Unknown Speaker  00:45
Morning Mr smart Good morning Mark

Unknown Speaker  00:52
How are you this morning?

Unknown Speaker  00:53
I'm doing pretty good

Speaker 1  00:56
how are you doing? Doing well I think I can go until I wasn't sure what time we're leaving this morning but I can go until late show up probably around 830 Or hopefully a little later so I was hoping but if you had more time he could get more done in less time or if you have less time

Matthias Miller  01:31
sounds good just holler alone when you need to drop off then Dwayne and Ben are both running a bit late so

Matthias Miller  01:55
anything you wanted to dive in before I got your payroll notes that didn't look too closely

Unknown Speaker  02:08
is there anything else is there the what to do?

Speaker 1  02:17
I don't think so. on payroll plein air or Aaron knows what we're looking for on on our payroll portion thing so I think it's just a matter of walking them through how all that needs to be set up to work correctly there anything else

Speaker 1  02:50
not that I can think of moment I mean no other than the accounts payable

Matthias Miller  03:12
let's see did we leave it I was trying to go back over my notes. Did we leave it to focus on accounts payable first or accounts receivable first

Speaker 1  03:26
I didn't make notes going off from them or I thought we were Accounts Payable since we're in that and Josh is working on that but

Unknown Speaker  03:36
yeah, we already

Unknown Speaker  03:38
discussing which is most importantly like one's much more than the other

Unknown Speaker  03:49
yeah yeah. Alright so go back over it and see

Matthias Miller  04:18
so beyond which you had put together see with your float shirt I should have attached that was to grab that

Unknown Speaker  04:41
we we've got that in there as well.

Unknown Speaker  05:21
For the back end remembered. There it is

Unknown Speaker  05:34
what do you

Matthias Miller  05:43
That's right, where we left this one had been taking a look at possibly a few different scenarios.

Speaker 1  05:54
Right, and I did not I didn't get any of those done. But I think I've well. We talked through a few portions of, of this with with gosh, like us trying to understand how we're using the existing AP verification record. And I think based off of that, and also the

Speaker 1  06:25
thinking about that more, I think we would do well. To me Accounts Payable is recognizing the basics first. And what are the main events? There's only there only that trigger? Counting impact? I think starting with those I think we start with those then how we handle different processes is much cleaner, like if we know what are wedges? What are the times that AP impacts accounting?

Matthias Miller  07:19
It's basically good.

Speaker 1  07:23
Well, I was I was thinking just starting with a brief recap on what we talked with Josh, yesterday morning, and thinking about those trigger points, I think would be helpful. And then I think most scenarios will will always, pretty much all scenarios will fit into into that. So if we're good with that, I'll just kind of recap in my words, what we've what we talked with Josh, and then also kind of my thoughts

Unknown Speaker  08:02
on it. So.

Speaker 1  08:05
So what what Josh's question was, is while he wanted to understand how does the current process work, so it's basically or how well, how does it work? How should it work, is the first time that there's an impact to accounting is when product or services are received, then we say, we've received this product, we don't have the invoice yet, but we are not liable to pay for it. And this is what we think it's going to call that's when it hits our email account have received not voucher, and I don't think it's ready, but that we define in the design here that we decide exactly what what that GL account is or is named because I expect

Unknown Speaker  09:03
you're going to build this in such a way that that we can select the or determine what that GL account is that impacted. Or it's not going to be hardwired into time. I guess that's a question we can come to later. But when the product or the services are received, then we become liable to pay for it. That's

Speaker 1  09:31
not monitored. We think we know what the invoice is, but we're not going to pay it until we think we know what we need to pay on that. But we're not going to pay it until we actually get the invoice typically a few days later at that point. There's another impact to accounting where it moves from receive not voucher to the actual AP account which means now that we have have a supplier invoice If that matches up with your purchase orders or with whatever matches up and we're we now are liable to pay for this amount which has been verified with buyers invoice so that's the second impact and then the third impact which is so it'll sit in AP then you know until the person in the district manager sermons when he wants to pay that based on his cash flow on his cash position which is you know depending on what the situation he may choose to wait the full 30 days on a net 30 invoice or immediately whatever, but that that's when it then moves out of AP and obviously impacts cash or cheque thinking so one thing that was the thing that we clarified with with Josh is the verification process the district manager you're going through in thing this looks good, I have questions on this or I want to go ahead and pay these three invoices that they are requesting is is a legit invoice or not or let me read something looks wrong here show me the details make sure that this is but 95% of what they do is just timing or when they want to pay so that was the important thing that I think we clarified is that process need to look at that as a as determining Timing on when we're going to pay what invoices

Unknown Speaker  12:00
and when it hits. That impacts moves from receiving that voucher to accounts payable is when we get the invoice and match up the invoice with supporting documents that we have purchase order or packing slip whatever so that was kind of I think those are really the

Speaker 1  12:31
the three critical points I think the two that we need to focus on most are when it hits accounting initially when the product or the services are received and then what happens when we see the suppliers invoice so that's that's kind of what I looking at it like that I think it I think then then we can get into okay, what product received that the you know, like it's obviously when the order confirmation is sent in and when the product is received or there's some processes we need to we probably need to clean up like it's it's not okay to have product on the dock from a week and then send it in a week later. That's a process that needs to be maintained but that's a product received is pretty cut and dried but services received like what is the date when that is received? Is it simply when we receive the suppliers invoice? And if so, can we can we actually skip that first step and get the received not volunteered and go directly to AP in a lot of ways? I think we could, but what what's the determining factor there that

Speaker 1  14:18
that determines that and then there's all the you know the date issues like what we've talked about that like what, what eight something post two accounts payable so I'm sure you have thoughts on how thoughts and questions on how we move forward with this process.

Unknown Speaker  14:52
mean okay in my mind

Unknown Speaker  15:02
In my mind the

Matthias Miller  15:18
we here's what we had talked about. We had talked about receipt of goods being sure streaming so we had talked about receipt of goods hitting it at receiving date

Matthias Miller  15:42
and the invoice getting at the latest of receiving an invoice date

Unknown Speaker  15:57
yeah

Unknown Speaker  16:01
I mean payment payment is the other thing but that's just the payment account plus payment date.

Unknown Speaker  16:09
Did that again you said that the date being the latest of

Matthias Miller  16:16
Greiner, some of the recycling receiving or invoice date

Unknown Speaker  16:25
I think that

Speaker 1  16:26
yeah, he said the latest of those two, like typically, the invoice date and the receiving date would be before but if they're switched around, then it's receiving Yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:39
So if somebody invoices before you get products do you want that to hit accounting?

Speaker 1  16:54
No, I mean, there are, it's quite rare that I mean, that would take me that would be I would consider those one off situations. Well let me back up there that happens very rarely that we have something that we a like make a down payment or a pre payment on something you know, in order to get the product it happens rarely enough that I think we would just handle those as one off situations and probably post that to that amount of prepaid expenses or a negative amount payable like if at the shitshow a supplier is running a special on always be like a $5,000 down today and then we'll ship in the next month whenever you want want to have it shipped something like that then we could post it as a negative to account payable against that or we could post it as a prepaid expense. But but that happens rarely enough that I don't feel like we need to build a process for it

Matthias Miller  18:26
Okay, so it could be fair to say to always post a payment regardless well I mean you need to

Matthias Miller  18:44
regardless of whether product has been received and then that would that would give you your negative AP.

Matthias Miller  19:15
Then the only real settings we need is the received map voucher to count in the AP account and everything else as far as what accounts you pay out of. And the expense accounts handled by the skews skew mapping seems to me

Unknown Speaker  19:41
is there anything

Unknown Speaker  19:53
we need to handle

Matthias Miller  20:04
There's no reconciliation with no.

Unknown Speaker  20:18
mean is there really anything else?

Speaker 1  20:21
Well, so I have a few things here that I think one process we're building because everything needs to go through the received not voucher voucher account that we say, no, not everything needs to go through that. But everything needs does need to go. I think it would be fair to say that everything needs to go through AP, anything that we that we pay needs to go through a P Can you think of situations that would not need to go through a P?

Matthias Miller  21:06
No, and I would think even if you invoice and pay immediately, you'd still want it. There's no reason for it not to hit a P.

Speaker 1  21:19
I think so. I recall are saying that that's ideal. I think you have a process that it always follows the same logic, but not everything would need to go through receive not vouchered. I think that that's only basically that's just a holding tank is just that if you've received products or services, but you don't have

Unknown Speaker  21:47
wires invoice yet, you're not? 100% sure what it needs to be. So do you see a clear path on how do we

Speaker 1  22:05
like is that I think the people doing in Wayne's office doing the accounts payable portion of matching up invoices with purchase orders? Or order confirmation? Like will it will we have it? What would we just I've obviously talked through the situation or the scenario of the senior lumber and then two days later getting flowers invoice, what have we. Now if they have no purchase order, and they get an invoice or invoice for a ventriloquist for the company. And so, obviously, there was no purchase, or that's the first they know about it, they have an invoice that needs to be paid. And there's no reason to put that in receive not vouchered. So how can we make sense of that can go directly to AP. Let's skip over that. Like, is that clear in your mind? How that should be handled?

Matthias Miller  23:22
Yeah, I mean, if anything, just requires a little bit of thinking through I mean, if a, you know, the PIO is gonna have to know now have knowledge of an associated vendor? And if if for what vendor invoices associated with it, and the same vendor invoice back to the PIO. And so in that particular case, I think it's just

Matthias Miller  23:54
I don't really see any issue with that. The one issue I can think of is we had talked about having a field on the vendor that says do you normally use POS? And warning if you create a Pio for a vendor you don't really create POS for and warning if you're missing a Pio. Sorry, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  24:27
Yeah. It's fine. Are you on?

Speaker 2  24:31
Sorry, yes, I am. Marlon called me and I walked away for a little bit. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  24:39
But he calling you about a BPR not working?

Unknown Speaker  24:43
How did you know?

Speaker 1  24:46
Because he'd been faxing me and I'd asked Josh and so yes, yeah. Okay. Dwayne, I think you have a better answer on this than I do. I think Your AP people are trained to when they get an invoice they search if there's a purchase order in the system. And there's no purchase order in the system, they assume that there is no purchase order for this vendor invoice and just go ahead and process it without a purchase order, is that is that correct? Or how?

Speaker 2  25:28
That is correct, depending on how that is correct. If it's not inventory product, it's supposed to be that if it's inventory product that a purchase order created, so that a purchase order SKU lot is is created.

Speaker 1  25:40
So, I think if, if that process is being followed consistently, I don't think we need these prompts on the vendor. But do you think we do Dwayne? Do you feel like that would would be helpful?

Speaker 2  25:54
I didn't hear the original question. So you might want to repeat it Matthias

Matthias Miller  25:58
Do you want a setting on the vendor that says whether or not you normally use POS and warnings if you create a Pio for a vendor that doesn't normally or are missing a Pio for when that normally does

Unknown Speaker  26:12
you find normally

Matthias Miller  26:15
99% of the time I don't know

Speaker 2  26:26
yet leery on warnings because we've got numerous warnings happening already in it after a while you just start ignoring warnings

Matthias Miller  26:36
I mean, I would probably that sounds to me like you got your you get your process down don't see it need to so I think

Speaker 2  26:54
concern for this is what's the what what instituted the question or prompted the question

Matthias Miller  27:05
if we're running more stuff through AP that I don't know somebody somebody's in there just getting going to have to know what's going on something weird like oh, I don't know there's a Pio out there somewhere somebody's working in AP doesn't match it up right or I don't know what it's we had it came up in a in a conversation a long time ago but

Speaker 2  27:44
think the reason that came up in a conversation a long time ago was that we were having a significant amount of vendor invoices created and there were maybe slightly different Pio or something and some stuff was being created when it should not have been I think we've got a pretty good handle on that. And beings that we are now working for what I like to conveniently call no Pio left behind. We we I think we've we've instituted some processes that kind of keep that in check now. Is it always gonna work? No. Is it Do we need warnings? I don't know that we do at this point. Is that fair Mark?

Speaker 1  28:34
Yeah, I mean, I would agree with you that I think we're will a good process will work better than then any warnings on the vendor? Because they both need to be maintained your warnings unless they're set correct but every time you add a new vendor warnings will irrelevant anyway so yeah, I wouldn't be

Speaker 1  29:06
the Messiah is another like a situation that how are we going to handle where we post something to the AP or to receive that voucher for 15,000 and then the product comes once it posts to eat not vouchers and also to the break expense account. Then when the product comes in when that suppliers invoice comes in it's of a discount that we can take it's 14 Seven, so

Unknown Speaker  29:42
we always when it moves from received not voucher to AP it seems to me like we'll always need to go

Speaker 1  29:53
to both the expense account and receive not voucher and track what was like we do is bye bye 50,000 What was posted originally, and then goes back the new amount, like most of the time those amounts are going to be same. But there's also going to be a number of times when they're different. So maybe you have I mean, is there a way to just post the differences? Or is that the best way to just go back and reduce it by the original amount? And then reapply the new amount?

Matthias Miller  30:33
Yeah, I mean, my my plan on this was doing the same accounting impact style approach that we've been using elsewhere, which means that in this particular case, you'd zero out receive that vouchered, you'd have a delta, apply a delta to the expense account, like you would reduce if you're playing a discount, reduce the expense by the amount of the discount, and push it into AP.

Speaker 1  31:01
And then if you drill down into that expense account and look at the the individual transactions, would you would you see the original 15 posted and then later? The minus 300? posted for the same invoice? Like would there be a trail where you could see oh, we actually paid 14, seven for this load? Yes. Okay, but it would be two separate transactions, the 15,000 and a minus 300 reps? And you could I mean, they may be on different? Well, I'm curious to see how once you put a design to get on that, like you're thinking they would be easily, it'd be easy to connect the two together. If you're looking through transactions, like on a detailed income statement,

Matthias Miller  31:58
like the transactions go link out to? Well,

Speaker 1  32:08
my concern is, if we're going to have a bunch of those, and then it's going, it could be confusing if we could, ideally, if we could just show the 14 seven, this one instead of the 15. And then the minus three.

Matthias Miller  32:20
Actually, you might be right. So so well, let's say you want to do it.

Matthias Miller  32:30
Yeah, what we could do in that case, is we could.

Unknown Speaker  32:49
Example of

Matthias Miller  33:01
if we just reverse the entire so the receive not bent vouchered would be a Pio impact. And so if we just reverse the entire Pio impact and rely on the vendor invoice.

Matthias Miller  33:19
Apply clients interact, you would have that for reversal of the 15,014 700.

Speaker 1  33:27
I think that would be the cleanest if if this from my perspective, but I'm not sure that's the best way to handle it in the software.

Unknown Speaker  33:39
Do you mind if

Matthias Miller  33:48
but then on the expense accounts. Well,

Speaker 1  33:57
okay, but the man's account is where I'm most concerned about it. Because the received not volunteered is just a liability account that's going to have like, a holding. Are you just like, yeah, for everything that we have to pay, but then the expense account? I'm looking like this is true as of what was the expenses that were actually incurred?

Matthias Miller  34:23
When you get a PIO, you're going to expense it immediately, right.

Speaker 1  34:30
Yeah, that yeah, the day that it was the product was received is when we consider

Matthias Miller  34:37
all the expenses. So then you would have an expense account, whether it's, it'd be one of Okay, so what you would prefer to have you prefer to have two completely separate transactions, then? One. So first, you'd have your $15,000 transaction that would expense out interesting About vouchered then when you invoice it, you would create a reversal of that. And then the same day, you would have a $14,700 transaction to to expense out with the discount

Speaker 1  35:20
would it? Would it hit the expense account? Initially the 15,000?

Speaker 1  35:33
Well, yeah, it would have to because that you'd have to, I mean, that would be the other side of your debit and credit. Did you just reverse do the same reversal on the expense account?

Matthias Miller  35:50
Yeah. So So if we go this route, it basically means that we would have

Matthias Miller  36:03
normally had for transactions, things that we were

Speaker 1  36:12
Oh, you're saying it? Initially, the first two transactions would be receiving that voucher into the expense account? Oh, what why did the four be like, Would it be that first transaction and then the reversal

Matthias Miller  36:31
in the reversal? And then the new one based on the vendor invoice, actually, yeah, new investment invoice. And then the fourth one would be the payment

Speaker 1  36:45
Well, I, unfortunately, I'm going to have to go now. They're going up here. So hopefully that gives you enough to

Unknown Speaker  37:01
catch up with you next week.

Unknown Speaker  37:04
Yep, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  37:07
Thank you. Awesome. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai