Matthias Miller  00:29
Good morning, you made it?

Matthias Miller  00:40
Right. Looks like we beat the rest of the team.

Speaker 1  00:46
Um, have you guys met at all yet this morning? I'm confused about what the meeting schedule is? No, no. Okay, so the agenda that Mark sent hasn't been talked about yet. No,

Matthias Miller  01:01
we've not done anything. He was just on top of it. No,

Speaker 1  01:07
no, that's fair. I just I'm trying to, I spent a large chunk of time yesterday read, reading through tasks, renaming them, trying to understand what's actually happening with them. So now I'm trying to figure out how I can do the same thing with the agendas. Like there's lots of new requests and updates and things here that I'm starting to grasp, but not

Matthias Miller  01:36
why don't we on this call, create change requests and tasks for new items? And then and avoid getting into the weeds of them? Yeah, okay. And then, and then maybe when they hop on, we can I guess if you want to get started, I could, I don't know, they should be here for my updates as well. They're gonna want to know where this stuff is. Yeah. So that's that's

Speaker 1  02:04
not really. I was just curious, because I think so the VI record discount is a new request. Right, but the payment fields is already ongoing. So right, in our first agenda item, we have a mix of something new and something ongoing. Am I reading that? Right?

Matthias Miller  02:25
Well, I mean, I have not wrapped my head around what the issue is this conversation on handling discounts and the trouble we were having, I believe, we are needing to have the calculation removed that subtracts the VA discount from the big department of payment about discounts are entered on the PIO level or into the non Pio line items and already figured the discount on the field is in simply to reconcile vi with PIO and not for calculating payment amount. I simplistic is that this means changing bi pay by cheque payment amount just simply be be invoiced total. Now is he making up that is not something I remember

Matthias Miller  03:19
if people check him out, I am not familiar with what he did. That's here's part of the problem. Josh made some changes without without looping me in and I don't know what and how we handle payments by cheque. So okay, invoice What did we just say the Payment Amount field? Okay, we need to clarify from them. What exactly they mean by populating the Payment Amount field?

Speaker 1  03:53
Right. Okay. Well, yeah, should we start with the agenda and work through that then and then go through task updates, how would be the best way to handle this? Um, or do tasks. And then, and then look at the agenda real quick before I jump off to see if there are new things we need to add to the tasks?

Matthias Miller  04:27
Let's do let's go through the Drew has the sound to go through the agenda, create tasks and items for what needs to be what we need, and then do project updates, prioritize stuff and then if there's further discussion as far as what actually needs to happen. Yeah, design discussions. We can do that afterwards.

Speaker 2  04:53
That should march not here right now, but I can probably get him to jump in just a bit. Is there something I see with him? But okay, so we can go

Unknown Speaker  05:07
okay

Matthias Miller  05:09
all right, so we are did you do you have an item for the VIP record just don't think we need a change request Do you have a click up item for that

Speaker 1  05:22
I have an item for what I think is the okay that's missing information I think I have an item for the payment amount fields I'm just need to find it in here real quick. But discounts is that going to be right

Matthias Miller  05:43
Well, I think I think it's one of the same I think if you have if you have something for the for the email about BI record discount the payment amount fields I think it's it's a single issue as you got that we're good Hey, Mark Warner was a

Speaker 1  06:05
nation that's not right. Record discounts maybe not, I thought I found it before. It's not duplicate transactions. It's not worn on missing information, right?

Matthias Miller  06:19
No, this is this is just the if you created created it basically email yesterday. Okay, no. Okay, okay, so, so let's just let's put that at the top of the list, too. Okay. Okay, editing payment fields after initiating let me download this so that we can all see after initially ACH payment did this seems to me like a Josh issue but did he send it over my way

Unknown Speaker  07:00
I don't think we even sent this one in yet.

Unknown Speaker  07:06
You just ran into I

Unknown Speaker  07:07
just Yeah, I ran into it. I think it was this morning.

Matthias Miller  07:14
Is there a can you?

Speaker 2  07:16
Yeah, go to vendor invoices needing payment. If you want to go into what it is at this point, just put it on the list.

Matthias Miller  07:32
Well, let's figure it out. At least a little bit. So we know where to go.

Speaker 2  07:36
It would be ABC, I think. Actually, no, it's right there. The second Bosco is one okay, the 1228 expiration date right there if you go to that invoice so so it's paid so what I did is I didn't have that information filled in on the on the right and then I hit the payment button just to see if it would require me to have that all filled in so I figured it would Why did not at Randy Randy ACH which is fine, except for for some reason it did not update the status to paid and I cannot update status to paid if I cannot put a payment date in

Matthias Miller  08:28
okay, this is a judge question. Okay, so I think we'll defer it for our sake of our discussion

Matthias Miller  08:48
automatically recurring invoices so this one all right, I think I think here we have a design for it but did you have a click a test for 9230 Let me try

Speaker 1  09:11
9230 I do not but I'm a little bit so if there's one in there I can find it but let me

Matthias Miller  09:21
there's a link if you need it. So you get that into prioritize number four is a Josh thing

Speaker 1  09:36
so are we not tracking Josh things are what are what's your thought process here?

Matthias Miller  09:42
Most of Josh things we're not tracking okay. Oh if you guys want to take two and four to him pmco Sorry. And

Speaker 3  10:02
all that's the project management checklists that are included. That's where I got it. Yeah, supposed to have all that stuff, at least somewhat prepared, I only have one, but where we want to talk about how do we compile accurate numbers for end of year 23? And get a plan for how we're going to do that. So I think that's expect that's where we'll spend most of our time. On the fall, but okay. Okay.

Matthias Miller  10:38
So accuracy. So I think, if this is going to be an extensive discussion, let's, I guess my vote would probably be let's table it, let's give go through some of the other project management updates first, and then I'll create change requests or whatever needs to be done and we can go from there. Vendor credits, is this an issue for ACH? Or is it an issue for

Speaker 2  11:12
everything? So we don't have I mean, okay, by default, it's not really an issue for checks. It would be more of an ACH thing, I guess, or credit card it we don't have a way to necessarily take a credit and apply it to an invoice aside from grouping them together when paying and pay them all with the same check.

Matthias Miller  11:48
You, couldn't you? Is this after you've paid it or before?

Speaker 2  11:56
Before? I mean, can you like with a check, the way they're doing is they're just simply writing negative invoices for vendor credits, which functions fine. And then if I'm paying by cheque, I can select the negative invoice and the regular invoice. And the amount will come out correct. And I'm assuming that the negative invoice the invoice number would also be written on the check. So they could see that they could see what that breakdown is. So on shipping by checks that would work that way only. But with ACH is I can't pay multiple ACH is that want

Matthias Miller  12:38
to use a freight invoice?

Speaker 2  12:43
Right. You're saying make another line items are not following.

Matthias Miller  12:52
I kind of think this is also going off into Josh territory. But we do have the freight invoices that allow adjusting that are basically the adjustment invoices to an existing invoice. And I forget the details of how all those things tie together.

Speaker 3  13:13
If you had it for working paying multiple invoices by Ach, then you could do the same thing for to deal with it. Yeah, but I mean, it's not ideal. It's not like if we had that, that still wouldn't solve your credit card. Oh, right.

Speaker 2  13:32
I mean, if you would have a thing, if you had the same thing with credit card where you can, you know, select these five, and say I am paying these as one total payment? You know, that would then work as well. I mean, I guess what I'm more after is, does when they when they would enter a vendor credit. Does it show up as a credit to the vendor? If we would look at what are the outstanding balances for this vendor? Or, or is it just simply an invoice that happens to be negative that floats around? You know that it's

Matthias Miller  14:23
more than I mean, currently, it's more the latter.

Speaker 2  14:30
Because if we did a vendor report, you know of everything that is owed or paid or credit or whatever on his vendor. Yeah, like we would want it to show up there as part of our here's the here's, here's money available at this vendor. I mean, it's, I don't know, small detail difference in how it works. I think it's not not a huge thing.

Matthias Miller  15:01
I mean it's it's not that different I mean it's okay let's let's let's table this one as well then let's dig into vendor credits on our let me get my little notepads

Unknown Speaker  15:22
a few things

Matthias Miller  15:35
I suspect we'll still we might still find out that this is a Josh thing but all right so

Unknown Speaker  15:51
then when your credits okay

Matthias Miller  15:59
so let's let's do let's go through the project management updates and then and prioritization and then circle back to this logic and drop off and you can sort of back to this or that sounds good with you guys

Speaker 1  16:16
okay, so I think I'll just go down the list I split I did some work on this yesterday I split better sections on income statement out into actually, Josh is working on updating the income statement for level one and then updating the income statement for account names wrapping both of those are in progress as far as I know. Does that make sense to you guys?

Matthias Miller  16:40
Joel is doing the number one I believe number two is complete. Pending pending you guys. I mean, if true mark have taken a look at it. But was

Unknown Speaker  16:51
it not? The fate?

Unknown Speaker  16:55
Oh, no, that I looked at it. I would want to check it.

Speaker 1  17:02
Okay, so do I need to put this in Drew's court to check? Yeah. All right. We'll do that. And then you said Joel is doing this? Or Josh? Yeah. That's what I thought. And yeah, we talked to him and this is still in progress, I believe.

Matthias Miller  17:30
And we're targeting the 19th for that.

Speaker 1  17:32
I believe so. Yes. Yes, we are. Okay, that's just a slightly different view here. So um so that one I'm moving off and favor these other two and then we've got document procedure for closing books. I think this is the one you were just talking about. Mark Are you in process on this?

Speaker 3  17:53
Yes. That's the one we want to talk about today. I mean, to do with no to do is probably the most of it's not done yet. small detail I don't know. Okay. No, that's

Speaker 1  18:06
fair. I'll Marcus in progress here. Update account impact reports push check vendor plus number two accounting Matthias that's yours. I

Matthias Miller  18:16
believe it's, I mean, it's done. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  18:21
Just did you or do we need to put it

Speaker 2  18:24
I looked at it. I mean, well, I went in there for something else and saw Oh, this must be done. But I didn't actually take the time to really go over it that much. So but I want to put it in the done list and we'll we'll come back if we need to bring it up again.

Speaker 1  18:42
Perfect. Don't do that. Okay. build and deliver account balance diagnostic report aka marks fancy report.

Matthias Miller  18:57
I forgot that I had this on my list for last week. I was so proud of myself for having knocked it out. No. Well, is it problems?

Unknown Speaker  19:04
Is it back in your court then to be working on Yes.

Matthias Miller  19:07
That's got some diagnosis. Diagnosis. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  19:12
block out time for the Go Live plan.

Matthias Miller  19:16
duplicate of the closing books for 23

Unknown Speaker  19:19
Okay

Speaker 1  19:31
easy way to catch duplicate transactions when saving vendor invoices. DREW I guess that was in review by you. Are we good on that one?

Speaker 2  19:40
Yes, the fire is just not big enough yet. Leave it in review.

Speaker 1  19:44
Okay. Well, should I you still want to do it in January should I change the date out or you want to leave it exactly where it's at?

Speaker 2  19:58
Is it as like So it's due today. Yeah. Yeah. Just push it out next week. Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 1  20:07
Um, let's see, we got done on the uncategorized expense report that's marked complete. It's awesome. Push payroll transactions into a system

Matthias Miller  20:16
that was more complete except with revisions where they're not.

Unknown Speaker  20:20
Or their revisions. Okay. Yes,

Matthias Miller  20:23
I drew, you'd send an email about some changes, changes to the uncategorized. Expenses report. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  20:30
yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  20:32
I thought for some reason you. Okay. So you do want to do these revisions? Actually, I think I had put this in as something we should review. Is this something you you want to do and you want to prioritize? Or what are we doing here?

Matthias Miller  20:51
So, let's do let's just triage them now.

Matthias Miller  21:02
Add prompt for everything but everything but number two is easy. Okay. If you want number two than just download it as an Excel file and delete the rows, you don't want it. Yeah, that over to them? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:15
Okay.

Matthias Miller  21:19
So that just needs to the test just needs to stay open to stay on my list of follow up with revisions to it.

Unknown Speaker  21:35
Okay, keep it open.

Speaker 1  21:45
Okay, push payroll transactions into assist accounting.

Unknown Speaker  21:51
What do you have, what status you have there?

Speaker 1  21:53
Well, I don't think I have any updates to it. Okay. Captured emails or anything.

Speaker 3  21:59
I started on it, but it needs to know. Is it in progress? Yet? In Progress? Okay. Yeah. Okay, great.

Speaker 1  22:11
Task reconciliation by statement or reconciliation event log. Joel is working on that.

Matthias Miller  22:19
We were right. Yes. Joel is going to hand it off to the team for development by Friday. Okay. I believe that's I mean, there's no way the team is having it done by Friday. So. Right.

Speaker 1  22:37
That's, that's, that's close enough. Okay, do we need to what's, what's our goal dates? I mean, is this actually done in January? Or? How are we doing on this?

Matthias Miller  22:52
What did we decide is first priority of this? Mark, and drew,

Unknown Speaker  23:01
what you had wanted to buy? To do your?

Speaker 2  23:03
No, I had wanted to do January's reconciles. Which

Unknown Speaker  23:16
that's not going to kill anybody if it's not. So.

Matthias Miller  23:26
Yeah, I think cross your fingers. I think that's doable. If Joe gets handed off, I think it's basically ready to go. It's just we need to get some some devs on it.

Speaker 1  23:38
Okay, so keep it where it's at generally, track it, hopefully through January. handle payments for multiple sales orders. With

Matthias Miller  23:50
Can you pull this up? What's not sure what's left on this? One? Think your last? Yes, this is done? Or Drew, do you want to make sure it's working? I basically, if you're doing a what I changed was that, okay, there were three things I changed number one, in the deposits report. Multi sales order payments are all grouped together. And if it's a multi sales order payment, the balance is in gray so that it's all it's so it's kind of you can visually see that it's like it's a gray background so that you can visually see. And then when you select the items and hit save, and you don't select all of them, it throws a warning and says ever throws an error and says no, you can't do that. You have to do all or nothing on these. Right,

Speaker 2  24:36
right. Okay, yeah, I'll just look at it. Okay, okay.

Matthias Miller  24:42
So leave that injuries court good.

Speaker 1  24:46
As a sales order search on receive payment page to pull up Ohio, New York.

Matthias Miller  24:51
This is in Drew's court to review and approve

Speaker 1  25:00
Excellent investigate creating a process for moving payments from one sales order to another

Matthias Miller  25:06
for discussion with Dwayne okay no yes I'm sorry. This is process for moving. I would like to discuss this with Mark and drew okay

Unknown Speaker  25:25
that'd be something for the call today.

Matthias Miller  25:27
Yeah if we have time okay.

Unknown Speaker  25:31
So keep that in process vendor invoice worn on missing information

Matthias Miller  25:40
through your court to double check

Speaker 2  25:44
Oh including my list from the other day yesterday or the day before

Matthias Miller  25:48
Oh wait. Well let's see information out of my inbox No. Including that isn't my court morning item to invoices needing payment that's the subject line that needs to go with this ad warning add warning icon to invoices needing payment that's yeah. And let me see missing information let me take your notes

Speaker 2  26:32
I mostly just tried to make a concise list of what warnings should be there or what good logic should

Unknown Speaker  26:43
okay

Matthias Miller  27:08
okay good all right.

Speaker 1  27:11
We had a new fix a report request for payments are categorized by dealer district and deposited by builder district

Matthias Miller  27:17
I believe this is a duplicate of the

Unknown Speaker  27:24
the New York Ohio thing

Unknown Speaker  27:26
is in New York thank you thank you I'm working through it

Unknown Speaker  27:39
yes

Speaker 1  27:39
easy way to catch yeah duplicate transactions when saving vendor invoices.

Matthias Miller  27:46
This is a duplicate we just no nevermind. This is something else drew this is in a

Unknown Speaker  27:56
this came from apparently this agenda item and it has its own Yeah,

Speaker 2  28:03
that's the same duplication

Matthias Miller  28:11
you can you could effectively merge this into Okay, the the warning icon also encapsulates this and I think he could probably just close this part as a duplicate of that one and let us handle it there. Who Okay,

Speaker 1  28:30
so basically the one we just talked about okay, yes. Do that update income statement for level one we talked about that already. That's when I took out a better sections don't want to scroll here. Okay, enhancement for yo so SBI prompt for a mount that's the one we were talking about.

Matthias Miller  29:00
In review for drew this is on the on the search report that we can get this capability. Okay,

Speaker 1  29:08
is that part of what's the first agenda item for today to or not? I'm confused

Matthias Miller  29:14
No, that is unrelated I believe. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  29:18
but open right now is not here

Matthias Miller  29:24
let me see when I did that like just

Unknown Speaker  29:26
the regular vendor invoices

Matthias Miller  29:31
Yeah, give me give me one minute you can find

Matthias Miller  29:46
out on the eighth we did not push an update Monday evening. So no, it's not live yet. It's waiting for an update and then drew contest. Okay. I might see if I might see what I can push through this. I'm gonna be working on some of this stuff today. We'll see I do an update today or tomorrow. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  30:21
The update income statement, the account names wrapping, we also just put in Druce. Court for review, enhance income statement and general ledger for Joel. This was the general ledger. Discussion, I think down here.

Matthias Miller  30:40
This is the

Speaker 1  30:44
eye chart. I know we talked about this Monday, I tried to split I tried to understand what's happening here. There's some the income statement has a discussion here. But then there's also a general ledger discussion. Is that still open?

Matthias Miller  30:59
I think this is this is related to a few other things in jewels court, it's probably a duplicate.

Speaker 1  31:09
Okay, maybe I need to clarify with Joel if we need to keep this as a task, then.

Matthias Miller  31:15
Probably it is not related to the problem for about

Speaker 1  31:23
Okay. Let me just see if he still needs anything open on that and okay. So Mark sent me an email saying that showing work orders on owner amounts and conditional formatting and paid vacation are both complete. So that's cool.

Speaker 3  31:42
Yeah. Cool. I'm just another side note, Matthias. Remember the work you did to do paid vacation if the if a wheat splits over in a week is covers? Two years, like it did this year, January, December 31. It showed two lines for paid vacation like here's what 23 paid vacation is. Here's what 24 is. From what we've seen that work flawlessly so that was Yeah, real good.

Speaker 1  32:17
Sweet. Great. Okay, um, allow attaching statements to reconcile. Oh, did I move on too fast? I'm sorry.

Matthias Miller  32:28
That is no that's a duplicate of Joe's doing that one. It's a duplicate of the one that he's getting into development on Friday, whatever that one's called. Well, it's duplicate or related related. Okay, no, I'm sorry. This is this is a dependent task of that it needs to be handled by Joshua I after that one is done. And you can leave it assigned to me and then I can

Speaker 3  33:02
Okay, would it would it make sense to this about adding attachments like there's also the W nine forms on the vendor record would it make sense to make a task of I don't know Is there anything else and combine those

Unknown Speaker  33:19
transactions okay. We'll probably come up with more places but the

Speaker 3  33:26
basic story is you can attach them like in the notes or somewhere but long term we want to want to attach them in such a way that he pushes to s3 for cheaper storage

Unknown Speaker  33:41
Yes

Matthias Miller  33:46
Yeah, I mean ideally you're using I'm relatively okay with this I think perhaps it would be better but I think we can also just whenever we're ready for it tell Josh go do this. Okay. Good, Josh as a side note Yeah, if there's anything on accounting so Josh is basically from his perspective he's out of accounting at this point. So if there's anything that we need we need to get into his getting under his radar. This is for Drew's verification this should be resolved.

Unknown Speaker  34:35
The eyes do not match in accounting.

Matthias Miller  34:37
Sorry, hang on. Am I

Matthias Miller  34:46
now I'm doubting myself

Matthias Miller  34:57
me see if I can find a I know what the Problem is, but I'm not sure if there's a transaction 5266 source record. 5267 No. Okay, nevermind, that's still outstanding. Still outstanding, okay says, Okay, now

Speaker 1  35:19
we're getting into February and March stuff. But we've also just had a lot of things that have come in in the past week. So I wanted to know, maybe how to handle these things in the future, but the update window for adding items to deposit but that looks like it's done in review with Dwayne, is that right?

Matthias Miller  35:37
Yes. Just mark it down. He'll tell us if it's okay. Not right.

Speaker 1  35:41
Okay. And then update deposit record link to report for items in RG.

Matthias Miller  35:46
I gave him a workaround, I believe. Okay. No, no, we, I asked him for input.

Speaker 1  35:55
I think you did, actually. Yeah. Do regarding them to never heard back. Okay, so I have this as in Dwayne's court to respond, I believe. speed improvements? Let's see, what is this about? Is this done?

Matthias Miller  36:16
I have not heard any complaints. So. Well, Dwayne complained about something yesterday morning that I don't think is related to accounting. Okay. This is the kind of thing where I mean, I think Dwayne, Dwayne knows that he should let us know if it continues to be an issue. I think we should just close this out and consider it done. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  36:46
What about on yours? Unless, are you having speed issues or not?

Speaker 2  36:49
I mean, oh, that report that you created for the unreconciled Uncategorized. accounts, you know, where it pulls in? Delivered sighs that took, oh, I don't know, 345 seconds to load. But that's partly why I think if we could put a date range on it, we just have that many less transactions to sift through, but Right.

Matthias Miller  37:24
So that's fair. But yeah, not.

Speaker 2  37:27
I mean, things are functioning. I'm more concerned about stuff that's not functioning at all. So.

Matthias Miller  37:33
Okay. Well, if there are. So I would just so that's going to be addressed separately, like this. And then as their specific issues. Let's not be bashful about asking for speed improvements, and we can take a look.

Speaker 1  37:54
So we want to close this, right, is what you're saying? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  37:58
I think I would. Okay.

Speaker 1  38:05
Okay, vendor invoices, needing payments report error. Let's see this was an email from Drew.

Matthias Miller  38:18
You go to the screenshot.

Speaker 1  38:20
Yeah. This might be is this done? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  38:24
yeah. That's done. Yeah. Yep.

Speaker 1  38:28
I was just cleaning out some stuff here. So I'm gonna make sure we're catching.

Speaker 1  38:39
process we're splitting parent account into child accounts. Is this something that needs to be prioritized?

Matthias Miller  38:45
This has been communicated. I think the question is, does it need to be documented anywhere? No. Ben is going to document it I would be pretty content with trusting his follow through on it and closing it out.

Speaker 1  39:08
There Oh, well, few items of priority is nice and vague, isn't it? Let's see. This is what I'm trying to say. I just didn't have time. Yesterday. Okay. What's the key? I think this is the

Matthias Miller  39:26
priority. Yeah, this was regarding the

Unknown Speaker  39:32
Okay, this is probably tied to something we're talking.

Matthias Miller  39:34
Yeah, this is just clarification of other items. I think this is just a project management discussion that was addressed.

Speaker 1  39:46
So let me just I can even move it out of there. Probably. Think so. Okay. And then review enhancements proposed to Uncategorized expense reports. That was my And so did this already get discussed?

Matthias Miller  40:06
Yeah, this needs to be tied, linked to the uncategorized. Expenses.

Speaker 1  40:11
Yep. Okay. Yep. Perfect. Okay. I think that's it. I think the rest of the stuff that I captured today was notes from the agenda. And and so, yeah. Any Anything else we need to discuss here? Yes.

Matthias Miller  40:35
Were you able to pull the new incidents in that I wrote it previously? And

Speaker 1  40:42
I think I'm behind on incidents a little bit here. Take a look. Okay. Well, that's not helpful. But that's on my agenda for today. So I'm hoping by the end of the day, this is actually better updated than it is right at the moment. Could

Matthias Miller  40:56
we I guess the main thing that I care about is that whatever is burning priority for this week, yeah, gets addressed whether and I don't care whether that happens just through a scratchpad here a separate email or a

Speaker 1  41:20
well, no, that's fair. I mean, theoretically, there's a lot of things that are supposed to be do this this week. I mean, as I'm scrolling through here, so or that are overdue. Do you want to you want to take a minute to make sure everything is

Matthias Miller  41:35
the main thing let's let's do this. The main thing that I'm concerned about is new requests that have come in Okay, since we last prioritized and beyond

Matthias Miller  41:52
so the warning icon for example

Speaker 1  42:00
okay, well too I usually have to open all these I haven't found a great way to figure out what everything is unfortunately worn on missing information I think we went through it's just been updated great process for moving payments I think we went way so

Speaker 2  42:24
I think that one of the missing information is the one that we were saying we changed the name a little bit on it right.

Unknown Speaker  42:36
warning icon

Matthias Miller  42:38
Yeah. I mean, if we are Can we can we go through Can we go through interrupts so I go through my tasks perhaps

Matthias Miller  43:00
Let's see an order earlier. Just make sure that

Matthias Miller  43:10
no, just okay. Here we go. Okay, so this week, I have got a count balanced diagnostic report. The BPR report we keep bumping it out. Can we bump this out to march again? Or is that something that needs to happen before then? The invoice number format on the BPR

Unknown Speaker  43:37
what is that

Matthias Miller  43:42
are you seeing where are we at here? Item number two follow up. Okay. Okay, sorry yeah Bluebird.

Unknown Speaker  43:52
Change invoice number format on Bilderberg.

Matthias Miller  43:57
This is from ages ago and it got captured and I don't know if Josh ever did anything with it. Can you open up the incident and see if there's there is no CCHD 8584747.

Matthias Miller  44:17
And there is

Matthias Miller  44:28
for SDI buildings, listening only eight invoice numbers and remove any letters in front of the invoice number. Usually that are two sometimes four. On the builder on the on the BPR. One

Unknown Speaker  44:42
was this request put in

Matthias Miller  44:46
last August.

Speaker 3  44:48
Do you have you don't have screenshots of what it's doing or may stop sharing Well, no, no

Matthias Miller  45:01
I'm not sure if this is a.

Speaker 3  45:04
I mean, if it's, if it's been like that since August, I know what it is now it's Well, why is it? No, leave it there, just bump it out. Okay.

Matthias Miller  45:21
I think one of the reasons why this is in flux is because nobody's quite sure if this is Josh's fancy facts generated BPR, in which case, it's in Josh's court, you should talk to him. Or we had Seth take a look. And he didn't seem to be like it was the BPR coming off the menu. Is this the daily BPR that with the QR codes that you I fill out and send back?

Speaker 3  45:43
I mean, that's what I'm assuming it is, which in that case? Yeah, it would be Josh. So you, okay, you don't have any screenshots or anything? No

Matthias Miller  45:53
screenshots. But I can take the email that I got back in August and forward it to you and Josh, won't just leave it here. Right,

Speaker 3  46:02
where I had it come from the original email

Matthias Miller  46:07
and send it from from you to support.

Unknown Speaker  46:13
Benign, yeah, good.

Matthias Miller  46:29
So I would be happy. If I sent an email to both of you guys. Can we take it off our project management? Your yet? Yeah. Okay. So, go live plans happening today and categorize expenses report for Friday, warning icon for Friday. The New Dealer thing is in Drew's court. So those things, those things at the top for myself? Are those still your top priorities balanced diagnostic report on categorize expenses report and warning icon?

Unknown Speaker  47:12
Up there for me, well,

Speaker 3  47:14
that vendor invoice changed with we have listed a number one today, is that? Right? Let's,

Matthias Miller  47:21
let's talk about that. We

Unknown Speaker  47:22
should put that in. Um, it should probably go ahead of the I don't know.

Matthias Miller  47:50
You can assign it to me.

Speaker 1  47:55
This is the one so I'm just prioritizing it then in your list, theoretically. Right.

Speaker 3  48:01
Right. It's just on handy right now. It's not.

Unknown Speaker  48:04
Right. Right. So

Unknown Speaker  48:06
it's it's probably not

Speaker 2  48:09
in a way we could put it after those three things that were mentioned. But

Unknown Speaker  48:17
so maybe early next week?

Unknown Speaker  48:20
Yeah, probably. So

Speaker 1  48:22
that would drop it to here on the list. Okay.

Speaker 1  48:34
All right. Do we see anything here? Matthias that I haven't maybe you want to make sure that

Matthias Miller  48:41
you check button? You check button is done by the way. vendor invoices meeting payment? I can't remember what that is. Your visible visibility for automatically recurring. Yeah, automatically recurring invoices that is there a priority for that before this coming week.

Unknown Speaker  49:09
Next week,

Speaker 3  49:11
what do you really want is to have them and have been set up by before the end of the month? Because a lot of

Matthias Miller  49:20
it looks we're gonna have to block out some time to know we did talk about design just needs to be done.

Unknown Speaker  49:32
But not in your list right under that. Okay. Anything else?

Matthias Miller  49:41
I think that's about Yeah, that covers it. Okay,

Speaker 1  49:44
sounds good. Hopefully, I will be updated completely by the end of the day and I can send out some new stuff. So

Speaker 2  49:52
one thing I've been noticing that when I open attachments, most of the time they open in the same window and when Occasionally they will our same tab. Occasionally they will open a new tab is this a, I'd like to do it always opening a new tab. But I don't know if this is something that require that we should schedule, just schedule it in somewhere. Or if this is some sort of thing that I'm just not doing the right thing to make it open the new tab.

Matthias Miller  50:23
attachments from where in a memo or in the usually

Speaker 2  50:28
it's on a vendor invoice is where I've noticed that the most. So I opened it. And then I opened the the attachment, and it opens in the same tab. So

Matthias Miller  50:41
if you have any unsaved changes, then it will open in a new tab. Otherwise it will open in the current tab. Do we have a way too. And I don't know that we have in a way to open it in a new tab besides just control click it's a platform to platform level change. You could the likelihood of it happening is pretty low. But you probably actually have better luck looking for an extension that can match on some kind of link format in force it open in a new tab, but it will know. Okay, okay. Training control click is probably the best. Unfortunately, the best solution in this case

Unknown Speaker  51:45
is a control clicks.

Matthias Miller  51:47
Control. Click Yeah.

Speaker 1  51:51
There's a work to right click to I feel like that's how I open thing.

Matthias Miller  51:55
Yep, we're right click and then just hit open a new tab.

Speaker 2  51:59
Yeah. Okay. All right. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  52:04
That just turned into a note so I won't save it. All right. All right. You guys need anything else for me? Nope.

Unknown Speaker  52:16
Thank you. Yeah, best of luck. I'm commuting.

Matthias Miller  52:18
Thanks. All right. So.

Matthias Miller  52:32
Okay, so project management checklist vendor credits, and if we have time moving payments, do you, I don't care what order we go through these. So it's your call? Um, let's

Speaker 2  52:45
just hit them in the order they are here. The vendor discount payment fields. Okay.

Matthias Miller  52:56
So let me let me just make sure that I completely understand. Okay, the only the remaining question, okay. This happened, I believe, when I was out of the office, Josh did some work. And I have not fully caught up to what he did.

Matthias Miller  53:24
But his the payment amount is is this when it gets populated when you pay by cheque? Or is there a different time when this gets populated?

Speaker 2  53:38
Yes, that's correct. It populates when you pay by cheque. And the calculation that it uses to populate it as a drag that discount and it should just not subtract the discount.

Matthias Miller  53:51
Okay.

Speaker 2  53:52
Um, let me now I think I would like that theory changed just a little bit and maybe it is already in there. But where it would populate, like, if you don't pay by cheque, let's say you pay by ACH or you pay by credit card or or for any other reason it as prompted to switch it to paid status. Then it should fill that all in as well. You know, like save so just like it does for the check.

Matthias Miller  54:27
Yes. Okay. Got it. So anytime you pay anything well, okay, so the

Speaker 2  54:39
like, if I just go to, to change it to paid, it will require me Hey, you'd have you have to put a payment date in here and all that kind of stuff. Right? So if it's, you know, let's say I'm on one of those other pages where I'm paying vendor invoices, you know, there will be something we'll feed back to mark that thing paid it should just go ahead and make So that's all filled in

Matthias Miller  55:01
right okay so let me discuss fields payment fields okay so let me create a new change request here and make sure I get all this nail down so pay based on vendor invoice total not including discount

Unknown Speaker  55:48
so

Matthias Miller  56:15
all right and then let me just check one other thing when you initiate ACH transactions do those initiate from the yes sheets from that same report vendor invoices need payment

Matthias Miller  56:49
Hey, all right, I think that addresses

Matthias Miller  57:06
addresses that one

Matthias Miller  57:13
two said was in Josh's court three which is scheduled for his Josh's court. pm CL

Speaker 3  57:26
Oh, that's the discussion we want to have on 23. Closing books. Three.

Matthias Miller  57:32
Okay, so let's jump down into that ones. That was for prior thing. Yep. Okay.

Matthias Miller  57:50
error reports that can be run as of 1231.

Unknown Speaker  57:57
Yeah, so my thought was, let's, let's go through. First, let's go through the checklists they created for AR.

Speaker 3  58:07
And then go through the chart of accounts. And say, identify which of those need need work done for closing 23 books and cover those at a very high level, like, what are some of the steps and then I'll work on creating a checklist for each one of those. And then we'll review once we have those completed work off of that, if that sounds reasonable. Okay. So on AR, the end goal is to update a sister of like accurate balance as of 1231. And then enter this balance into QuickBooks and the journal entry 1231 As of 1231, and in turn, have an accurate starting balance and assist as of 124. So, talk to Josh this morning about creating historical AR reports. He has done them just kind of one off in the past. He did it once. But like the the finished goods inventory and the raw materials, inventory numbers, you can go back in time and read that that's a standard report where you can do that AR those are standard reports. He's made it but he doesn't have that ability. So I think this is kind of a it's not a one time thing, but we'll need to to do it and then make some changes and then do it again. And until we're happy to tour satisfied that it's correct. I think so. I thought it was I'll just request that from Josh and since he's familiar with third party, that's, that covers one and two. I don't know does that that makes sense. Three is validate the act is have Dwayne battled it, Dwayne work with the district's validated actors with district banks accounts receivable. So I don't know But if you look at the first report I attached, which shows this one, this is a standard report Josh has created that says it baby. So what we're concerned about is that this shows as of 12, we want to record like this that we can sign off on that as of 1231 these this is AR for this company. There's a few glitches here that we'll have to fix yet but get step one, okay, hence the reason for Josh to give us a way to go back in time and request request that and so once we have that to where we're satisfied with it, then well okay, let's let's take a look at the sheds do rake one No, that's so we split AR two district eggs which should say it's all non SDI and then shifted to red and or we have two one shows jets right AR the other shows everything else. The reason we split them is we've split responsible on the inside being responsible for the SDI one and then Dwayne and or the district's for the other one. So but basically the same story just a bunch of steps I need to go through to push that information back into assists we've kind of been frustrated right cannon that outside of assists. So we're I think where I want to get to is is six or what's most helpful right now is to keep only the transactions to reflect the invoices listed on AR records. So if we look at the attached invoice send along an email or so this one has. So if there's still 784 It hasn't been collected on we do have a payment of 500. So if we look at just this one, how should they what transactions should we say in assist accounting to properly reflect this like the most simplistic would be to just have a debit of 784 for those files for this invoice screen and then when we receive that payment sometime in 23 You know it's linked to that and it moves out of AR But like what do we do with the 500 we there's no reason to 500 can't stay around both when it entered AR and when it moved out of AR I think

Matthias Miller  1:03:12
so I don't know if this is helpful or not but these are the these are the transactions that would

Matthias Miller  1:03:29
that would be triggered by default.

Speaker 3  1:03:33
So that's what we have in that that's what it says to Joe's car currently.

Matthias Miller  1:03:50
In 72 little easier reach

Matthias Miller  1:04:12
our Merchant RPM

Speaker 3  1:04:24
Okay, so on 10 Six was invoice and 1280 for the full amount became, okay, AR one two. And then on Kenny live on the game it made it 500.

Speaker 3  1:04:45
So, on AR we would have a debit of 1284 and then a credit of 500. Yeah, so those would be the only two trends actions in AR for this invoice, right? Correct. And that is exactly what we want to keep, as of right.

Matthias Miller  1:05:17
We've talked about what happens with all these other accounts. But yeah, I mean that that would reflect reality

Speaker 3  1:05:30
so Okay, Matthias, once we come to you with like, for AR specifically once we come to you and we say, Okay, this AR report is is accurate, this number at the bottom we live in for 4342 or whatever. And these are the breakdowns? What, what do you need to do? What do we need to do? What are the steps to make all the transactions equal that?

Matthias Miller  1:06:04
Well, I suspect if, if you guys do your job, right, they will cross your fingers. But if not, then we need to, I don't know that there's really anything besides probably you come to me and say they don't match? Can you please figure out why? Or give us tools to hunt it down? Using the account balance diagnostic report or something similar?

Speaker 3  1:06:34
You're saying so if we would say well, on this one, actually, there was a payment of $784 made back in January, before we were pushing that to account, then we'd go apply that payment, and it would then appear after the nightly update, it would appear in an accounting.

Matthias Miller  1:06:55
Yeah, but Well, if you have any, do you have any AR Aging more than about 180 days? Wow,

Speaker 3  1:07:06
we do. There's there's a purchase direct, there's a whole bunch of old stuff sound from 22 that we're going to want to push into reflect reality, you've been able to net 30. But AR for more than a year ago is debatable, but I think that's where we would start is.

Matthias Miller  1:07:26
So that's where I would I mean, because we're I believe we said we were automatically going to automatically push any transactions from June on and then reconcile the differences. And so any AR I would think we would need a man manual journal entry for any AR prior to June if that's indeed your start date.

Speaker 3  1:07:56
And that could be done with other transactional stuff would it make trouble with it not being linked to human beings Lincoln

Unknown Speaker  1:08:08
70 Whatever is

Matthias Miller  1:08:19
that and that's where we were talking about having a

Matthias Miller  1:08:30
so this is a this looks like an automatic transaction. But don't touch it. So that we could pick and choose. Well, I don't think we want to go down this route. One thing we could do is

Matthias Miller  1:09:00
Yeah, I think one of the places where we were thinking of going was

Matthias Miller  1:09:11
how would we do this? Thinking Thinking Thinking Thinking different ways. Okay, the bottom line of what we probably want if we want to be able to reconcile balances for specific buildings within AR or specific sales orders within AR in the future and handle these Ss these SDI sales orders is we need a way to maybe we just

Matthias Miller  1:09:46
we need a way to be able to manually input these as if they're accounting impact records. But don't have accounting impact mess with them. This would let us how's it

Speaker 2  1:10:03
yeah I think that's right like be able to tell the building that it's paid without generating the kind of impact

Matthias Miller  1:10:13
Yeah or or the inverse for anything outstanding in AR create an accounting impact transaction that historical accounting impact transaction so that when we go in the future want to tie out balances that we can cross linked those what that would let us do then is whenever we close a period all of those accounting impact transactions would freeze and we would effectively apply accounting impact only from that from the most after the most recent closing date theoretically need to think through the implications but

Matthias Miller  1:11:02
so I think this is something like.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:18
The ink

Matthias Miller  1:12:33
Ceiling

Matthias Miller  1:13:23
okay So.

Matthias Miller  1:14:41
Okay let me think about this a little bit so, maybe

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
didn't we say that we were going to have an accounting process where We we we manually archive an income statement and balance sheet for prior year and then look for shifts in those numbers to catch squirrely things that happened as a at least at a minimum a temporary workaround

Speaker 2  1:15:20
yeah I think we had said something like that several months ago

Matthias Miller  1:15:46
this that greatly reduces my nervousness about it

Matthias Miller  1:15:59
so I think what I'm proposing

Unknown Speaker  1:16:16
So, your audience?

Matthias Miller  1:17:07
think this would do it we let you okay here we say go live date is May 1 In Indiana, May 31 in North Carolina and Ohio. We create a process by which you can pick a sales order and say go create a historical accounting impact and ignore this start date just go create it and it goes and creates it. And then we can and then during our normal accounting impact reconcile, we never touched anything prior to these dates. So whether you create a historical accounting impact transaction prior to it, whether you use or automatic feature, anything like that, we will never avoid those transactions, they will continue in perpetuity. And what that allows us to do then is to selectively create accounting impact for sales orders in AR from a historical standpoint. And what it could even allow us to do then is bumped the starting dates to January 1 24. All those old records would hang around but with not would not change. And in fact what it could mean that in that case is I think I'd have to think through I'd have to think through some details what would happen if.

Matthias Miller  1:19:20
There is a possibility that we could then fold these settings on to the accounting company and we'd only have one set of settings with an effective date. And then each time you change settings, you need to make sure you update the effective date. I would need to think that through just a little bit but it could blow fi that somewhat

Speaker 2  1:19:55
with this also, in a sense mixer you can call Oh, prior years annually, yeah, that would be

Matthias Miller  1:20:04
good. Yeah. We do this. So I want to group by this to be a sum I wanted to group by.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:43
Be

Unknown Speaker  1:20:49
a bit wider than we should be word by two.

Matthias Miller  1:21:02
Yes, we could actually get away with. And then if, if an event was previously recorded prior to the effective date. Okay, let's let me let me write this out, and then I'll, I'll talk it through, I'm afraid I'm gonna lose it. Because we have a, because we have a guarantee of there only being one transaction based on a vent type plus record id plus or GID. We can simply avoid updating records, if they are dated prior to the effective date. This is just This is just beyond. Fantastic. So then if you Okay, so then the cool thing about this is you have a sales order. Okay, you somebody marks the payment as December 31. And, and, and then we say, Okay, we're gonna close out the bucks, we're going to change it to January. And so now we're going Starting with January 1 Moving forward, somebody goes back into sales or changes that to January 4, it's going to recognize that this particular transaction was already existed prior to the effective date, therefore, or effectively prior to close. Therefore, we are not going to modify that.

Speaker 2  1:23:04
And it would just, it would just not allow you to modify it, you'd have to rewrite a new one.

Matthias Miller  1:23:09
Well, I mean, I think I don't know how we want to handle that. I mean, it's very easy to make it just silently not do anything. Ideally, we have this job written up that doesn't let you modify things that are going to result in historical impact changes. And so, or historical accounting impact changes. Until we write that what would happen is we could probably give you a report, I think we'd give you a report for

Matthias Miller  1:23:50
for discrepancies

Matthias Miller  1:23:57
are we good? Here's what we could do well

Matthias Miller  1:24:06
I think we could have their nightly process worn in this case. So we'd start getting warnings. And then you'd have to go back in change it back so you stopped getting the warning or you have to manually update that transaction to match.

Matthias Miller  1:24:28
I don't know what I'm missing, but this makes me happy. I think this could actually work really well.

Matthias Miller  1:24:47
So then that would also mean that. The other implication is that if you change your cost per no if you change your mind If you change any of this mapping really and you have a in the middle of the year, for whatever reason, and you change, then then if the effective date is January 1, we'll go rewrite all the transactions for the current year with the new account, if you change it to the middle of the year, then you're probably more likely to have little date changes or something that make things cross the boundaries. And there might be some things that don't quite land in the right account, like you'd expect and you get some warnings, you have to go clean him up, but it gets cleaned up, you find out about it.

Matthias Miller  1:25:53
And then I think the other thing I would change is change the well.

Matthias Miller  1:26:24
I like it a lot. But mostly Yeah. Anyway, what are your thoughts

Speaker 2  1:26:32
on the weekend, say middle of February go in and rewrite those and set them for January 1. And it would work as of the first date not the middle of February.

Matthias Miller  1:26:48
Yes, you would go in, you can change the settings anywhere throughout the throughout the year. And it would update everything from the effective date forward, right. Or if you didn't want to touch January, you could make it be effective starting in February 1. Go forward from there. If you make a mistake, and you accidentally applied to January but didn't want to then you roll back your changes, set effective date to January 1, run it set the effective date to January or February 1, make your changes and then run it moving forward from there.

Speaker 3  1:27:28
So are we like I'm kinda slow to catch on here. What what we're saying is we'll make all the changes that we need to in 23. Then once we're happy with that, then we'll set the FGI that set that date to what would be January 1 of 24, which will affect the blue trees. All transactions prior to that. Is that? Yes,

Speaker 2  1:28:00
we can physically close the 23 books, which means we don't have to wipe it all out. Yeah, exactly. The water be added to it. Creating changes. So why

Speaker 3  1:28:18
would we not worry about any? Hardly any transactions at all, then in 2003?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:23
Or prior to? Law? I don't think we need to

Matthias Miller  1:28:30
know you just have a an adjustment entry on December 31 to reconcile the differences.

Speaker 2  1:28:40
Yes, yes. That's by far the best solution we've come across yet.

Matthias Miller  1:28:51
How will I also go ahead. I also really really liked the performance improvements, we're going to see I think significant performance improvements and accounting impact by pushing this on to the company settings and and never being able to have more than one set of financial allocation rules.

Speaker 2  1:29:14
I'm just thinking like, let's say let's say you you've set it for January 1, and then you want to set really, you know, put another allocation in there at the end of the first quarter. And then you decide to add let's take that first quarter one out. And you remove that one and you go back to just beginning of the year and running what you had there. You would effectively open up for changes to be pushed into that period, right?

Matthias Miller  1:29:53
Yes, you would. So if you saw my phone Is there only be one, okay, these become company specific settings with an effective date. And you cannot have multiple multiple of these per company. So if you decide, on April 1 24, I'm paranoid, I'm going to do something I don't want to

Matthias Miller  1:30:30
if you decide that on April 1 2024, you are changing your default income account to building materials. And hit save, then all transactions from just from from there on is going to be the default income, it's going to be building materials, you get to the end of April, and you're like, that was a really bad idea. Then you roll this back to with the effective date of one 124, you set the default income account to buildings. And most likely, it will wreak a little bit of havoc in your it may wreak some havoc in some of your reconciles. Actually, it shouldn't, though, unless you're changing the payment account. You reconcile should continue to be fine. Yeah, we'll go back. Yeah, exactly. But if you if you would change your payment accounts? Well, it's just your payment. It's really just your payment accounts.

Speaker 2  1:31:37
Yeah, change those reconciling? So? Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:31:41
So what do you mean by moving the FDI allocation or the FDI DS to the company records, like

Matthias Miller  1:31:53
in currently, the way it stands, you can say, as of January 1, I want raw materials to go into this account. And if you would want to, you can make a copy of this thing. And say, then effective February 1, we're going to move raw materials into a different account. I know this doesn't make sense, but bear with me. And so so then we look at a building and say dear building where you built in between January 1 After on or after January 1, but before February 1, if so use this account, otherwise use the prepaid account. So it effectively allows us to keep automatically updating accounting for for either closed periods or recent history or something like that

Matthias Miller  1:33:00
and instead of that, what I'm proposing is, well, there's really no reason why to be running FTI or accounting impact settings for anything but whatever your current period is, we never want to go modify historical ones. So what this becomes instead is there's one effective date for accounting impact every event that happens on or after that gets recorded and updated in accounting anything prior to that gets left as is

Speaker 3  1:33:35
and anything prior to that couldn't even

Matthias Miller  1:33:40
edit Well, you could probably manually edit it depending on how the closing process what you did on the closing process on the accounting side. But if you use the accounting software's closing process, then you wouldn't even be able to edit that and what would you do would have to do is create some kind of journal entry some kind of corrective journal entry somewhere

Speaker 3  1:34:04
and what is the accounting process the accounting systems closing process is that that's something new that you're building or is that guy

Matthias Miller  1:34:18
oh it's basically just a lock. I've never used this before. But there's a lock accounting period and then transactions on or prior to that date cannot be entered modified or deleted.

Speaker 3  1:34:43
And okay, clarify what you meant by one. He said there can only be one like accounting period. Are you saying that you can only at all times you only have one If you only have the current time period, open where you can modify and edit any transactions.

Matthias Miller  1:35:10
Yes. So, as it stands now, well, okay, there's two things to clarify one. We could look at combining these as well, I don't know that we want to or need to, but we could.

Speaker 3  1:35:29
Now, how does this go ahead? I follow another question then. But

Matthias Miller  1:35:35
let me let me explain this. But on the accounting system side, you you can close you can, you can lock a period, basically. And all that means is, when you do that end of year, nobody should go back and modify things after you've closed the books. It's done. Past we're moving on. And so the accounting system has that capability. Then what I'm also proposing on the accounting impact side of things is that that accounting impact happens only on a window from some kind of historical window through today or the future. And so if you say accounting impact should, and you just basically say, what dates should accounting impact apply to? Is it January 1 forward? And then if you want to change settings, and you want to do that middle of the year, you can, but then you say accounting impact now runs from February 1, forward, and January transactions are going to remain untouched.

Speaker 2  1:36:37
That makes sense. That would be for things that get pushed through from inventory. Like you could actually go into county right at transaction and that January period, as long as you didn't close the accounting on that side. Correct?

Matthias Miller  1:36:52
Yes. And then. And then if you let's say you have something effective February 1, if you go try manually creating some kind of fancy transaction that looks like it's an accounting impact transaction, we'll go void it for you, because it should be there. But prior to that, if there's any kind of finagling that you need to do when accounting impact you can.

Speaker 3  1:37:18
Now, the the effective date, what is the date that it will use to determine where it can push accounting? Transactions? Is it this effect? Okay, now, we, I think we had set that to where it's, you have you can have a different date for raw materials, a different date for production labor, and a different date for production overhead.

Matthias Miller  1:37:50
The percentages, okay. So the accounts that it go to is one date, but the these percentages are different dates, the percentage that gets applied are different dates, and then on the builder and then also the inventory percentages are Date Specific trick.

Speaker 3  1:38:23
Okay, go if you go back to the FDI allocation, that okay, so raw materials, the cost category, like we have different dates for each FDI pause category do we allow?

Matthias Miller  1:38:37
On the building record? Well, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:38:43
The thought was that we would probably update materials on labor and labor overhead orderly with that effect.

Matthias Miller  1:38:59
No, this would that would not be effective. So what would happen is if you change this is a little bit like flying helicopter. So apologies. But if you change this to three, one, so effective March, we're going to we're going to keep accounting impact records up to date going forward, and we're not going to touch anything historically. Then you go over here and you say, in February one, we're changing the rate from we're changing the inventory material percentage from 38% to 40%.

Matthias Miller  1:39:48
That's never going to make it the February buildings are never going to make it into accounting, because we stopped updating them now If you leave this just as is January 1, which you probably should, and you say, okay, effective, effective February 1, we're moving into 40%, this is going to hang on a minute.

Matthias Miller  1:40:24
I mean, then then this is still going to create, update and maintain any accounting impact transactions from January 1 going forward. And then it says, Oh, this building, I forget all the nuances and details. This does get stored when the building is built. Do we go back? And I think that's what it happens, or do we record it as a variance? I don't remember completely, but you would. But from you know, starting in February, if you change the date, that percentage of February than February buildings would start storing the 40% number, which is what we get pushed to accounting. Now, the one place that gets weird is we might need to consider, yeah. Well, no, waiting on schedule. Yeah. When you apply actual costs, you want to make sure that you apply actual costs on or after this date, the actual costs get pushed to accounting as well.

Speaker 3  1:41:44
But what's going to happen if we have like, going down by actual costs, on different schedules?

Speaker 2  1:41:52
As long as it's after that date, it would update that actual cost would update back to that date on that patient?

Matthias Miller  1:42:01
Right, my understanding would be that you would

Matthias Miller  1:42:10
okay, this is the test system. So we do 131, the cost is $10,000, we preview this, let's actually do this for 23. So that we can

Matthias Miller  1:42:29
period dates must be within a year. Yes, you're right, they must duplicates are not allowed. I was in the wrong year, we have some for the prior years.

Matthias Miller  1:42:46
So here when we apply changes

Matthias Miller  1:42:55
I think 731. Okay, so the main thing that would need to happen. Is that when you? Okay, let's, let's edit this, we're going to add another one, we're going to put in August 831. And this is.

Matthias Miller  1:43:35
900,000 And so, the main thing is you need to make sure that your so when you apply this, the deltas for variances and cost differences are going to be applied on August 31. At the end of period so will we will

Speaker 3  1:43:59
after 731 Because that was the prior that the priority, right? Right.

Matthias Miller  1:44:07
So for all buildings from eight, one to 2023, this is the wrong year from eight one to 831. You calculate the difference? That would be why that was so horribly wrong. So you know, I don't know if you so for these buildings, it would apply the actual costs, it would set the actual cost effective date to 831 23. As long as the accounting impact effective date is 831 or earlier than those would get pushed into accounting if for some reason. And we just have an error if you try to apply actual costs prior to the accounting impact, effective date, basically, you just you need to have that be effective as it that day to play those, those changes. Okay, so

Speaker 3  1:45:03
that accounting impact date is. So we have there's like three different dates one is the date you, you lock the accounting system like at end of year and a quarter end of month, whatever we're it literally locks all transactions. And then the second date is you also have another date that what were you calling the second date? That your

Matthias Miller  1:45:29
accounting impact effective date?

Matthias Miller  1:45:36
That would be another date. Another date would be standard. raw, raw materials, standard costs, date, production labor standard cost date,

Speaker 3  1:45:54
and utos. Are the standard cost dates are the percentage as you said for standard costing? Yes. Okay, but what about the actual what is the, when you apply actual cost? Is that still another date? Or is that same LLC? Okay. So do we currently have? Yeah. That's when you at the end of the month, nothing changes with those. But do we currently have an accounting impact effective date?

Matthias Miller  1:46:34
Yes, we do. The big change is that I'm proposing that instead of having being able to have multiple accounting impact, you know, I mean, here's impact rules for from January to March. And here's rules from April to May, instead of saying we can have multiple, we just say we you can only have one is just when do you want to kind of impact to be doing its thing. And anything prior to that is historical data that we're not going to touch?

Speaker 3  1:47:03
And so what's going to Okay, I think that makes and this is going to be per company. So

Matthias Miller  1:47:09
Correct.

Speaker 3  1:47:13
Drew is your thoughts? How often would you set that during the year like, obviously, end of year 23? But are you thinking that would be throughout the year? Well,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:24
I mean, here's what I would think, pretty much, you you set it at the end of the year.

Speaker 2  1:47:37
And then you let it run annually, because you can change. You can change your percentages. And you can update those things along the way as you go. And it still feeds into accounting correctly for the current period, then at the end of the period, when we say okay, we think we're done with our adjustments, then you would, then you would update that effective date to to the end of the period beginning of the new period. And then if you have any journal entries to make for the year and accounting, you would make those and then you would close the thing you would lock the account, you would lock the accounting system like you would you would block so that we don't have any more feet in coming from inventory, allowing you to get your year done. I think it's Yeah, so

Speaker 3  1:48:36
Okay, that's great. But I think I'm starting to understand so the accounting impact effective date means that nothing can nothing done in assists, can can push to accounting, the only thing that can happen in accounting at that point is journal entries or manual manual worked on blocking the accounting system makes it you can't even do that you can't do any of them at that point. You

Speaker 2  1:49:04
have to at that point, you would need to write a journal entry in the new year saying here's an adjustment for so and so that happened last year.

Speaker 3  1:49:11
Okay. So what do you mean by day after accounting impact close like?

Matthias Miller  1:49:22
I mean, I'm just there are two dates. You can think of it one of two ways. You can think of what is the latest accounting impact close date as in December 31. Don't touch anything prior to this. Or you can think of it as effective date only only use it from January 1 going forward. And depending on your frame of mind, one way of looking at it makes the most sense, but they're practically I mean, it's just day differences based on perspective.

Speaker 3  1:49:55
The one thing from this day, this day and everything prior You can't make any changes the other saying,

Matthias Miller  1:50:02
Yeah, whatever it

Unknown Speaker  1:50:03
was actually through this the next day and for

Matthias Miller  1:50:08
one of my dad's favorite saying six of one and half a dozen of the other

Speaker 3  1:50:19
Well, yeah. With this allow us to, okay, what what's going to happen after we close the, to keep them in sync? Like we, we set an accounting impact effective date?

Speaker 3  1:50:40
Let's say we set at 1231. And then we say, oh, on January 5, on January 15, we say, Oh, here's the payment from last year that we hadn't recorded, we go recorded. It obviously can't push to accounting as of that day, like, will it just simply be stranded? Or will it throw an error?

Matthias Miller  1:51:02
I think we'll have a warning in the nightly process. And you have to go in and change the sales or repayment date to whenever you want it to be recorded. And just make a note that this was supposed to be last year, but we missed it.

Speaker 2  1:51:17
Oh, well, you would have to write, especially if it's like money received, you would have to it would have to push into the current period.

Matthias Miller  1:51:30
Yeah, it would. And then whatever cleanup you have to do, you have to create manual, some kind of manual cleanup for it. I think it's just warnings. And you have to go figure out manually how to how to deal with each situation. I don't think there's any one size fits all. Right,

Speaker 2  1:51:48
right. I mean, commonly something like that, we probably would have written something in a record, like if we have everything reconciled. Any money coming in, that we didn't have record of would have been caught in the reconcile for the statement, the bank account, and we would have just written something. So I don't know where this comes from. But money came from sales, when we just be finding documentation for it later.

Matthias Miller  1:52:16
really correct. And then you might have a once, you know, once that payment shows up. I mean, I think you

Matthias Miller  1:52:37
I think what you ended up wanting to do. Or the other thing you could do is have the payment dated as of today, or as of the historical date put into zero amount if we can, if that if we handle that appropriately, and just say, hey, this was received, the actual amount was this amount we received it, we didn't know where it came from, it's recorded here. Nothing more to do, except then you need to adjust the transaction. So would you could do? Well,

Speaker 2  1:53:07
well, if you had a way to just, I mean, a lot of those kinds of adjustments to historical time periods is simply just a bunch of notes. And, you know, this is what it is. And, and here, we can actually just find the other transaction, copy a link and put a link in the notes and saying here's the other side of it.

Matthias Miller  1:53:30
Exactly. And then the zero the sales order balance you, you make a payment with with the write off and say this is paid in the prior year. And here's the thing, you see notes, or $0 payment with a write off. This is already paid. Yeah. Yeah. So there's there's ways running

Speaker 3  1:53:50
it could we use that accounting impact date, like at the end of the month, we get to the end of the month, and we say end of January, we set the accounting impact effective date, January 31. And so somebody, February 2 to February 3, somebody comes along and tries to invoice for something, we say, well, candidate throws an error. Could we get to the point where it would just the person invoicing, we just happen to do his thing. But the accounting would say, Wow, you tried that period, it's close. So I'm going to just automatically date it as to one of the first day of the next period. And is moving like it would seems to me. Larry was talking about something similar that he does work. He locks certain parts down like invoicing at the end of the month so that he can generate income statements and you know, things happening at the end of it.

Matthias Miller  1:54:56
Yes. So what I would envision happening there's that change requests written up for this. But what I would envision happening is, if you bump that forward and somebody tries to enter payment for December 31, we would give an error when you entered the payment, saying, accounting, accounting, put a stone wall here, you cannot enter something for January 30. And then, you know, it's either enter in the future or backdated or some something. Probably,

Speaker 3  1:55:33
what are your thoughts doing? Should we start out with warnings? And then then look, if we want to, just dated as I

Speaker 2  1:55:43
think so I think we have a lot of cleanup of cross, like, if everybody knows that that's going to happen, they're going to be put forth a little more effort to make sure they get their stuff entered when it needs to be. You know, and we want to let everybody know about closing dates. And just like I think we have some cleanup process before we Yeah, lock it down too hard or go to a monthly closing. My thing for this size of a system monthly closing would be excellent. Because if not, every for every month statements, you know, like you could always, they're never going to match the previous month because something would have changed. Right? Yeah. But I'm not quite sure if we're ready.

Matthias Miller  1:56:32
And we can, I think I think in between step is close it monthly, but have drew get the warnings when things shift. That's, or maybe it's somebody in Dwayne's office that goes and hunts them down and tells her I'm not convinced that you'll get the right behavior just by saying, okay, a warning, I don't know what they might say, I don't know what that means. I don't know what to do about it, I'm just going to do it anyway. Or they might say, I don't know what that means. I don't know what to do about it, I'm just gonna bump it up to today's date, which might not be the right approach either. If you do an error, you've got the same kind of issue. And so having those feed through drew in the short term is going to be really obnoxious for him. But it's going to surface the process issues and be able to articulate a process of how things need to work.

Speaker 2  1:57:25
Well, I would want 23 needs to be I mean, we need some way that it does not get right. But so, so yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:57:40
we, we could have a in the short term we could have once we get these notes look deceptively simple. There's a good bit of work that's involved in here. But once we get past this, we could we could give errors for any transaction edits to historical locked accounting periods. So that's a straight up error. But the accounting impact effective date filters through to Drew until we can figure out what to clean up the process and such.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:19
Yeah

Speaker 3  1:58:24
we do already have the accounting impact, effective date, right?

Speaker 2  1:58:29
We do but it doesn't. Like Well, if we would move that to January 1. Is that going to do it? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:58:45
It's gonna it's gonna avoid all your 23 transactions. You don't want to do that yet.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:52
Yeah, I figure it's gonna be bad news. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:59:04
All right. So back to my list. Is that are you guys good on this? I'm really happy with this. I don't know.

Speaker 3  1:59:11
Thanks for taking the time. The patients that explain it to me.

Matthias Miller  1:59:17
Oh, gladly happy to do that. Alright, vendor Okay, so remaining on the list. Do you guys want to I'm fine taking taking some more time to work through. We've got 30 Maybe 45 minutes that I can use to talk through vendor credits and the process for moving payments. Would you guys want to take a five minute break and reconvene or do you wanna else no mind tabling this for another time if you guys prefer what's good for you?

Speaker 2  1:59:56
I mean, I'm probably fine on these to table them. For now, but

Speaker 3  2:00:02
like, Oh, you're saying there's not, they don't feel that urgent to you.

Speaker 2  2:00:09
Like the, this vendor credit thing is largely kind of hung up on the whole pay multiple Ach, multiple invoices by ACH issue anyway. So

Speaker 3  2:00:27
now I had I probably made it may take, but I had noticed that vendor credits is a Joshi issue that came up with him. Is that is that you?

Matthias Miller  2:00:37
Well, I think it's Josh, if you want me to dig into it, I'm open to it and seeing if there's anything that I can contribute to it, but I would, I'd be happy to have it be a Josh issue. I mean, I think it's reasonable. But

Speaker 3  2:00:52
do your thinking. Thanks. More pay multiple invoices by ACH first, and then this could limp along for some time with these negative invoices. Yeah. Who needs to do the, like, pay multiple invoices by credit card? Or is that such an edge case? And someone talking about?

Speaker 2  2:01:15
It would be nice to have that possibility? I mean, it really is just a matter of you say these three all got paid manually together as one page? What I did I just, I just did that. Yesterday, and I just in the in the payment ID. I just put the total what's the amount just to make it show up? Just to bring the to tie the two together? He didn't show up on my right. That's where I need to be able to, you know, if I if I didn't pay in one amount? not have it split out. But

Matthias Miller  2:02:01
well, I mean, do you want to talk about? Yeah, I think I'm happy to go where you want if we're gonna keep going like quick break. If we want to table this, as far as vendor credits and vendor invoices themselves, that's a Josh issue multiple payments and credit cards. Sounds like that could lean in my court. It also sounds like multiple payments by ACH could also be related to that. Well,

Speaker 2  2:02:31
I would say there's probably plenty already this week. So it's not like you'd get to it this week anyway. No, we might as well just table it until until later.

Speaker 3  2:02:44
Is the moving payments on a sales order? Is that something that's painful for? For Dwayne right now that that needs to be done soon?

Matthias Miller  2:02:55
I don't think so. Okay, well, yeah, I don't think so. I think they have a really relatively good process. I basically just want to get you guys to well, you know, rather than answering for Dwayne, let me

Matthias Miller  2:03:29
I think either way, we've got plenty. If he comes back and says it's a burning fire, we can negotiate, but I don't anticipate that. Okay.

Speaker 3  2:03:40
And then, okay, so we're good for now, what about three to date? Dropping all the way. See where we're at by then.

Matthias Miller  2:03:56
I am potentially not going to be available until closer to 330 or four. I don't have any I have more than what I need to keep me busy. Then left, so

Speaker 3  2:04:12
let's drop that. And then we'd regroup. Righty at three right.

Matthias Miller  2:04:19
Right here three. All right. Good, good. Sounds good. Yeah. Appreciate it. Yep. Thanks, guys. You bet.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai