Unknown Speaker  00:00
Razor market potential. Is there enough money in this case?

Unknown Speaker  00:27
Good morning. Good morning. How are you?

Matthias Miller  00:33
Pretty good.

Matthias Miller  00:42
I have my first ad running to get newsletter signups, and within 24 hours, I am getting them at 25 cents a subscriber. Wow, so and somehow Facebook is finding people who know me in some capacity. I'm not sure how it's doing that, but at least some of the people, Wow, interesting.

Unknown Speaker  01:19
Yeah, isn't interesting world we live in. Say to say the least. How are you I'm good. I'm good. How was your vacation?

Matthias Miller  01:37
I was good. It was I some

Matthias Miller  01:47
I have a love, hate relationship with camping, but it was good.

Speaker 1  01:57
We spent family, family reunion, right?

Matthias Miller  02:00
First, first a family, then camping with friends, first family, then camping with friends. So spent time with needed immediate family, and then with her extended family, and then, and then when camping with friends over the fourth so my my vacation with her family is a lot of chatting with my brother in law when we have a chance, and seeing after the kids so that my wife can enjoy family time. So works out,

Speaker 1  02:36
yeah, which explains the love hate part.

Matthias Miller  02:42
It is the love hate part. Yeah, sure. Let me put the kids down for nap. Then I can read, you know, catch up on some interesting memoir that I'm reading right now. Oh, I have to go put the kids down for adult I have to put the kids down and miss out on the campfire conversations. Yeah, it's all good, good, good.

Unknown Speaker  03:11
Well, where did you want to jump in today? There's a lot on the potential docket so,

Matthias Miller  03:24
so

Matthias Miller  03:37
I don't know what thread the poll I

Matthias Miller  03:49
um, we could explore, in some capacity, more ideas to help you gain readership. I've been thinking about the red pill thing, and it's just been so fun to see this thing evolve and take shape locally here, and it's been such a relief to I was talking with Audra. We have a very clear path for the next quarter. We had like a four or five hour, four hour planning session, three and a half. Very clear path for the next quarter, but it's boring, and I felt myself, you know, kind of tighten up in nervousness. It's, I don't see any like it's not guaranteed, it's not certain, but it's really a really positive path, and it's got some really good adjacent potential, like, it's just, it's the right thing, but the Explorer part of me gets very nervous about being locked in. But what's been really helpful is to have this blog where it's like, this is where the creative energy goes. Into I found myself thinking last night. I'm like, I have wanted to have a podcast for so long. And I'm like, Well, this is as simple as a text. Hey, bonita. I like, how about I take two afternoons or two evenings, a month or Saturday afternoon, one or two Saturday afternoons, whatever works for Hobby Time, and suddenly I've got a time slot to do podcasts. And so then my next thing is, well, I actually have an interest in interviewing artists, because I'm fascinated by their creative process, but this thing of union kind of keeps like tugging at me and like somewhere it feels to me like we've lost. I mean, it's what you're writing right now around marriage is so deeply fundamental to like, it's bedrock truth around marriage that works, but it's all built on this fundamental premise of union and in understanding that at a very deep level. And so I'm thinking it'd be very intriguing. So my first thought is, I'm going to do this is, I've got a brother in law and sister in law who, who are moody grads and and absolutely love these types of conversations. So, like, here's my first guest, and I'm not going to put any pressure. Like, like the blog. There's no pressure on it to be anything,

Unknown Speaker  06:41
yeah, it's just fun.

Matthias Miller  06:43
It's just fun. And I'm looking at ways to monetize. I have a chat GPT thread going on, why highly skilled people are underpaid, and I'm going to turn it into a little ebook, and it's going to be probably something I sell. I don't know like, but this is all just like, let's go on the adventure and brand I have to fit into. It's me, right? And so then I did some had chat GPT, do some research and and found, first an evangelical convert to Orthodoxy, which I find, which I'm very intrigued by, and intrigued around the conversation of, how do concepts of Theosis and union translate into evangelical Christianity, and where the disconnect gaps and and what I'm most interested in is, how do you how do you create So there's all these disconnected ideas that tie together. My friend runs a business. He has an employee. He's potentially on the spectrum, or has Asperger's or something like that. Is they're very conservative. Managed to get voted on their local public school board, and just questioned people, and by continuing to question people basically moved the Liberals to a conservative position. And this individual says that the hope of America is in small town, and always has been, always has been, well, it's fair. And so my thought then becomes, well, like, obviously you have the problem that no prophet is welcome in his hometown. And yet,

Speaker 1  08:31
it's funny you say that I'm writing a series right now on loneliness and profits.

Matthias Miller  08:37
Yeah, yeah, which there? Little rabbit trail with that too. But so my thought is like, well, doesn't it make logical sense to see to treat Canyon City as an experiment? Like, what would what if a red pill event would actually be a an event of pastoral leaders for a day, pastoral and other potentially. Well, in this particular case, I'm actually really interested in pastoral leaders, because if you can shape the fundamental view through which people view the gospel and view Jesus, and can integrate him into daily life and like, there's this ripple effect of secular divide. I got evangelized too by a Messianic Jew on the way back from Pennsylvania, and it just struck me how weird it was. Like, very friendly girl, I had to talk to him, but he's like, welcoming me to his congregation wants to make sure I'm saved and I'm like, like, you have a your good intention, but you have an agenda here that was really bizarre,

Unknown Speaker  09:55
coercive, coercive. You've lost. The thread.

Matthias Miller  10:04
So, so it changes everything, sacred, secular, divides, all this stuff. And so what would it look like? Is there a way in which that leaven can be needed into our local community, and what does that and, and so if we do an event, I think it would be far easier to mean, I think there needs to be some more definition around what this actually is, but, but it's something along and I don't know if it's private invitation. I don't know what this looks like, but to me, it just seems like the logical next step. If I don't have this ambitious I don't feel like it's this deep, ambitious quote call to, like, change the way the world sees this. But there's this tugging at, I wonder what kind of curiosity about what could happen if we engaged with this. So that's an avenue to explore well,

Speaker 1  11:18
because it strikes me if it weren't about curiosity and wonder in this area, and you would be no different than the guy you were talking with on the way back from Pennsylvania, there'd be an agenda

Matthias Miller  11:34
well, and it struck me yesterday that if you demand certainty

Unknown Speaker  11:42
from God.

Matthias Miller  11:44
You demand certainty from God, then the thing that you become certain about becomes God, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  11:58
And what would be the motivation for demanding certainty?

Matthias Miller  12:02
I mean, it's, it's self protection, ultimately, right?

Unknown Speaker  12:07
So that becomes your God.

Matthias Miller  12:09
So that becomes your God, by the way, there's another is also another tale. See, we get down these topics like path forward, isn't it interesting? That mean, isn't, isn't there some element in which Adam and Eve in the garden that clothing became like their first response was self protection, as evidenced by them first hiding in response to shame, but also clothing themselves, and then God responding and saying, no, actually, I want to be and provide your protection. I mean, it's a very metaphorical look at the at the account, but I just found that very interesting as popped into my brain in the last two weeks.

Matthias Miller  12:56
Then the third thing piece that I kind of mentioned, okay, so you this Theosis podcast idea? I think there's a question too. Would you want to hop on these podcasts? Should we do these things together and see if we can coordinate a time?

Speaker 1  13:18
I'd love these conversations. Yeah, like I'd love to be to have it as the conversation and what whoever's there, and then what does it look like moving forward?

Matthias Miller  13:29
Yeah. And I think, I mean, I think just with these I just, I want to find a few guests. I just want to talk to them about this idea and explore it with them. I don't know what else to do. I I don't feel like I'm versed in Orthodox theology by any imagination. But I think some of these people that I've found through chatgpt research would be great people. And Perry Perry Perry Marshall said that when he started his podcast, the first I think first two guests ended up becoming lifelong friends and deep partners in what he's doing. So it's you never know what can evolve, but it becomes an easy way to do an introduction to a complete stranger who might share some common ground. So I will create community out of it, and create community out of it. And I think the core idea of I really think, I mean, this is just my opinion perspective, but I think that union and curiosity and all the things that surround it end up becoming the nucleus of whatever this thing is, and it's the calling card. And we let it, once you have that nucleus, we just let it organically emerge. So there's that idea. Then the third idea is, this is very much. This is, this is the productization version of every. Everything that you're writing right now. But there's, I think there's absolutely a world in which you could have a union series that I talked about, union with God, union with self, union in church, union and marriage, union in the workplace. And at the point that you have something packaged like that, then you can start, then you actually have something tangible. Here is a thing. And I don't know if this is the kind of thing you want to do, and it might, you might flip it on its head, so it's not a imagine. I mean, okay, so the commercialized version is the weekend seminar, the non commercial, commercialized version is a collaborative conversation, yeah, with round tables like, let's go to a church or a business and have round tables with six people at each round table, then let's facilitate, maybe a little bit of a teaching but facilitated, collaborative conversation, curious conversation, and then becomes the, I mean, that really could become an income stream for you, and especially if you can move into, I mean, I don't know. I mean, this is whatever this is. This is just me, like my brain, just running wild with ideas. But if you can take this into like cultural conversations and business conflict management, other types of things like that, or whatever, you know, even productivity and performance like these, all integrate into that. That becomes the pitch and the label. And basically you are slapping a how do you make more money on top of this. And how do you keep people longer? But the that's the capsule of the pill, and the pill is these conversations and these concepts of union and in relationships, right, right? You create a facilitated experience. And so if you could do that, and if you can do one a month and charge 10 grand for it, I think that would take a tremendous I mean, this is all again, a wild brainstorming, but it could make a tremendous and if it's in a corporate setting, which is a whole other game that I'm not deeply familiar with, but I Have a friend who is that number could be more like, you know, 20 to 30 grand, or something like that, right? So I don't know, what's it or we can just talk about interesting ideas. I really

Speaker 1  17:39
don't know. I I like all of that, and, yeah, it's almost like I felt for a couple years that this was being birthed, is like the labor pains. And I feel that there's a sense that now is the time for this to move forward. And how does that happen? Is the, is the question for me, because, I mean, you know me well enough, like thought process, writing, communication, that's great love to do it. I'm good at it. But the, the the the logistics and the the How to and the mark, all that kind of stuff I'm not good at understand. Yeah, I really like the idea of the and have for a long time, the round table, the curious conversation that you start with a theme. Theme is union, and then you you, you invite people under that theme. But every conversation you have looks a little bit different because it's simply just a a theme, and then we run with it, yes, whatever that conversation looks like in that moment. So each one is utterly unique because of the members that make up the round table,

Matthias Miller  19:13
which means that you as a facilitator, get a really beautiful level of depth of understanding, because you see across a wide spectrum of people, and their response to the topic

Speaker 1  19:28
Exactly. And I think that content, like the written content, a lot of the written content that I share is because of that exposure to so many personalities and diverse circumstances, but then each time you do it, it's you create a new level of nuance to it, right?

Matthias Miller  19:55
So does it resonate? You of having, I mean, I know there's things like forgiveness that we've talked about. There's, by the way, I haven't written the article, but I have a draft had written or published the article, but I have a draft of an article that that references research about loneliness versus cancer, and what's the other one? The other another kind of killer. But I think that that makes a compelling hook like this one thing, if you're over 50, this one thing that nobody is is talking about, puts you had a greater risk of death than cancer. And of course, it needs to be substantiated. I need to make sure the claims accurate. But something like that, and you're like, you want to talk about fear of loss of life, right? And even worse than that, loss of quality of life, probably for many people, but, but lots of them would, most would probably prefer loss of life over loss of quality of life. I think most would I venture to guess eventually, guess, although, I mean, life is like the greatest loss aversion fear possible, probably, besides, loss of money is a huge one. Um, especially, oh yeah, retirement age, it's like, how do I protect what I have exactly?

Speaker 1  21:27
There's a talking about loneliness just, just for a second. There's this quote I came across from Carl young, and I think it kind of goes with what you're saying. He said, loneliness does not come from having no people around you, but from being unable to communicate the things that seem important to you, loneliness is rarely about empty rooms. Is about carrying carrying words you cannot say in truth so you do not feel safe to share. Healing is learning to speak what matters most so you are no longer alone with it. This is the work of letting yourself be seen and known for who you really are. And that's the union piece, right? Is the union

Matthias Miller  22:07
piece? Yeah? Well, I mean, so this one way to position this is as and this is very much the marketing side of me. I'm not completely sure if I like this or not, but basically, dear church, we have a crisis, and what are we going to do about it? And we have an opinion about where the root of the crisis lies, and it's around this concept of union, because we believe that if we can get this foundational element settled, then it has a ripple effect on how we see scripture and how we apply scripture and how we pastor people, right? Ultimately ends up, we all say Jesus is the answer, but we've all been in situations where we failed see him, yeah,

Speaker 1  22:59
but to what question, I think that's the key thing, Jesus is the answer. But to what question, and that, at least, my view looking at, or, you know, Orthodox evangelical Christianity, over the last three decades in America, it's been he's the answer to your fears. We scare you into those pews if you're not here, there is no eternal life. Yes, instead of it seemed a fear motivation to me, and it's all coercive. But what if the message changed? Where Jesus is the answer to loneliness, because union is the answer to loneliness, and it's about feeling free to share what it is that you're experiencing, what you're thinking, what you're feeling, what your internal dialog is, in a space where you can do that.

Matthias Miller  24:15
But then the natural question is self protection within the context of church. So how do we protect our church? I mean literally, this very issue is what got me fired, because I wasn't willing to give the certainty where I didn't have it, and these types of conversations really couldn't exist. Well at all, right, it's too messy, too dangerous, unsafe,

Speaker 1  24:51
too afraid to have these conversations. So might happen. Mm. What might, let's say, you share your honest feelings about what you see in the community, right? What's the fear

Matthias Miller  25:18
I had a very interesting So, the guy I've been I've worked with last fall with internal family systems and stuff. So he used to get this blank, lengthy history, and new age came to Christ a year or two ago, something like that. And he's experimenting with, and I think there's models that I'm sure you're aware of, models that work fairly similarly, but experimenting with introducing parts to Jesus and I had a very profound experience on Monday within a few unused sessions left on basically the cork on the bottle to keep the wine in the bottle, in the bottle, to protect the community around me and and which really tied into a fairly deep core belief that if I speak the truth, I'm going to damage people, right? And it's been incredibly frame to realize that truth and kindness do coexist.

Matthias Miller  26:37
So to that point, and then yesterday, Audrey and I had this conversation. I was just like, one of the things I appreciate working with her, got another guy, kind of partnering with with on marketing stuff. We've all had some form of this conversation. We appreciate the fact that we can be kindly but bluntly honest about things right like and nobody takes offense, and it doesn't mean that I'm trying to control her. Minute. Trying to control or manipulate them, just like I mean, we can have these conversations because you can't union requires. There's also a fascinating thing around the Johari window, where, if you I mean, the way to diminish blind spot is by self disclosure and curiosity. So as you increase the domain of shared knowledge in the Johari Window, you reduce the blind spot window, right? Anyway, that's all repeating the similar things, but so I think podcast is a very natural next step?

Speaker 1  27:42
Yes, I agree 1,000% and I mean, just, I think on a lot of different levels, but I look at it and I see, what are we really good at? We're really good at these conversations. It brings joy. Yeah, it does. Like, I feel alive in the midst of these conversations where it's really curious and like, what about this, and what about this, and what about this? What about this? Like, like, and then to have add somebody else or some buddies else into that to, you know, 123, other viewpoints, then it's just this swirling mass of curiosity, this natural next step.

Matthias Miller  28:29
This is the and I think the beautiful thing about it is, if you and I wanted to do an episode every other week in the morning, we totally could. I can give up mornings. I can only give up. I think for many of these folks, I'm going to have to either work late to make up. I'm being very productive of my work day. So either I need to do it during the day and make up for it, or schedule in the evening, which would actually be my preference, evening or weekend or something, and just coordinate the time, right?

Matthias Miller  29:14
I like that. I mean, the fun thing then, for you, for you or for me, either one of us, is that transcript and clod creates incredibly good source material for from the conversations. Right, right. Hands down, hands down.

Speaker 1  29:38
Yeah, before, before, AI for any of that you know, like recording conversations and then transcribing them like it was just all too much, but now it's just so easy to create a transcript and have a record of the conversations over time. Yes, it's so easy. So. So why would you not do that? All right, well,

Matthias Miller  30:17
would it make I

Matthias Miller  30:25
would it make sense to Well, I think a few more decisions to make. One is, do we it has to be low friction for me, and I think, I think the challenge is that you run the risk of of leaving an awkward pauses and all these other types of things. But if you really want it to be low friction, there's I'm going to need it to be almost zero editing. And I think that's fine. I think it's fine. Even just telling people, and we can literally, this might even help too, is literally take it live on my Facebook page as we're doing it and and it just is a live show, like, that's just what it is, right? So as long as you're good with that, I'm happy with that,

Unknown Speaker  31:22
yeah, why not?

Matthias Miller  31:24
And then the other thing would be, I had it

Matthias Miller  31:35
right in the tip. Oh, do we want any kind of introductory episode, or do we just jump in with two feet.

Speaker 1  31:46
I don't know part of me likes the idea of at least a short introductory like is who we are, so what we're here to talk about, join the conversation

Matthias Miller  32:01
and welcome. And is, do we want to make union be the core concept of I mean, well, I mean, there's a few things do we want to make this be? I don't want to. I really, really, really want to avoid overthinking this. So I'm trying, yeah. So the simple thing is, I put it on, like, we have multiple options. One, I just keep it under my name, under the Matthias Miller brand, and your co host and all this stuff. Like, that's simple option for one, we just talk about whatever. And if I want to bring on other people about other people about other topics, we do that. But this feels close enough to core of something that I want to pursue that we could also just say, well, it's whatever we end up calling this. We can borrow the pup in the desert theme. And this is about, you know, the indefinite future. We're talking about union, yeah, and this might change in the future. And we talk about the rules too. It has to be fun. We enjoy doing together. And just let this be kind of a pub in the desert. And just let this be pub in the desert,

Speaker 1  33:14
yeah, it has to be curious. It has to be fun.

Matthias Miller  33:18
Yes, like, that's it

Speaker 1  33:21
okay when it stops being curious and fun, conversations over, conversations over. I like it good. Yeah, I want to get away from the debate mindset, right? Which bogs everything down within theology circles and that kind of thing. It's like, I don't want to debate. Go and be curious, if you're here to debate, then there's, there's plenty of other places you can go to do that.

Matthias Miller  33:59
What makes it fun? Real? Ah, real

Speaker 1  34:04
the the open field, like everything is in front of us. Any topic is on the table. If you have a thought that pops into your head, I want you to say it so we can explore that thought and vice versa, like it's just the, I'll call it free range, like there's no cages here. It's just free range. I saw, you'll find this fascinating. I saw this study. It was, I forget who did this British guy, and he took eggs from chickens that were raised in cages and froze it and took slices and then looked at the DNA sequence within the egg, and it's all scattered and disjointed and just not unified. Form, and then he took the eggs of free range chickens, froze it, took a slice of it, put it under the microscope, and the DNA formation and sequence within the egg was was crystalline and ordered and uniform. And here's the fascinating thing. Took one one egg from, or one slice, no one egg from, from a free range chicken, and surrounded it with 12 eggs from cage raised chickens, left them there for a week. Then did the slicing and the the scanning and all that kind of stuff. And what you saw was that the DNA from the 12 eggs had started to realign and become ordered and synchronized in response to being just in the proximity of that free range egg.

Matthias Miller  36:13
That's fascinating. So in my studies around walking, I'm under the impression I have to go back and check but under the impression that one of the things that impression that one of the things that surfaced was the organization, the mental organization that happens through motion, and some of those concepts, it's also, I mean, it's very easily translatable, because we all have, we all have people in life where We're like whenever I'm around that person, I think clearer, right and better, more at peace, more learning, I think the more that you I think, going back to this question, you know, the concept of evangelism, I think, I think some it's sometimes more Powerful to be the egg and to be the evangelist?

Speaker 1  37:03
Yep. Well, I was beginning to think about it, thinking about like I heard, growing up careful who you surround yourself with, because you will become a function of the people you're surrounded by, right? But this example seems to say the opposite

Matthias Miller  37:24
well, and maybe the difference comes down to so there's a few more threads with this. One is Paul talks about having the aroma of Christ, which means that as we find union with Him, we become more with like him. And so when it's ego driven, we become absorbers, potentially and certainly, when we find union with Christ, then he, in union with us, creates influence on other people. And

Speaker 1  37:56
this seems to speak to this. There's a psychologist named Eric Fromm. He wrote a book called The Art of loving. I may have referenced it before, but he says the primary issue with humanity is they we spend our entire lives trying to make ourselves lovable, which is an absorber mindset. I'm going to be who I need to be for you to love me so I can absorb the love, right? And he says, It's been that way since the garden, because all of us are so afraid of being alone, loneliness. Is that the problem? He says, but what we should be focusing on is being loving, which is the Jesus mindset, which is not the absorbing, which is the

Matthias Miller  38:44
radiating, but the foundation of that comes down to a core belief that I am lovable as I am, yes, removes all the spare processor cycles of saying I gotta figure out a way to be lovable because

Speaker 1  38:59
I am right. Which is what union does,

Matthias Miller  39:02
which is what union does

Speaker 1  39:03
is, which is what brings us back? It brings us back to our core identity, which is an image, image bearer of God, loved unconditionally by him which we can only have, that in that place of union,

Matthias Miller  39:20
which also a little bit of rabbit trail. But one of the problems I have, like I we've had many conversations around the concept of identity, but the problem I have with the way most of identity, how most of identity is is presented, is that it's very cognitive, and it's very multifaceted, and it's not experiential and and reducing identity to as simple as accepting that I'm loved and lovable as I am in the middle of who. I'm becoming,

Matthias Miller  40:06
and to your point, knowing, being known like that's the that is the process by which you form identity. It's, yes, simple and accessible now, right?

Speaker 1  40:21
And the danger in this world, in that knowing and being known space, is if you're taking your identity, knowing yourself from the external source, you're going to start identifying yourself as what they say you are, rather than as what God says you are. That's the danger, and I think that's why we are where we are in our world. I

Matthias Miller  40:54
mean, it's also what Proverbs says that the fear of fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, because the only way to really internalize the locus of control of your life is by union with wisdom himself. And what locus of control with with positive outcome. I mean with positive by some definition, I know I'm getting a super nuance, nuance

Speaker 1  41:19
here, right, right, but it's almost necessary to get so nuanced, because you're talking about a mystery here. How this happens, how union happens? Yeah, you almost have to get nuance, and you almost have to get poetic. You almost have to use analogy, because the logical framework doesn't contain this.

Matthias Miller  41:52
Do you also have to go beyond this? You? I think, I think more. I think one of the greatest problems with this whole thing, benefits and problems is that it's such an experiential thing, and it's right. And so we talk about the idea of having a podcast. It's great. I wanted to spark something, but that doesn't engage the listener in the conversation, except through comments and feedback. And so maybe in the back end of this, at some point, that's where the virtual Red Pill round tables end up happening. Of saying, right? This is, this really, actually is a very easy call to action, saying, Look, union and knowing is literally an experiential thing. You have to enter into the conversation to experience it, and you have to have a an avenue through which you do experience it, and when you do, then you can share it with other people, but you have to get in the game and play somehow

Speaker 1  42:58
well that you know, there's obviously the conversations that are happening on the podcast, and then there may be like events, but that's still a relatively small percentage of the population. But if the encouragement is, if anything within this conversation has triggered a thought process for you, why don't you have your community where you live, somebody else is curious about these questions. Why don't you sit down to the coffee shop and start being curious and wrestle through these conversations yourself?

Matthias Miller  43:32
Yes, exactly, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  43:37
It's like the only phrase that comes to mind is planting a mind virus. Like, it's this idea that, like, I'm curious about that I just can't get away from. It's like, Curiosity is the best kind of mind virus, yeah, like just be curious, ask questions, seek answers, like my wife and I were having a conversation the other day, because there's, I've noticed this trend on substack and on medium that all present something, and then a few weeks later, I'll see people who have taken the content that I've presented, and they've they've just changed a few things here or there, but presented it as their own. And she's like, she's like, does what? What upset you about that? And I go, it's not the the taking of the content by any stretch of the imagination. It's the intellectual dishonesty that's it like your intellectual laziness, like if, if what I wrote triggered a thought process in you, please go write what it made you think. Right, but own the fact. Like like that, like this. These are my thoughts based on this kind of thing.

Matthias Miller  45:09
Like, why can't you say that this was inspired by, and even if you're using it in large part, that it was adapted from? Or can you even break apart the article and provide your own commentary interspersed, yes, which would be awesome, which would be awesome, which is attribution and collaboration versus theft?

Speaker 1  45:29
Exactly, yeah, well, I think the intellectual laziness to me is what really upsets me, but,

Matthias Miller  45:38
but I think, I think I had this conversation with a friend of mine who posted on Facebook. He mentioned how he started evaluating based people, based on what they talk about, if they talked about primarily about their values, first, the people who talk about their values first the little there's people who talk about values and successes, and especially in the business world, it's like, Oh, I did this big thing, and I had, I've, I've had folks in my life who really pushed me hard to say, to come up with that pitch that says I did this really awesome thing, and here's why you need me. People, people who speak more heavily out of values often end up providing much more nuanced like, it's like I tweaked this part of their business by 1% and as a result of that, this, these other two things unlocked, and then they leaned in and they did this, and that's why their revenue increased by the you know, two they doubled their revenue or whatever. It was some crazy thing for record month or whatever. But they take a nuanced view of of their influence and impact. And I think my point to him was that I'm seeing this all around you. Have the hyper optim. We live in a world of hyper optimization towards a single variable which often ends up being either clicks or eyeballs or or dollars, and it's very difficult Well, I mean, and one of my mentors says that any any system optimized to a single variable

Unknown Speaker  47:12
becomes a god yes. And

Matthias Miller  47:14
so I'm guessing that these people have hyper optimized their, you know, they're, they're hyper optimizing for single variable which, which could be, let's just, you know, volume of content eyeballs. And they're throwing a bunch of tests and seeing what sticks and trying to get readership and numbers and all this stuff, blindly optimizing for that and never considering that they should optimize for intellectual honesty,

Speaker 1  47:40
right? Right, right. It's a powerful point, powerful point, optimizing for in a system, optimizing for a single factor that becomes your God, when at the end of the day, what it looks like, whether it's clicks or it's eyeballs or it's money, is insecurity. It's self protection. If I get these eyes, if I get these clicks, if I get this money, I'm okay. I'm safe.

Matthias Miller  48:14
So what's the single variable that the Western Evangelical Church is optimizes for?

Unknown Speaker  48:24
That's a powerful question.

Matthias Miller  48:31
I mean, I think, I think in certain settings, especially more your Mega, mega church type of setting, it's, it's attendance and giving and grow. I mean, maybe growth is the the

Speaker 1  48:43
thing, right? But what's the motivation behind the growth? Yeah, I would agree with First of all, I would agree with you. It's growth. It's funny. Brennan Manning, in one of his books, says, uh, tells a story. He was talking to a pastor, and he's like, Hey, we had a revival and and he asked him, you know, like, how many did you add to your congregation? And because he was saying how great it was, how wonderful all that kind of stuff in the past, he goes, we didn't add anybody. We lost 500 like, that's the opposite of the evangelical thinking,

Matthias Miller  49:23
when I think, I think, then, I mean, this goes back to the topic Surprise, surprise of union, like, if we optimize for a Christ life, Theosis, whatever that ends up looking like, that is what we're optimizing for. And everything else has to fall by the wayside of needs to fall under play into place under that. Yeah,

Speaker 1  49:45
but comes back to for me, and this, this story over the last year, has just come back over and over and over again. You know the the rich young ruler. It reminds, it reminds me of evangelical Christianity. We've we followed all the rules, followed all the commandments. Did our ties, did it. We did everything we should have done. What more do we need to do? Right? Just like great, well done. Go sell everything you have, give it to the poor and follow me. You can imagine the look on his face when he says that the one thing that he was not willing to let go of is the one thing Jesus wanted, and he walks away. Here's the fascinating thing, he doesn't chase after him. He doesn't try and convince him. He doesn't try and evangelize him. He doesn't do any of that. It just says he was sad. He walked away. I it.

Matthias Miller  50:47
That doesn't fit very well in a church growth plan doesn't at all. I mean, it doesn't even fit very well into the like, How bizarre that the Savior of the world would feel that low of a sense of responsibility for saving the world, like he's

Speaker 1  51:14
not very motivated. He's not very optimized. He's not very optimized, and I think that's what got him betrayed. I think Judas wanted him to optimize for this one factor, the independence of Israel. Yeah, underneath, out of oppression, did all that kind of stuff, and he systematically refused to do that. And I think Judas was trying to force his hand, because if he could bring him into trial, and then Jesus started saying what he would what he would say, then it would bring this conflict that would bring about the the independence of the nation. He had just turned nasty on him before he knew what was going on, right? Like things with like with most of us, we have these good plans and we have these ideas and these strategies and these frameworks. We want to see him play out. We're optimizing for this goal, but then it just starts to turn nasty, and we go, oh, wait, this isn't what I aimed for

Matthias Miller  52:29
when. And most I mean, you don't know what you don't know. And so both Judas and Peter, he wrote about this recently. Like neither of them really saw the full. They couldn't. They weren't able to predict the outworking of their decisions, right and and you have to make the wrong decision to learn the lesson from it, but then you also have to have grace with yourself when you do make the wrong decision, to come back to be

Speaker 1  52:59
right. I mean, which one of us hasn't been in a situation like that? Yeah, if you're if you're honest, all of us have been in that place and made horrible decisions, most often not based on malice, but mace based on lack of wisdom and lack of forethought. Yeah. And all we can do is accept that grace on the shore of the Sea of Galilee, like, Do you love me? You know I do. Do you love me? You know I do? There's that moment.

Matthias Miller  53:37
Well, there's another layer deeper in this too, which is there's a lot of animosity between there's a lot of animosity against the engine of the Western Evangelical Church. It can be very easy to throw stones. It can be very scary to step into the place of knowing in that place, and I think

Matthias Miller  54:12
you've probably seen more of this than I have, but if you understand the depth of the egg in the hearts of some of the leaders who are building these empires, whether it's in church or business or anywhere else, the ache is a really powerful motivator. And some of this, you end up with this weird love hate relationship, because you need the ache to push you, but you hate the ache because of what it demands of you, and the fact that it's never satisfied. But wouldn't not everybody, and not everybody wants to be known, but it's very. Be interesting to think about what might shift if we actually started to engage in the knowing or possible

Speaker 1  55:13
right? Are you willing to take the stripping down process that union requires. That seems to me to be the core issue as far as whether people are willing to go there or not go there is our it's a stripping down process. It's like when you get married, you're single, living your own life, responsible for yourself, doing your thing, and then you get married, and all of a sudden there's somebody in front of you saying, like, you can't do that. But I've stupid example, but I've always left the cap off the toothpaste, yep, but you can't do that, but I've always done it. You know, it's a stupid example, but, like, it's, it's that kind of thing, like, but imagine that on a consciousness level, you're in this union with God, and you're doing things as you've always done them. And sometimes it comes back, goes, You can't do that, but I've always done it this way, right? This is the way I've learned to organize and manage my life. But you can't do that. But I've always done it this way. So you think about it like, for the reunion to happen increasing amounts the the ego has to be separated, obliterated, yeah, all my protective devices. So I sit before you and and I say, you say to me, all these ways that you've kept yourself safe your whole life based on your experience and what you needed to do all these pieces. I need you to take those off. I need you to take your armor off. Now I'm standing naked, exposed in this world. I know, trust me, but don't want to do that. Like isn't that the core conversation?

Matthias Miller  57:41
Well, it is. And not only that, it'd be one thing if it was just a matter of will, if I've just decided, but you're flying in the face, at least for for those of us who seek after rational evidence, it's like I have plenty of rational evidence, like there's this, this, this, this and this, these are the reasons I can't do that. This happens, not safe. You didn't protect me, so I have to like you didn't do your job. So obviously you're fired.

Unknown Speaker  58:15
That right there? You didn't do your job. That's the accusation, right?

Matthias Miller  58:22
It totally is

Speaker 1  58:23
always boils down to, I wanted to but you didn't do your job. So why would I listen to you? Why would I follow you?

Matthias Miller  58:38
Which was the Judas narrative, I tried, but you didn't do you didn't do your job. The Peter narrative was this admission of like, Oh, I missed it. Like you were who you said all along, but I missed it.

Speaker 1  59:10
There's this fascinating piece, I think it's in Luke chapter 20, where Jesus looks at Peter shortly after Peter's, you know, Jesus tells him he's going to Jerusalem, he's going to be crucified. And, you know, no, no, no, no. Like, I'm not gonna allow that to happen. They'll have to get through me, all that kind of stuff. And the Get behind Me, Satan, you know, mindset. And he looks at Peter, and he says, Peter. And it's fascinating, because most of our translations say the devil is asked to sift you like wheat. But in the mirror translation, which I prefer, it goes back to the original language, it says you and I have become so entwined. And the devil is currently trying to separate me from you, which is fascinating, that that's his job, that's what he wants to do. And Jesus doesn't say, but I'm going to protect you and keep you from that. He says, I'm going to pray for you that you don't lose faith, and once you've endured this challenge, that you will turn and strengthen your brothers. See that that question of you didn't protect me, you didn't do your job, that story right there flies in the face of that accusation. Wow,

Matthias Miller  1:00:54
I'm still stuck on that image like, and I mean, again, a fundamental shift in which you look at as spiritual warfare. Spiritual Warfare is not when, sorry, this is extremely facetious, but when Starbucks is out of the caramel syrup for your latte, like it's when the enemy of your soul assaults you, to get you to believe that you are disconnected and assaults you to invite you To disconnect and self protect from union with God you

Matthias Miller  1:01:44
but the complexity of sifting weight in that definition that you the example that you shared, is like, I mean, it's, seems to me like, obviously, that's a big I mean, It's a tall order, like the just that, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:02:12
Wow. When there's like, in that sifting of weed, if you go back and look at it. Essentially, what it is is separating the kernel of the wheat from the chaff. And so there is a separation that's happening, and that separation is beneficial, but it's but it's painful,

Matthias Miller  1:02:37
right?

Speaker 1  1:02:40
And Jesus doesn't save Peter or rescue Peter from the pain, right? It

Matthias Miller  1:02:50
might even be worth asking, what causes the pain of the separation of the chaff from the wheat? Well,

Speaker 1  1:03:00
I think goes back to what we were just saying. This is the way I've always done things, and this is how I've learned to feel safe, and I've become dependent on these things, right?

Matthias Miller  1:03:16
And the pain is really just the loss, but I can totally identify with this. The pain is a loss of familiarity. Yeah, I and it's the complete see if I can, like, when you have certainty that's here and you need, if you, if you have certainty in your whatever your support mechanism is, whatever this self protective thing is that you build on, and you want to move your certainty into faith in Christ, that there's going to there has to be a moment of uncertainty while you remove the certainty from this place over here, right? And it's the sensation of falling, yep,

Speaker 1  1:04:04
yep. Well, going back to the idea of optimizing for one factor, yeah, we have up optimized for comfort, right?

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
Which, which then becomes a god, okay, so I wanted to talk to you about this, because I know you're a runner. I fell down the rabbit, rabbit hole of ultra marathons over the weekend. Uh huh,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:29
it's a rabbit hole.

Matthias Miller  1:04:30
It is a rabbit hole. And I can't, I can't. You would know her name, the lady who ran the 238 mile voab race, or you might know her name, I can't pull it off at the top of my head. I've got it here in a minute, maybe, anyway, in like 50 some hours, 10 hours ahead of second place, which took me down. On the place of, you know, the pain cave and other things like that that people talk about, and her philosophy of running as being the process of making the pain cave bigger, and actually being grateful when she reaches the pain cave, because that's her opportunity to expand and really you're running the race, the thing you're optimizing for, if anything, I mean, again, it's multiple variables. You can't optimize for a single variable. First of all, stop when there's physical damage about to happen, but it's also shut the brain up, or ignore the brain when it's trying to keep you safe and keep you in comfort, because it's probably wrong. She shared the story about how she was running. She slept for 21 minutes. She had a 20 minute nap, and she was falling asleep on the trail as she was running, and her husband said, You should lay down and just take a nap now. And because she was stumbling, because she was falling asleep, and so she did. She fell asleep, REM sleep, full on, deep sleep. Dreams everything. Husband wakes her, and she gets looks at him, and she's like, she's mad, like, Why didn't you wake me earlier? Because? And he's like, wait minute. Okay, so don't get too rough on me here. Within that minute, she collapses. And so, but there's this you're optimizing, really, for not quitting. And well, quitting when there's pain, but not quitting for no other reason except for bodily harm and injury and and silencing the brains demands for safety and comfort. And I think it's

Matthias Miller  1:06:42
so you talk about optimizing for comfort, which, in the context of this conversation, makes absolute sense, where it is the wrong it is the wrong variable,

Speaker 1  1:06:54
you're optimizing the wrong variable. And and the fruit from the tree of optimizing comfort, safety, security, however you want to characterize it, if our eyes are open, we see that that fruit is poisoned, it's rotten, right? I remember when I maybe I was a year or so into running. But I was fighting that there's a I forget who the runner is, another female runner, and she calls it the beast. And those thoughts in your mind stop, you know, give up, you know, that kind of thing. And she talked about loving the beast. You have to love the beast and know it, to understand it, you know, that kind of thing. And I remember once I was doing uphill training my neighborhood, and everything inside me said, Walk, stop, slow down. And I was like, You know what? No, not going to and I kept I kept repeating that in my mind, no, not going to do that. And keep going that kind of thing. And it started to break the power of it. And the powerful thing for me psychologically was I was raised in a home where you weren't allowed to say no to authoritarian, authoritative voices. And that thought in my head was an authoritative voice, and the power in me saying no, I get to choose was so powerful. It was optimizing. At that point, it was optimizing for autonomy. Yeah, so powerful for me. It

Matthias Miller  1:08:51
says in the question I was wanting to ask, which is, where does this drive for comfort start? And I'm sure there's different answers for different people, but I don't think I would ever instinctively have made the connection that drive for comfort can start from an authoritarian view of the world, yep. Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:08
because it's so scary, right?

Speaker 1  1:09:18
Like fear and manipulation was how I was raised, right? Dad gets home, you're going to get it, or your mom's going to manipulate you with all sorts of emotional tactics. And so the fear was put in me very early. And so that fear became authoritative. So in my mind, when the fear comes. I had to give in.

Matthias Miller  1:09:52
That's fascinating. I.

Matthias Miller  1:10:05
That's us.

Matthias Miller  1:10:17
Yeah, I mean, I

Matthias Miller  1:10:23
I mean, I have friends of friends of mine who talk about how this the school system is optimized for has been built to develop factory workers. Sit down, listen to me, write down the answers. Do the work. Did you do it to perfection? And I'm also just chatting with friends of mine about fathering, and it feels to, I think many of us feel like we we have had you know, in varying level degrees, we've all had gaps in our image of what good fathering actually looks like, and we assume that fear and manipulation in our parenting is normal, if That's the context in which we were raised. Right? And so we essentially break it. I

Matthias Miller  1:11:33
mean, there's, there's lots of reasons why people lean into that. It's certainty, but it's also, well even comfort by itself. It's an inconvenience when, sure, was an inconvenience for your parents, when you followed your natural curious instinct to go down some rabbit hole, when the schedule didn't allow for that. I mean, it's easy,

Speaker 1  1:11:53
of course, of course, it's very annoying. I need you to do this thing at this time. It's even like, it's the same, like not being a parent, but, you know, with with having a dog, like we have this, this, this pattern that when it's time for him to go to a go for a walk, we grab his harness, you know, and he hides in a table. He doesn't want to come out from under the table. He wants to go for a walk, but he doesn't want to have his harness on, and so he hides under the table. It's very annoying. What should take you two minutes to get out the door and go for a walk? Takes me 15 sometimes, yeah, and it would get frustrated. And so now what I've done is he loves to be in the garage for some reason, like it's kind of his escape. So I open the door to the garage, and the car has, there cannot be a car in the garage, because if there's a car in the garage, he thinks that he's going for a ride. Sure, yeah. And so there can't be a car in the garage. But I let him into the garage, and then after I let him in, I bring the harness in, and I say to him, do you want to go for a walk? And then he comes over and I put it on him. It's like I've had to learn this whole methodology of how his mind works and how he thinks, yes. And if I would like, if I was just stuck on the the annoyance I might use fear manipulation to get him out from under the table. It's like, no, like I have to understand how he works, and every parent has to do that to a certain degree.

Matthias Miller  1:13:32
Okay, so here's a fascinating rabbit hole. According to I was reading the book called the age factor, recommended by a friend of mine. I don't remember the author offhand, but it's basically taking the Big Five and expanding it a little bit. We're adding the H factor to it, which is basically humility and honesty on a scale. It mentioned that personality 66 about two thirds of personality, is genetic, which, if that's the case, and this is based on the studies reference in the book, but if that's the case, then it means that biological, that the nuclear family unit, is the family unit that has the least amount of personality, of personality conflict, not that it doesn't exist, but there's at least two thirds similarity between, you know, one or both of the parents, and in case of blended families or you know, foster and adoptive care, the chances of deeper and broader personality differences increases Like that's the naturalization of this, which means that, which means that anytime that happens, you're rolling the dice for substantially increasing the level of conflict in your home for No, no fault of anybody's. And this is on top of any kind of trauma related stuff that goes on. And. And the point being then that that, especially in the avenue and arena, the need to understand to I think there's, there's a deep need to more deeply understand different ways that people tech that might be different from yourself. And it takes, I think, a heightened degree of curiosity around that time, and curiosity around that to really, yeah, I've been, I've been fascinated by that, by that concept. And there's certainly, there's certainly nurture. That's, that's part of it, you know, all this other kinds of nurture, well, that doesn't account for, you know, behavioral habits. One of the interesting things too, with that the book mentioned is that studies have shown that as people age, they're liberal versus conservative viewpoints tend to drift closer and closer towards their natural personality, which seems to indicate that there's conditioning that you experience as a child towards a certain perspective or viewpoint that fades over time and does tend does trend towards your your personality. So it's again, requires some nuanced perspective, because you don't want to diminish the concept of well, and just because you have proclivity or instinct in a certain direction doesn't mean that you've lost your will, will will in a particular manner,

Speaker 1  1:16:42
right, right, right. And it's interesting to see it as genetic. So I wonder what you mean by its genetic. How would you prove that it was genetic?

Matthias Miller  1:17:00
Well, I think, I mean, I this is, I'm making assumptions, but I'm making assumptions that you're, you're looking, well, the only way to truly prove is to be looking at the DNA and looking for correlations, and say, I can correlate between somebody that has a high openness trait with certain genetic patterns. I mean, that's and, and it's statistically correlated. So that's, that's so it'd be interesting to look at the studies and see what it actually says. The simplistic view is looking at two factors, which is how, what's correlation between? Well, part of what they did was correlation between identical versus fraternal twins. And so that was one, one tool, and I'm sure other factors. So accounting for factors like that also accounting for factors like biological versus not Non, non biological relation and and likelihood of personality. But I think now they talk about it. So if you wanted to go down that route, you look for correlation, you know, biological correlation, plus stability over time, suggesting that it wasn't conditioning or not likely to be conditioning. I think the identical twin piece of it was the crux of their argument, right? Which

Speaker 1  1:18:24
it often is in these types of situations, two people born the exact same time, same genetics, you know, that kind of thing, and

Matthias Miller  1:18:33
controlling for same versus different upbringing environments,

Speaker 1  1:18:39
exactly, exactly what I think that leaves out is I totally believe gifts, talents, abilities, all that kind of stuff being what they are. And how does that person use those things in the environment they're in, and even in identical paternal twins, you're going to have those individuals make different choices based on their environment or the same choices based on their environment. So it's really a chicken or egg reality, but it's really, really fascinating. How do we how do we choose these things, or are these things chosen for us? I

Speaker 1  1:19:43
as I've heard psychologists talk about personality, essentially, just as the outward facing aspect of the ego. You know, it's the shell around us, right? Yeah, and we look at people and say, Oh, they're. Fake or they're not authentic, or whatever, but what basis are you using to claim that they're fake or not authentic?

Matthias Miller  1:20:12
Yeah, yes, yes.

Speaker 1  1:20:20
These are the conversations I want to have, these curious things where it's like there is all this combined wisdom over years of sharing and experience and that kind of stuff. But, but personality

Matthias Miller  1:20:31
by itself is a relatively new invention in terms of the human race,

Speaker 1  1:20:38
without a doubt, and only as the self itself has been elevated Have we started to talk about personality. Why? I think it's a Western, particularly American, but certainly a Western trade based out of competition. In comparison capitalism, that kind of thing, where I have to distinguish myself one way or another. I'm the self made man. It's up to me, that kind of thing. Then the personality becomes a key component of your success or failure.

Matthias Miller  1:21:21
Well, I mean, but a substantial part apart from the individual level. So I think personal experience on an individual level, personality was a pill that was handed to me to fix the egg. If you truly understand yourself, you can put yourself into environments that are better suited for you, and the eight will go away. Thanks for laughing. From from a business standpoint, it's become a method of predicting behavior and who's going to who's going to be most profitable in a particular role. And that's actually probably the deeper you know, the really deep commercial driver of it, right? Because, I mean, the profitability differences between individuals can be dramatic, well, and

Speaker 1  1:22:12
there's a fascinating correlation here. I was talking with a friend recently, and he's been doing a deep dive on these things, and he's like, we were designed to be creators. God, by His very nature, is a creator, and so we're supposed to create and share, create and share. But what we've turned our society into is a bunch of tools rather than creators, right? So you become a function of my creation. You become a tool within my creation to benefit me. And we were never designed to be tools. We were meant to be creators. It's,

Matthias Miller  1:22:52
it's, it's fitting people into the system, instead of building the collective and allowing the collective wisdom and intelligence and creativity to build something right, which is very different, very, very different world view of the world. So jumping back to the personality question, there's also this question with epigenetics, of how much I mean if personality is simply an expression of, you know the layers outside of ourselves, how much of this is simply formed based on how much personality is simply formed based on core beliefs that are transferred via core beliefs, deeply held emotions, emotional memories. I don't I'm far from the expert here. But who, who that get passed along through epigenetics, and how much of personality can be resolved stabilized by anything I've certainly experienced this you probably have, I'm sure can like when you deal with self protective measures, even personal and generational trauma, personality can shift.

Speaker 1  1:24:04
Oh yeah, without a doubt. So that's and we see that across the board with pretty much every human I see. Have we seen it across pretty much with every human being I've ever met, like depending on what has occurred, it has shift and changed personality, right?

Matthias Miller  1:24:27
So, and then I got a drop here, but if you want to tie this all together, so what's the essence of personality? Who are you? Really still comes down to personality is who you are when you're fully loved and fully

Speaker 1  1:24:43
known, yes, yes, and it has to be based on relationship, because there's going to be relationships. So what is the primary relationship that's defining who you are? Is it your marriage? Is your friendships? Is it your job? Or. Is it Jesus?

Matthias Miller  1:25:01
Jesus? There's also fascinating Jim. Jim Wilder has talks about the fascinating concept that joy is the overriding emotion that gives resilience through every other emotion,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:20
because there's a soil that joy grows in

Matthias Miller  1:25:24
which is love, rest, trust, trust

Unknown Speaker  1:25:31
that trust there's no joy, no joy,

Matthias Miller  1:25:38
and trust then becomes the rock on which you stand through, which to process all of the other uncertain, wild, precarious emotions. Yeah. So what do you trust? Trust?

Speaker 1  1:25:55
Cool, all right, man, good, fun. Times a great rabbit trails.

Matthias Miller  1:26:00
Rabbit trails. All

Unknown Speaker  1:26:04
right, Fred, I'll talk to you soon. It sounds

Matthias Miller  1:26:06
good. We'll be in touch. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai