Unknown Speaker  00:36
Yeah, you. Hi, Mark. Hey, miss, hot.

Unknown Speaker  00:47
Are you doing? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  00:56
okay, I think that'll work better about that.

Matthias Miller  00:57
Yep, that's good. Here. Good on your end.

Speaker 1  01:01
Yeah, get them on the headphone. All right. Awesome. Sounds good, yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:07
well, yeah, good. Good meeting you here. So, yeah, been took a look at a little bit of what you've been up to, what you do, and more than the email that Roberta sent over. I don't really have much much contact, so love to hear a little bit what's what's going on and what you're looking at.

Speaker 1  01:35
Yeah, so I think Roberta's had mentioned that she met you at Mary Marshall, is that right? That's yeah, that's right, yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:49
Have you, have you been to any of those? Or have you been in trees worlds?

Speaker 1  01:52
I have no that's out kind of outside my sphere, yeah? For sure. Gotcha. Yeah, absolutely, yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:01
totally, yeah. So we, we met there. We've got to spend, we're in one of his higher tier programs together, and so we've gotten to, got to know each other. Yeah, through that. So yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  02:14
for sure, yeah, if you put a little email together, coming, what, what, what, what's your thing? What do you do? So okay,

Matthias Miller  02:21
here's, here's the thing, what I do, what I find, is that when people are in in places of change, transition, shifting, there's oftentimes, especially when you, when you hit a new high, there's, there's momentum, but you're, it's like you're stepping off the hamster wheel. Your feet want to keep moving, and many times you're so intently focused on hitting the next thing that folks lose their sense of inner knowing. And so what I do specifically is there's three parts that I'm three things that I'm after. And this is, this is probably the, this is the unconventional part, but leaning into the inner knowing and getting getting connected again with that inner knowing. And this is, this is, yeah, once again, unconventional. You don't start most business consulting sessions with this, but with mine, especially in Curry's world, there's an openness to memos or just intuitive insight. And that's how we roll, and that's how that's it's kind of like greasing the or like priming the pump and then, and then, with that, we and then digging into most times, what I find working with people is that there's a sense or a direction, there's something that they've been working towards, and it's there may be multiple options on the table. Sometimes it's not exactly clear what it is, but usually there's one or two things there that that bubble up to the surface on heels of that, and that's really what we're looking for. Here's how I describe it. Most of us go through life diluting ourselves down to we're at some most of us as leaders, we become better and better at who we are, but we develop a 40 proof version of ourselves, which is, which is great. But the question is, who would you be if you were completely undiluted, if you could strip away all the things that aren't you, that don't support you in your environment, that don't align with, I guess, for lack of a better term, your true work, your real work. And you would only show up in that space where you're doing your true work, and you would show up in the 100 proof version of you. So I'm not interested in you, your competition versus the next guy. I'm I'm interested in what's the undiluted you showing up? So we're looking at things like, what's Who Are you really not there. Complicated, but just who are you? Personality interests, all of those things. But dividing between, here's my learned behaviors, here's my protective mechanisms, and here am I in my best state. And then the third piece that we take a look at is then what I call collaborative strategy. And so my my brain works strategically. And so we're taking, I'm taking all of the data points from each of these pieces, putting them together and developing, sometimes it's it's a it's a fairly clear roadmap, but sometimes it's a, like, here's the next clear step. And if we do that, this next piece, this this step, is really aligned. There's a lot of energy behind it, and we just do this next step, we'll get, we'll get some feedback as far as what the next step is going to be. And so that's, that's the kind of the third component of what I do. Shouldn't be surprising to you. I drink my own Kool Aid. This. Those three things are what I consider to be the 100 proof version of me, right? So I've gone through my share of dilution and making life changes in order to do that. So currently, the way that I have it structured is, I mean, like we can, we can find the container that's right for you. Basically, I've had very productive two hour sessions like kickoff consults and but, and, and also do one day deep dives. And those are all around like, let's get, let's get as deep as we can. And then the the kind of, the continuity piece of it is, let's stay in motion with, with, with, you know, it's the, it's all of the stuff that comes up. It's the we thought this was going to be a good plan. This came up. How do we reroute to find this or or I was going down this path. You know, sometimes it's simple things, like our brains like to keep us safe, and we know how to push through, but knowing, is this something to push through? Is it, is my brain just trying to keep me safe, or is it, is there something else that's that's kind of out of sync with what we're trying to do. So the continuity piece is walking shoulder to shoulder, bringing those same elements, but just walking alongside, walking out the process.

Unknown Speaker  07:30
Where did you come from? What's your what's your background?

Matthias Miller  07:34
Software Engineering,

Speaker 1  07:35
okay, all right, nice. How did you get from software engineering to this, like, what is your official title? Are you like, coach, mentor, advisor

Matthias Miller  07:47
is probably the best term that I can use. How did I get there? I got there because I stumbled into software, because this was a great grew up in rural Kansas. Nobody makes any money here. You can swing a hammer and, oh, you could be a software developer, software engineer, work for these big companies, low cost of living. Great gig. Go do it right. And it was all the money appeal, and I did it, and was really good at it, and hated every minute of it, and spent the next 15 years trying to figure out what in the world was broken with me, until I realized that well and I had to do the work for myself. So it went from that. I discovered a love for sales and marketing. I discovered that there's a whole empathetic and aspect to it. I I have been using the intuitive aspect of it for an extremely long time, personally, but always put a lid on it because, you know, again, complete candor. Didn't know what people would think. Didn't want to lean into the full, true self. Wasn't sure if they wanted the hunger proof and so, so and then. So beginning of the year, I built out a software a small software design company. Sold it off at the beginning of the year because it was, it was just the right thing to do. I needed to, I needed to move. It wasn't working anymore for me. The it just I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't stomach anymore. To be completely frank, I sure I had, yeah, weak things to to be better than it had been, but it still wasn't. It wasn't everything so, and I've been doing consulting up until then, and so this has just been a gradual progression of moving closer and closer and closer to where I am, and that's how I got here, lots of lots of mentoring along the way, kind of in the quest for my own answers. You know, mentorships, one on one, mentorships, coaching, the other things that I've got,

Speaker 1  09:57
that I've done there, right, right? So you're new to. This full time?

Matthias Miller  10:02
Yes, I'm new to this full time. Oh, wow, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:05
So

Matthias Miller  10:10
it's, it has been, I have been in I have, I have pushed the edge before in business. So that part's not new, but there's something that's been so perfectly aligned with what I'm doing now that I don't think I've ever been in a place where I've had such a sense of calm and like I can explain to my rational mind how this is all going to work out and how this is going to work. And if I gave my rational mind the opportunity, it could freak out. It's had the opportunity to freak out, sure, but it's also been a place of calm. And the, you know, I've been doing initial sessions with people, and I've been getting really good feedback from from people so and obviously, mileage varities, it always does, but there have been some really great breakthroughs in some of the stuff that's that's been happening and, and it's one of those places where time completely stands still for me, like it's, it is a, it's a, I don't know how else to describe It, it's, it's, I mean, the flow in that space,

Speaker 1  11:23
there you go. Yeah, flow is a good word. That was the word that was coming to my mind, yeah, yeah, okay, um, so is there any training to this? Is this is like a culmination of life experiences, like, where's the depth of that come from.

Matthias Miller  11:44
It's there is training. I've always taken conventional paths of never words. I've tried certifications. I'm a Colby certified consultant, which is awesome.

Unknown Speaker  11:54
Colby score for what it's worth. Yeah, there

Matthias Miller  11:58
you go. And you can tell me that. I can tell you all kinds of stuff about that, but the real depth of this, I feel, comes from, you know, there's, there's two types of, there's multiple types of mentorships, for sure, relationships, you know, there's the coach who's like, helping pull stuff out of you. There's the mentor who's telling you, you go do this. But then there's also the person who's lived through life experience, and is living it out, and is walking shoulder to shoulder with you through stuff. And I find, I found, consistently, that's been the best way that I've learned. Here's the situation, here's somebody who's walked this journey. We're going to process this together. We're going to work through it. We're going to see through it, through the other side. And so, you know, I it's, it's been hundreds of 1000s of dollars invested, which isn't much for most, you know, some of the business owners that hang around, but it has been going deep down the rabbit trail, or the rabbit hole that, like I want to sort and filter and find, find the people who really live this stuff out and have this level of congruence and and and flow in their lives as well. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:06
yeah, interesting. So what is, what's and just for the record, I'm a standard trained salesperson, so I will ask questions until I'm satisfied for this work. So what does it? What does it? What does it look like? Like, hey, we're gonna, let's, let's go down the path again. What is, what does that look like? Yep,

Matthias Miller  13:26
so, well, I'm gonna flip this question back to you. Is okay, you're this is not your standard answer. You will probably find that I have more questions than answered answers, but I also have answers. You get it. But one of the pieces that I find that I have been building my life around has been collaborative strategy. And here it is, here's here it is simply put for us to go down the path together. I don't know where your journey. You know where you're at, how much you've processed, which what you've done, but at an absolute minimum, kicking off with a two with with a two hour console, or kicking off with one day and priming the pump on that and and there's a lot that we can uncover and unearth in that time, and from there, then it's a matter of staying calibrated and staying on track. And, you know, I don't know the exact timeline, like I said, I'm new. I'm new to this, but, but finding the cadence that works well for for you and I so is it? Is it a 30 minute check in every other week? And it just depends on your schedule and your availability, how deep you want to go into this stuff, how much action is required? I'm fine playing it by ear and having a cadence and a rhythm to get. Shift to just continually chipping, chipping away at it and and most likely at some point, you know, three to somewhere in the three to six month range, looking again at doing at a minimum, maybe not a one day, maybe at a minimum, a two hour deep dive, again, recalibrating. And and continuing from there as as much or as little as you need support, I find there's a lot of stuff about you. I don't know if all of us have forces around us who pull us away from our inner knowing, business obligations, partners, employees, family members, other situations, all of that and the force of that pull and where you are on your journey to leaning into the inner knowing and and walking that out for you, and re orchestrating your life around that like that's the the reason why we meet continually, where there's an ongoing thing is to fight that gravitational pull, to keep going back to to what it is that you're supposed to be, which you are, to stay connected to the inner knowing to to be sure, to know what it is that you are. I don't know. I'm repeating myself. I think you get it.

Speaker 1  16:39
Yeah, no worries. So talk to me a little bit about inner knowing what I mean. I have a con. I have an idea what you're talking about there, but what, what is, what does that? What does that mean?

Matthias Miller  16:50
So what I mean by that is all of us. I think truth is not something that's externalized or merely cognizant. I think it's something that we are to be united with and and what I find is that

Matthias Miller  17:18
we all have ways of taking the there are 101 ways where we externalize our decision making. So the PnL says this, Therefore we have to do that. My investor says this, I have to do this. Bank says this, I have to do that. And yes, it's true that we have to negotiate those relationships. But or I have this, I've set this goal for myself. I gotta hit this goal. And, and even if you you, you know that goal is like, there's something off in the goal, we're still going to push through and, and so what I mean by the inner knowing is, is is not stop externalizing decision making, bring decision making internally. It's, it's, it's not abandoned, abandoning mental, your mental faculty. But the best way I have to describe it is, and probably the the best way I know to do it is to lead people into an experience of that, finding that place of groundedness, and learning to live from that. But it's it is internalizing that and living from that, the lack of a better term union, union with truth from the inside out.

Speaker 1  18:48
So this, this is, this is my sister, written all over. I love her. It's a thing, right? What do you do with what do you do with left brain rational people?

Matthias Miller  18:58
So I love left brain rational people. The The question is not, are you left brain or right brain? The question is, Are you are you externalizing your decisions? Because all right people, people all develop their own protective mechanisms. For me, I've spent my time as an engineer. I know what it is to argue and debate and rationalize and problem solve and predict and forecast and all of that. There's a difference between engaging with that from a place of this is me and a place from I am using my my left brain faculties to self protect. So the what I would say back to you is most likely, in a left brain context, there is a rational plan, A, B, C and D. That I feel that, that that naturally emerges. And what this means for for somebody like you is here, here is an A it's like, here's the x and y axis, axis. So let's look at it from the z axis. And I'm going to give you perspective that you haven't seen before, and I still expect you to work through the the rational, logical implications. What it is that I that I'm offering, but it, but that's, that's the way that I would see it happening, kind of, I don't know this is too ethereal for you or not, but it's like no problem is ever solved in the level that it's created. And so let's get, let's break out of the left brain mode for a bit, and let's, let's look at this from from another dimension, and then from that space, we can start taking steps towards it and then integrating the left brain.

Unknown Speaker  20:53
I'm not for abandoning it. I

Matthias Miller  20:55
don't know if that answers your question.

Unknown Speaker  20:57
Yeah, I kind of see where you're going.

Speaker 1  21:14
What questions haven't we asked that we should have, or what topics should we not have? Should we should we like? What things should we still talk about that we haven't brought up yet?

Matthias Miller  21:29
I think the question I would turn to you is, what's going to happen when you have an outcome that you're exploring and you can't directly see the path, and you can't control the the the specifics of the outcome, or how fast, or how it exactly happens. I think that's the question. Back to you.

Speaker 1  21:55
I'll break out. I know the answer, but no, I think, I think it's an interesting question, because the so I've been in the company and then about 10 years, I bought equity about five years ago, I was general manager for about five years ago, right? Business owners are pretty aggressive, super urgent, change oriented kind of guy, right? Like he goes a different way to the restroom three times a day. He's just that guy, right? And so one of the arts of running a business is when to make a decision, how much information do I need to have, how far do I need to be able to see down the road in order to decide we're going left, we're going right and we're going back right, yep, um, obviously you know you, you've figured enough about me now to know I like more information than less. Right? Yeah, understand, um, but that's not always the the best path, so in my brain, there's always a calculus that says, Do I have enough information for this to be a reasonable risk?

Unknown Speaker  23:08
Yep, right. Understand

Speaker 1  23:11
when the answer is yes. Let's move forward when the answer is no, no decision. Yep, sense, yep. There's a slide rule there somewhere, right? Yeah. So

Matthias Miller  23:30
if you open to it, to a perspective on that, oh yes, it's, there's, I think part of this is there's, there's additional sources of information, for lack of a better term, I know this is so your sister, and probably not the space that I mean, it's not the space that business cultivates, but there's a sixth sense, and the additional information that we're looking to integrate into the decision making. And do I have enough information? Is, is the sixth sense? It's the inner knowing. And that I would, I would make the argument that that is an information source in learning that or

Unknown Speaker  24:09
intuition, or whatever you want

Matthias Miller  24:10
to call it, yes, exactly,

Speaker 1  24:12
whatever you want, Yep, Yeah, yeah, for sure, I think, from an analytical standpoint, the intuition or the gut sense, gets like it. I don't trust that, right? Yep, my partner lives off of it. Yep, right, yep, that's, that's the world right? Yep, I see the data. It It must be wrong, because my gut says that right. It's a whole different decision making project. And again, I think the there's an art form there of blending the two together, yep, so that there's, there's functionality in the decision maker. Yes, yeah, yes.

Matthias Miller  24:56
And, and, I think the difference there is curiosity. So. So my gut that the diff. It's the difference between saying, Here's what the data says, Here's my what my gut says. Throw away the data. No, it's here's what the data says, Here's what my gut says. Let's get curious, because there's a problem that's more nuanced than what it appears appears on the on the surface. So let's go dig in. And it might be that the data is mostly right, but the conclusion is slightly wrong, or there is this piece of the data that is wrong that we actually should take a second look at, and again, curiosity and and finesse nuance, which you understand, I think,

Speaker 1  25:33
is it's critical, right? Yeah, for sure. For sure. Interesting. Okay, so where I am or what is work? Why are we? Why are why are we on the call? Why is this been present forever? So I've been with Andrew 10 years. I'm a minority owner. I own 20% we've had some good times. We've had some very rocky time. We're since covid, we've been on a spiral, up down, up down, up down, up down. And I can track it to his emotion I can track it to his emotional state, right? And so I don't know if Roberta told you or not, but we lost the child in January. Well, I'm sorry she did not. And I was out for about five, six weeks. And for that period, my business partner was on the best of him immediately upon my return, that's five over, completely the other side, right? And I got near the worst of him at that point in life, right? Wow, um, we've always struggled to stay in alignment with very different people. We see that we've seen the world differently, we feel the world differently, right? It's not the first CEO and VM in that spot for what is wrong? Oh, yeah. Very, very well aware that right, where I find myself Is it? Is it a point where, after 10 years, you you have to wonder, like, we ain't figured this out in 10 years. Are we going to right? And at this point in time, do I want to continue down this path with that person? And if I'm, if the answer is no, which is my guess is what the answer is? What happens next? Yep, right. Yeah, right. And so, there's the there's the corruption, where we stand at you at the moment in time, right? Yeah. And so, from, you know, from a certain standpoint, I'm running you a small business world where 5 million bucks, the peer group, five and a half. The pure group I'm in, the biggest company in there is 11 million. So that's the, that's kind of the group you run in, right? And they're all, they're all construction companies, which means you got a bunch of alpha a bunch of alphas in the room, right? Yep, yep, yep. And so the the noise in my head for the last 10 years is I'm not built the right way to be the alpha. I should always be the beta. Wow, right. Are you familiar with disc this personality? Yes, okay, this so I'm a 7080s seven or 80 C, 70 s, 60. And I have just enough i to register on the scale, not that much, right? Yes, you can take Roberta, Roberta and I's DISC profile, and they are like this, right? Completely out. Yes, right? And so, on one hand, I'm not an employee, I'm not a wage earner, I'm not an hourly earner. I don't think that way. I don't want to think that way. It's not how I am going to spend the rest of my whatever, right? Yeah. On the other hand, where does my view of the world fit into a company or whatever right that's going to match up to the the life that I want to live and that my wife and I want to live, right like? How do I find that space? Yeah, yeah. My My guest is, and I can be really, really often or the answer, I am not wired to go, like, Let's go start a company from scratch and turn it into 15 million. I'm not wired that way. Most likely. Wired to coach, to train, possibly, I've seen a few people that our business coach worked with that bought companies post startup. Yep, right. So they're that non dominant side, non aggressive side. They pick those, pick those that companies start up and just run with them. I've seen people buy passes, right, ice machines, invest in this, buy a house, you know, these kind of things, and just build a little structure around themselves. Fine, right? So I'm in that spot of if, if I step out from behind the big alpha, right? What happens? Yep, right. And if I'm going to step out, what seems to you know, because, you know, I already have a list, there's these five things directions. I believe this could go right, yeah. And is it the right list? Is it the right group on the list? Which 1am I going to pick? Which couple am I going to pick, right? So there's kind of where I fit at the moment in time, right? Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:21
So what would be the ideal scenario for you

Unknown Speaker  31:27
in terms of,

Matthias Miller  31:30
let's say, in terms of us working together, if that's what it would end up looking like. I

Unknown Speaker  31:44
Yes, that's a good question.

Speaker 1  31:53
Ooh, good question, I think what I let's look at it from the personality of Mark. What I have missed from the coaching I have received up to this point is, how does Mark Configure? The way mark is configured obtain the things Mark wants to obtain. Yeah, what I tend to get a lot from the feedback standpoint is either you will never be that person out in front because you're not wired that way, or you need to be like the people who are out in front, because that's what's required, right? Yes, and that tends to be what the coaching is. And then I look around the room and I see the people wired like me that run multi, multi million, some of billion dollar firms. And I know it's just not true, and so I have not yet. I'm at this point in time, I'm no Bill Gates, right? He's not an alpha side guy. I've read enough of stuff. Watched him talking up. He's not an alpha side guy, he's the beta side guy. He was the Alpha side, right? You can see it, right. So will I run a billion dollar mark of a fan? Maybe? Maybe not. I don't know the answer that question, but I can build a business entity that feeds the lifestyle we want to have. Allows me to build the teams and grow the people that I like to grow right and not be viz or

Matthias Miller  33:30
Musker

Speaker 1  33:32
Musk that was the guy was trying to pull out my head right, whatever, right.

Matthias Miller  33:37
We wouldn't be having this conversation if you were that over the top, yeah, straight up, be honest, yeah,

Speaker 1  33:45
well, that guy's not going to talk to you. He doesn't need your advice. He knows everything right, yeah. I also know that I need a more, I don't want to say structured approach, but I but like, go out and try 97 things until you figure the right thing is not the way I'm going to go about it. Yep, right. Go get a half ass broken system, and by force of my will make it work, probably not the way I'm going to go about it, right? Yeah. So the question is, how do I get where I want to go with the skills and the talents that I have and not have to be somebody else in order to achieve that. Okay, yep, does that make sense? Yes, it does.

Matthias Miller  34:31
So. Speaking back to you, you're who you are externally, you have evidence that you can be exactly who you are and when in the way that you want to internally, for whatever reason, there's question marks connecting the dots. I can't see the plan. I don't see how all these pieces tie together. I don't know what scorecard to use, completely to. Sort and sift through the different opportunities as well, perhaps. And you know, the question I would flip back to you

Unknown Speaker  35:13
is,

Matthias Miller  35:21
what kind of person do you think you would benefit from the most in order to sort through these things?

Unknown Speaker  35:39
Good question. So

Speaker 1  35:46
I'm just going to externally process that question for a minute. So apologies. So far, we have worked with three coaches for any four coaches for any length of time, some of them small, some of them short, right? Two of those coaches are alpha side, high DS in the disc world, 100% they brought value in that they had the ability to say, Mark, you gotta move. You gotta quit trying to decide that's valuable, right? It's fine, because, right there, I found them not long term helpful, because they kept trying to dance me back in their mood. You just behave my way, because my way is the way it should be done, right? Yep, I swear Pete knew coach was for two years, and I still love and have a lot of respect for him. He must ask me, Mark, can't you move faster? Like 9000 times, right? Yeah. Pete, this is my speed, three times faster. What is yesterday? Three times tomorrow. Speed today. The other hydro. Tell me what to do. I didn't laugh on not very good at that. The my high coach peg. She's real sweetheart. She really, she did really well to help my business partner and I behave better, be better citizens. But when it came to like, strategic decision making or working through like, is it the left fork or the right fork? She was like, oh, that sounds good to me. Do that? Okay? Well, I'm looking for a little more reassurance in that. Or like we talk through this a little bit like it just goes, shout, right? Which is which you tend to get out of that, that personality type. So what? What would work? That is a good question. I definitely don't need a high C. I don't need a super detailed person. I'm bringing up details to save the planet. So the I think there's a balance between the other perspective I need to have right which there's no doubt about any other perspective and an appreciation for how I am going to apply, uh, process and how I'm going to make decisions, right, like, yep. This is who you are. I understand this, how this is going to go up, yep, right? Exactly. Yep, yeah.

Matthias Miller  38:22
So you've been in leadership. You're good at reading people on a scale of one to 10, and this is not, I'm not offended by any answer, and I don't care if it's zero on a scale of one to 10, on a scale of one to 10 based on how you read me and or the short conversation we've had, which I know isn't much. I know you're going to want more information, but with 80% accuracy, what is your perception of me and whether I fit that, that type of person that you're going after?

Speaker 1  38:54
No, I'm not sure. Right? So, transparency, right? I sort of like the journey you're on. One of the checkbox, one of the options for, like, what's next in life could be the same journey for whatever, right? I go about it a very different way. I can promise you I would never have invented anything that had to do with inner milling. Roberta might have gave it to me, but I understand, right? I'll take your path of the thing of like, let me help you operationalize that plan and hold your team accountable, and we'll get something done right the way I'm going to cook, yes, right, for sure. So it doesn't necessarily like you're not a certified, whatever coach. That doesn't bother me. I don't really care about I think I'm still trying. I'm still trying to grasp your philosophy here, right? Like, what do. How is this philosophy work? How is like, haven't peered enough into your head yet to like, what's in there? Yeah, yep. So I'm about five at the moment. Okay. Yeah, sounds good. Good question. Good sales. Good sales question. I love it.

Unknown Speaker  40:22
So

Unknown Speaker  40:30
I

Matthias Miller  40:34
I love working with people I'm aligned with, and I'm fine with risk. I'm I've taken a lot. I've I actually have, I feel like a weird combination of personality, there's there's SNC and risk taking all mixed together. And I don't know sometimes which way is up, but it's a reality of it.

Unknown Speaker  40:55
The,

Matthias Miller  40:58
I guess, the the question I would have, perhaps is, or I guess what I would, I would propose, is, I've had much better luck doing a show, don't tell. I think of much of my coaching, like, don't get me wrong, I love explanation and philosophizing, but I find it to be more of a performing art with positive outcomes. And I think as we work together, you'll get a grid around my framework of thinking, but I'm more interested in working through the practicalities of your situation and and giving you a taste of what that is like than I am. Let's go turn the philosophies inside out and climb into memory show you how I actually do this.

Speaker 1  41:58
Make sense? Yeah, yeah. Sure, sure. So the other thing that I'm intrigued about, right? Is because if you were a programmer, there's process and detail in your head, yeah, and what you're proposing is a, is more of a feel your way through this kind of philosophy. And I find that intriguing, right? Yeah, it seems, it seems counterintuitive to program right,

Matthias Miller  42:23
if it helps you any. I in the software design company, I was personally responsible for building out about 40,000 words of SOPs, templates, training material, all of that stuff. So

Speaker 1  42:39
it's you weren't, you weren't typing code. You weren't typing code into a machine.

Matthias Miller  42:46
No, at some point it was yes, I was typing, typing the machine. Everybody was gonna do that to get started, right? Yeah, you do that to get started. And everybody looked at me and was like, You think differently, and we don't understand why? Well, sure, I do, but that that process, that way of thinking, I find it intriguing, but I have a lot of COO, second in command, types of friends who show up because there's some synergies in that. But you're right. It's a contradiction, like I'm suggesting that that we do do it differently. Yeah,

Speaker 1  43:23
that's less than a complicated so, okay, that helps a little Alright, so tell me a little bit. So we got two hour kickoff and one day deep dives. What's, what's the funding on that? What's the monetization on those times?

Matthias Miller  43:39
So the two hour deep dive, 1k the the one day 20, make sure I get this 2500

Speaker 1  43:57
the 500 bucks an hour ago, discount on the big day discount on the big day. Yeah, okay, and I'm assuming that that philosophy falls through, like, if we're doing a two hours a month, it's 500 bucks an hour, probably something like that. Yep, definitely. Part of risk is knowing what it costs. Yep, this. Okay.

Matthias Miller  44:23
This is also horrible sales pitch. I'm gonna say it anyway. Collaborative strategy, one of my friends introduced me to pricing strategy that's called Happy pricing. So here's here's the pricing. It's got to be happy for both of us. If and I have zero clue, I don't know what your budget is, maybe you're like, Wow, this is so so low, like I'm gonna have trouble selling this guy. This is so so high for something so nebulous. It's ridiculous. I have no idea if, if there is, if I'm not offended by saying, hey, look so full transparency. Startup mode. I love getting more. Momentum. I'm not offended you coming back and saying, Look, I just can't do that. And here's my proposal. I don't tell you I'm happy you're not happy. And if we're both happy, we'll do it. And if we're not happy, like no one, no foul. So I just want to, I know it puts myself in a bad, bad negotiation position,

Unknown Speaker  45:14
but I don't care sure, for sure, for sure, if

Matthias Miller  45:18
you're going to take advantage of me, you wouldn't like coaching with me anyway, so you me anyway. So

Speaker 1  45:23
there you go. Very good. Okay, and then, and I'm, I'm expecting the right answer to this, but I'm assuming that you're going to want to work Monday through Friday during reasonable busy powers. Correct?

Matthias Miller  45:38
Yeah, you're in the east. You're in Virginia,

Unknown Speaker  45:41
yes, Eastern Time.

Matthias Miller  45:43
My cutoff time is, is 445 mountain, 645, Eastern.

Unknown Speaker  45:52
Oh, yeah, we could do four o'clock Eastern or something like that

Speaker 2  45:55
again, yeah, four o'clock Eastern would be, yeah. Where are you looking from? Southern Colorado? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  46:02
we're at in Colorado

Matthias Miller  46:04
Canyon City, so hours southwest of Colorado Springs, 20 minutes from the Royal Gorge, right on Highway 50, nestled between two mountain ranges

Speaker 1  46:13
over Labor Day weekend, my wife and I will be in Colorado Springs,

Matthias Miller  46:22
so I've got family in town that What are you coming? What are you leaving? It's

Speaker 1  46:33
going to be a quickie. Okay, well, I tell you what that's that's not entirely true. So let's talk about this a different way, just thinking out loud. So we get in late Thursday night to 29th okay? I work crew on of all things, and we can talk one day about how this happened, but I work crew on a B 29 super fortress. If you're familiar with what that

Matthias Miller  47:07
is, nope, I'm not. You're gonna have to give me a little bit yeah. A

Speaker 1  47:10
B, 29 super fortress is a type of plane that dropped the atomic bombs. It's a world war two era um Pittston bomber. And it is in Colorado Springs over that weekend. Yep. So we'll be working most of that weekend. That's a pretty busy thing, where it starts at six in the morning and don't land till thick at night, booking all day of air. Yeah. Um, however I am staying in town, the third and the fourth. Okay, I fly out on the fourth at like two, three o'clock in the afternoon, because I'm visiting a design build firm in Boulder. So theoretically, we could do afternoon or dinner or something on the Tuesday the fourth.

Matthias Miller  48:09
Yes afternoon would be, I gotta wrap up no later than 330 or four, depending where we're at. But I 100% could meet up with you sometime from about you know, probably about 130 to anytime, from 130 to 330 up there is probably the best, best time if I'm coming up, or if you want to come down, I don't know what you guys want to do. So,

Speaker 1  48:37
yeah, she'll be going. She goes home Monday night. Yeah, I'm staying a couple of extra days. How far is? How far are you from Boulder?

Matthias Miller  48:49
Oh, from Boulder. Boulder's three hours. I think,

Unknown Speaker  48:54
Oh, that's a roll in it. That's a little far. That's

Matthias Miller  48:56
a little far. It springs is an hour. But bolder. That's,

Speaker 1  49:05
yeah. So if you got family in town over the weekend that probably, we probably won't be able to make that

Matthias Miller  49:11
work. Yeah? The only real option is, you say late Thursday night you're working. I mean, by Friday afternoon

Speaker 1  49:18
we don't land, yeah, we don't land until like 830 or something like that. Yeah, no, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  49:23
I Yeah, unless you

Unknown Speaker  49:24
want to do breakfast real early on Monday, like a seven o'clock breakfast or something on Monday.

Matthias Miller  49:34
Yeah, probably not, yeah. Sorry, it's so close. I've, I've been this goes back to arranging my life a young family, lots of stuff going, got family visiting out of town, and, my God,

Unknown Speaker  49:53
kids. Yeah, we

Matthias Miller  49:55
got kids. Got six kids. I.

Speaker 1  50:00
It nice, Yep, yeah. Don't worry. Yeah, it's a long shot. When we're in college, when we're on the tour, stops it they they run all day long, right? So they stopped the whole day, yeah? So, yep, no worries. Alright. So then what to do is probably just chat with my wife. Obviously, when you know, when all these decisions get made, they go through the through my supervisor for last word, yep, yep, right. And then they should circle back. I would say, if you haven't heard from me in a week, you should ping me. Alright. Did you

Matthias Miller  50:41
do you want to? Okay, so Thursday, you're, you're getting on a plane late afternoon. Do you want me to what's what's I get? What's the best time? Thursday, sometime? Can you email, text, what's best?

Speaker 1  50:54
Good question. Or two hours behind me. I get on the plane here at like five. So there's a time frame between three and five. My time is really good. So that is one to three o'clock your time.

Matthias Miller  51:16
Yeah, I mean same time, next same time next week is good for

Unknown Speaker  51:26
Yeah, I may be running across the airport. Do you

Matthias Miller  51:30
want to do well? I mean, we can do later too. What?

Unknown Speaker  51:37
How about Wednesday?

Unknown Speaker  51:40
Yep, Wednesday. At what time?

Unknown Speaker  51:44
Four, Eastern, five. Eastern, yep, four,

Matthias Miller  51:49
either one's either one's good with me. What's you? Tell me what's good me.

Speaker 1  51:53
Give me five. I've got a time block there to work on, some reworking job descriptions and US accountability charts and all that kind of stuff. That's the that's the afternoon that day I am sending that over. Now, go ahead, alright, and if you get a while here, when everybody's in town, you want to come up and see a bunch of airplanes. You can run up to Colorado Springs, good planes, flower engine. Let's see here. So here our history tour. We should we schedule? This is our next to last stop for the year.

Unknown Speaker  52:51
But I didn't crew on that airplane.

Unknown Speaker  52:56
It's still living for me. Nice.

Unknown Speaker  53:02
That's That's awesome. Man, yeah, they'll have, I'm a big old plane nerd, but they'll have trainer out there. This is a real nice plane to fly in.

Speaker 1  53:19
Little planes fly all day long. Big punch flying, yeah, yep, so cool, cool, all right, good. Do you go by matter Matthias?

Unknown Speaker  53:32
I go by Matthias. Matthias.

Unknown Speaker  53:40
Awesome. Pleasure catching up. Yeah,

Speaker 2  53:45
good job. All right, enjoy either well. All right, we'll do you as well.

Unknown Speaker  53:49
Thanks, man. Goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai