Matthias Miller  00:00
Thank you. Okay, so person one is COO of a large company. We have not worked together yet, but he would potentially be an ideal client. Sorry. COO of a $20 million plumbing company, okay, looking to resign. Turn in his resignation on a four month exit plan, um, evaluating whether he's going to do a fractional, fractional role. But the big problem is probably, how do I make sure that I have a net when I land now, he's very capable, and just putting his name out there, like, do I want to run a business? Do I want to be like, What do I want to be? Do I run a want to run a fractional business? Do I want to go work full time for another company? Do I want to that would be an example where it's major life event, and I need help starting my course. Kind of a thing. Another individual Freelancer in leadership at a guessing low seven figure low to mid seven figure company resigned, and now is freelancing, but doesn't have but hasn't been able to generate the freelance income that he wants to. So it's a smaller it's a lower end. Is not the higher tier leader that I'm after, but it also doesn't really like the problem as as addressed was I'm living off off my savings, and it's dwindling away, and I don't know how to get gigs.

Unknown Speaker  01:57
Um, okay,

Matthias Miller  02:00
um. Option three.

Matthias Miller  02:12
I've been in this role that seems pretty good. I'm getting restless. I've been kicking around some ideas. I don't know which way to go. It's time for me to do something. I feel like I'm really good with ideas, but really terrible at execution. Kind of more of a freelance consultant role, and, and, but, and I'm just, I need clarity on where to go next. I'm a serial entrepreneur. I have all these experience. I mega scale the business, and the only path forward that I can see way to use my talent is by giving it away for free. And I'm not this is number sorry, this is like number four, maybe. Okay, so

Speaker 1  03:07
the role and restless and clarity on what you go next is number three, yes, okay, and then number four is an entrepreneur. Okay?

Matthias Miller  03:17
Serial entrepreneur help grow and scale businesses massively. Can't see any way to use his talents besides giving consulting. Doesn't see how people could pay for his talents in any way which. The dude has an insane track record. So let's just you know, but I don't know what to do. Here's my background. I don't know what to do, and I don't know how to get paid for what I'm for, what I'm doing, or for what I want to do, the thing that really makes me come alive.

Matthias Miller  03:50
Another guy, I've been the second in command for a lot of companies. I helped grow them like crazy. I haven't been able to capture upside. I'm only bringing in. I'm not bringing in as much into my business for myself as I'd like, and I don't know how to fix this, and I don't really know where to go from here. So another one is startup entrepreneur. I don't know what the problem the felt problem was, perhaps feeling stuck, maybe imposter syndrome. I don't know what just a, I think it's more of a I am a startup. I'm a freelancer. I feel intimidated and over my head, and I feel lost and I'm not sure where to go. And I don't think it's even as much looking for clarity. It's just I'm lost, and I'm kind of grasping at straws, or grasping straws. Another one also startup. Hey, I'm really into this spiritual stuff. I've been looking for stuff that lights, lights me up and gets me, gets me. Eight, and I just have enough to do an entry level program. I think it's so awesome. And I think I want to follow in your footsteps and do what it is you're doing in some fashion. Next one is a, next one is a, you know what's common here?

Unknown Speaker  05:25
Keep going. Just keep Yeah, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  05:29
Next one is a, what are some of the others? Cereal on or a a polymath. I'm not sure how success hyper successful in career, I would say, but looking to but sees a path to integrating diverse talent and just, quite frankly, wrestling with wrestling with the next step, which way do I go? So weighing out options between weighing out multiple paths of where to go. Another one is a i Uh, okay, these are, these are now moving more into candidate space. These would be great to work with. Um, if they would be open to it. One is a second in command, burning candle at both ends. Can't even breathe enough to find the person to take stuff off his plate and is, and the problem, the problem he's experiencing is, I'm inordinately busy, and this is like a COO CO two I see for like, a seven, $8 million company,

Matthias Miller  07:10
another one that could be a candidate. There's some weird issues going on, but I've been hyper successful at sales. I've tried going back into that. It's not working. None of the companies that I get into have good environments, and I don't know who I am or where I want to be, and I feel like an imposter, and I'm just this one's a little harder, because it doesn't feel like I think there's perhaps not a great candidate, because there's there's too much negative inertia, like I'm not ready to move out and try things or start taking steps in a direction, hyper analytical in the head. But the basic issue is, I don't know what to do. I don't know which direction to go, and I've got too many opportunities, and I know which one to choose. I part of the issue with that, that one in particular may just be positioning, and I'm more of a friend than and I've stopped being an advisor, because that just doesn't work.

Unknown Speaker  08:18
What other candidate do?

Matthias Miller  08:34
Another one I this is very small company. I had dreams of scaling this thing. It's been bumpier than I needed, than than I ever expected it to be, and the bottom just fell out of my out of my industry, and I'm out of work, and I'm trying to figure out, do I want to stay here, whether the storm and find a path through, or do I want to shift to a different area? And, oh, by the way, and I'm trying to decide which path to take.

Matthias Miller  09:11
There is a lot of so here's my observation. It's,

Speaker 1  09:14
this is like, I don't know this. This is, this is just gold. The patterns are there.

Matthias Miller  09:26
It's very clearly, either I've got a few choice, either I can't I've got choices and I don't know which one, or I'm stuck and I don't see the path forward. What are you seeing? I

Unknown Speaker  09:50
Okay,

Speaker 1  09:55
so this is good. Now I want. I want. I want all, all of it from you. You go first.

Matthias Miller  10:03
I I am an aspirational, I'm an aspirational, like exceptional person. I've won in the past, I've I've really hit the marks and checked the boxes. I'm really good, and I know that, but I'm here in this they don't use this language. I use this language. I'm here in the valley of the shadow of death. I'm lost. I feel blind, and I don't know which I don't know how to walk. I could go multiple paths. I don't know which one to choose, or like I just or I don't even see my way out of it, and I don't know where to go, but if you would tell me where to go, or, no, not if you would tell me, but if I could see where to go, I was I would, I would start walking. I just don't know how to I don't know how to point my compass in the right direction. It's like when you have a compass in a weird, magnetic Where's the place where all the ships and planes disappear, like the Bermuda the Bermuda Triangle is like having a compass in the media the triangle, and the thing is spinning around, and you're like, man, if this thing would just hold still and point to north, I would start rowing my way towards north, but I can't, like, I'm locked like, this thing isn't working. No what you were getting ready to say, Okay,

Speaker 1  11:32
I will. Should Never again. Try and write copy without looking at past ideal clients. This is like worlds apart. I think

Speaker 1  11:51
very much I had the same thing, three, three main bullets, hyper successful, exiting a business or career, next thing, too many opportunities not knowing what to choose.

Speaker 1  12:13
I and I mean the first the first view, number one, past ideal client was they resigned. Number two, they resigned. I forget. Number three, they had a good role, but they felt restless. So the the the pattern is these. These are, there's a tectonic shift. There's a massive life transition, yep, and this is perfect, because you don't necessarily need to define like that's the bleeding neck Is, is their their life is in upheaval.

Speaker 1  13:21
And and, and they need, they need a there's a chasm. They need a bridge. They need a bridge to walk over.

Matthias Miller  13:38
And it's, it's been

Unknown Speaker  13:39
smoothly where they are to where the next thing, yeah,

Matthias Miller  13:42
we're the next thing. And it's been smooth sailing up until now. But now things are getting choppy and rocky and like, I like

Speaker 1  13:52
the sailing you've had. You've had success sailing, smooth sailing. And you've, you've ran into the Bermuda Triangle. That's like,

Matthias Miller  14:08
and it's causing you to question everything that you knew about yourself,

Speaker 1  14:11
right? I like that. I like the the you know, time and space are being bended by the right. The this gravitational pull, maybe a market, maybe right? Something upheaval. There's some upheaval, and it's bigger than you. Yeah, and you can't work your way through it. Yes. I

Speaker 1  14:44
and all the king's men, all the wise people, all the right, yep.

Speaker 1  14:58
I mean ironically. Okay, I've helped. I helped one, one past client.

Speaker 1  15:13
Let me try and figure out, let me, let me show you the presentation we did together. It's kind of similar to this. He's he, he was a,

Unknown Speaker  15:31
he was the CEO for IPEC coaching, and then he started to do his own life coaching

Speaker 1  15:47
anyways, and we call it meaningful life, success, clarity, transition and purpose anyways. And we may we, you know, you know this model, right, right, so, but I, the one I'm focusing on is life transition.

Matthias Miller  16:21
So here's my only beef with it. Obviously, there's a demand. It's an issue. It's a felt issue. The word transition itself is hyper overused.

Speaker 1  16:36
Oh, we don't need that languaging, but,

Matthias Miller  16:39
but, you're right there is this, this point of decision,

Speaker 1  16:46
decision point. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:57
it's also interesting that I mean my friend, the not a past client, potential client. Well, the friend who resigned is actually not client, but I think could easily be one, and showed up in my life a month and a half before he resigned, I mean, showed up in my life like we've we've met, we've talked, we've connected the past. Haven't talked much lately, and then a month and a half before this happens, he's in town. We touch base, we start having phone calls, and here he is.

Speaker 1  17:31
I, I like talking about some kind of exit or resignate, or, you know, exiting career, or exiting a business, whatever it is. And then the maybe the 100 proof, you is that

Unknown Speaker  17:56
it's almost like I feel like I was, I feel like I was in the chrysalis, and I just, I'm wanting to break free.

Matthias Miller  18:10
It's like this is the moment of opportunity I'm

Speaker 1  18:12
wanting, I'm wanting to go to something where I can, I can launch into, into something bigger that has more of me in it than my than my past thing.

Matthias Miller  18:25
I like that a lot. So it's yes, I like the term exit generally. So exit mean, so that's an event. I so I mean a little tagline, exit is the opportunity,

Matthias Miller  18:53
and in the past. So here you are. It's an exit. Something's you can tell something, something's changing. There's a push. Whether you're if you're not out yet, there's a push to get out. If you are out, you're looking and the and the main thing that you know is that everything that you you know, everything you've done up until now has been preparation, but you also know that everything up until now has been a diluted version of you

Speaker 1  19:27
and and you want, you're like, it's preparation, but it's it doesn't. You don't want to be defined by the past things,

Matthias Miller  19:36
right? You want to evolve beyond, it. You know, it has a purpose, but it's not a linear path. And I think what most people will tell you, I mean, this is my view from the resumes. Resumes have nothing to do with talent. They they speak to skills and experience. And most people. Look at you and say, Well, let's take a look at where you're from and what you have.

Matthias Miller  20:18
What's the next logical step?

Unknown Speaker  20:22
The that's the outside in approach.

Matthias Miller  20:23
It's the outside in approach. And I'm saying no, flip it around. We're doing the inside. We are we are not looking. You're not looking outside. You're looking. You're looking to find union with truth and allowing that inner knowing to guide your next step. And by the way, life and the people around you has beaten that inner knowing so deep to death that you can even hear it yourself, and it's lonely and you don't know how to and, and it's frustrating because you know that you should quote, quote should I don't know if I like that quote. Quote should have the inner knowing. You want the inner knowing, but you don't know how to get in touch with the under knowing.

Speaker 2  21:20
I which

Matthias Miller  21:41
is a lot of what I do is I pay attention. Okay, first of all, that's what the memos are, let's, let's, it's union with truth to find out what this thing is. And then it's unpacking, and it's kind of becomes an invitation to the other person to start unpacking around that, but and then it's also paying attention, because there's little, I guess this one guy is doing, doing work unpaid, but massively energizing and not visible on his face, but visible internally.

Unknown Speaker  22:23
And

Matthias Miller  22:26
and, you know, he confirmed as much when I, when I asked him about it.

Speaker 1  22:39
Okay, so I um, okay, so here's, I want to bring back sanctuary, yes, and under. And that's the what I had come up the line I came up with before I was wanting to bring spirit and tie it to Sanctuary. So here's here's where you said you should have the inner knowing, but you don't know how to get in touch for the inner knowing. And before that, you said, Life and those around you have beaten this out of you. Be in this out of you, uh, but you haven't lost your ability to hear. Okay. So here's what I was thinking the sanctuary. Sanctuary is the place for inner knowing. It's a way of tuning out all the other voices so you can hear the still small voice,

Matthias Miller  23:51
and maybe not the still small voice, voice, but so that you can hear, so that you can hear the inner knowing, or whatever it is, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,

Unknown Speaker  24:02
sanctuary.

Unknown Speaker  24:06
That is yes.

Speaker 1  24:09
I think that's sanctuary is the place for inner knowing. Sanctuary is the place for inner knowing. It is you turn off all the other voices. And I think all those other voices are and that's what I liked about I wanted the I wanted to distinguish like insight from information or Yes, or intuition and intellect, like there's a place beyond. There's a place beyond what the world is giving, what all these voices are giving, and it's it's crowding out. You. The Sixth Sense, yes, right?

Matthias Miller  25:08
And the only, and I think of this as a form of calibration. I mean, this is the space that I'm looking to create. It's a form of calibration. So you can come into the sanctuary, yeah, listen to the inner knowing. And I mean, ultimately, ideally, and I think this is where my business partner will come in and developing, helping people cultivate that more intentionally, but in the short term, these are, this is it,

Matthias Miller  25:39
by the way you can talk about, I don't know how you describe it, but there's a lot of emotion, a lot of positive emotion that's that comes with leaving the sanctuary.

Unknown Speaker  25:51
Oh, like you, you're leaving with energy, yeah, like,

Matthias Miller  25:53
energy, peace, boldness. I mean, it's, it's the thing that you okay, it's the parade, the Greek where you were talking about like parasia. It's the parasia. It's the shalom, it's the agape, it's the

Matthias Miller  26:18
king of is righteousness, peace, joy, whatever the I don't know what the joy thing would be, but

Unknown Speaker  26:25
like, it's anointing.

Matthias Miller  26:28
It's it's the anointing. People don't have language for it, but little, PS, it's fun looking at people trying to describe that who don't have language for it, and people have always talked about how inspiring and like, I don't know it's just interesting. Why can people try to find words to describe it?

Speaker 1  26:52
I liked a spirited man, spirited woman. It's like you're, you're, you're walking in your spirit, not not just your mind. Yeah,

Speaker 1  27:22
and that that that ties directly to, you know, the the martini glass, or the wine glass, which is the sanctuary, is where you get filled up.

Unknown Speaker  27:40
Yes, yes.

Matthias Miller  27:45
And as you learn to live in Sanctuary, you get to learn to live full as well

Speaker 1  27:51
out there, right out there, and that's abiding in the sanctuary. You bring it with you, right? Well, and

Matthias Miller  27:58
it means, I mean, I don't know that. We tell them this, this might be what they learn after they get in the door, but that means re orchestrating your life. Okay? My my spiritual director, used the term early on, spoke a lot about idols and fear of man versus fear of God, and repeatedly, just like in this way, this way, this way, this way, this way, this way. And then it became super clear, like, and one of my other mentors did the same thing. He's like it. It has been said, Happy wife, happy life, but I say unto you, happy life, Happy wife, well, that's weird, like, that's not right, that's not biblical, that's not well, except that happy wife, happy life, means that there is a lordship of people pleasing, by which her voice dictates you, but you're only designed and created to answer to one voice, and as you do that, it doesn't mean to be a jerk or a narc or whatever. It just means that's what you're created for. Well, financially, this thing that I'm doing doesn't make sense. You weren't meant to serve money. You were meant to serve the kingdom. So,

Speaker 1  29:11
so that's that's actually where I had a different approach, which is like we had the wrong definition of freedom, and you're giving power to, you know, all external measures of success, right? Those? Those are idols you had. You talked about control, and letting go of control and letting things emerge. And this is where, this is where I think, when you go to the sanctuary, you smash your idols and you surrender, right? Yes, control and from the sanctuary. Now, things can emerge without you pushing for them, right? It's like things fall into place. Someone, someone had this description. I think it was why this? Why you do, why spiritual formation does what it does. And it's that, if you, you know, think of having like a farm, and you have a little, you have a little, you know, tree line, and little little, you have this overgrowth out back, and it's all dark, right? And but like, if you, if you just cut, if you just cut all the things down, you don't need to make life happen. The sun, yes, the sun, yes, gives life to it, and it emerges, yes, and what like? And that's yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:10
There's a fractal nature to this. So the they tell you about the call with the guy who went sideways. I had a 50 minute call with with a guy scheduled, and he's like, Oh, well, I read your email, and I don't know what you're doing, but I saw it, and I'm not fulfilled, because I'm like to help people. How can I help you? And I'm like, this is not the I should have wrapped up the call. I should have said, I'm sorry. Like, no worries. Probably not a fit. Like, wrap it up. I should have done that. I didn't do it. Um, he wanted to direct the call. And as soon as I started talking about memos, he's like, I just, I opened up the door, like, Hey, I don't know what you're you know, just tell me what's your spiritual background, or whatever. And he immediately is, like, I read through the Bible three times, and I, like, did all this stuff and and I laid out what, what it is I do. And I started, like, leaning in, and he's like, okay, like, how can I help you? Like, this is my I love to give. My giving meter is low. How can I give the context and the frame of these calls from the very beginning is surrender and flow. You're not coming to me. I am going to get this in a state of flow through memos. And by the way, I mean, I've had, you know, we went through this conversation, this meandering journey, and then questions start bubbling up. And you know what as those questions bubble up, answers bubble bubble in. And, I mean, one guy 30 minutes from the end of the call was like, I know we probably can't answer this in the time that we have left, but, and we, I don't know that we fully answered it, but we got some really good next steps on something that he felt extremely good about, as far as how to like proceed that he hadn't seen before. So why do I say all that bad call is this guy who had to take control and was not willing to relinquish control, and his reward was he gave me all the advice, and I'm like, Well, that's what I'm doing. That's what I'm doing. I'm doing that. Cool. Anything else done? See you later. And again, should have wrapped that personally, I think I should have wrapped the call earlier, but then, but these other calls, it's about welcome, like I'm going to take the lead real language control, and we're going to watch what happens. And things are wonderful when you do that. So anyway,

Unknown Speaker  33:32
I like that. I think I

Speaker 1  33:40
uh, yeah, they. What's kind of brilliant about this is it the person who's coming to you, if you frame the messaging like you've had your exit, your lost, like they're actually they've come to you surrender, yes, like because they've already knocked Yes, they've already been told. They've already right,

Unknown Speaker  34:13
yes, yes and yes,

Matthias Miller  34:17
very true. And they're coming to me looking, they're at a point they're coming to me looking for answers because they don't have it anymore. And they've come to me beyond the i They've gone past the I can figure this out on my own, which is a side note my friend that I talked about that's part of where he's at is he's very much in the I can figure this out on my own, or I should figure this out on my own. Good

Speaker 1  34:53
drop on I'm looking at my app of notes. On my phone. Okay, you you can't clear this up on your phone. You can't go it alone.

Unknown Speaker  35:17
What is worth? I

Speaker 1  35:25
Okay, so Bob ham, he has, to me, he just has the best definitions on life and freedom. What he talks about is, um, hyper successful people, the people that you're working with. They've succeeded because they've initiated everything in their life. Wow, okay, but you cannot change your identity. That's something that's received. Yeah, it's something you have to surrender to, yeah, okay, and so yes, but there, it's almost like the performance push gets sent to a place where all they know how to do is what they've done in the past, but it's an opposite. It's like a different gear you have to shift into and so, and it's, it's, it's undermining of of what's made them. So that's why I think the people who are in life transition, you can't just go to someone who's successful, and it's almost like you need them to be In a place of surrender. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  36:58
yes, absolutely right. And I saw that very starkly in my

Speaker 1  37:06
because, and that's the intellect will be like, Oh, I know how to do this, right? So, so sorry, I'm just Bob HAMP is the man. So, so he talks about, he talks about, he and Dallas Willard are like my, my biggest spiritual people. So, so he talks about, in the garden, man had a choice between the tree of life and the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil, okay? The problem, we think so, organized religion, man. The issue of all throughout all time is I need to stop doing the bad things, I need to start doing the good things. Yes, okay, yep, but that's the problem. Is the knowledge of what man thinks is bad and good, but that's the knowledge man's that it's not bad and good is the issue. It's that knowledge. It's a self sourced life. Right? By turning your back on the tree of life, you've made yourself the source of life and your ideas, your intellect, your way of doing things. That's the control, right? It? But if you surrender and you receive from the tree of life, life just it, just habits. It just, yeah, right? And I think, right, isn't that? Isn't that beautiful?

Unknown Speaker  38:58
It is.

Matthias Miller  39:02
But the way, side note, one of the challenges that I have, that I've faced with some of these people has been they have an openness. One of the guys I straight up, kind of addressed it. Addressed it in the metaphor of if gyms were built for what people wanted, there would, there would be bench presses and no, like, nothing for for squats or anything like that. And you would see people walking out of the gym with, I mean, everybody wants the arms that are rippling, and nobody, everybody hates leg day. This is what it's like. Everybody is like, this is, I'm saying this. This is, this is me, like, like, here's the like, show me your your intellect. And it's like, and it's so strong for some of these folks that. Even if they're open and surrendered, it's a challenge for them to lay it aside and and enter into into that place where they have to rationalize everything and

Unknown Speaker  40:22
I yeah, I I totally think that

Speaker 1  40:36
it's all Maybe, I mean, I mean part of the part of the secret of life is that, like you are not your provider. God is Yeah, and it's not on you to shoulder the responsibility for your life purpose and future, yeah, and the same. Like the sanctuary is where you can be the going back to you can be in conversation, and you can CO, create and collaborate with, with, God's truth for your life well,

Matthias Miller  41:28
but this is where this turns into a 24k executive coaching package.

Speaker 1  41:32
It does and it be, Oh, okay. So sorry, Bob ham, so, so these I'm giving you like I only have a few life lessons, so I'm giving you them all in one call. So I'm, I feel like I'm not. I don't know what I'm at for the next call, because I'm all out. But So Bob ham, he talks about, he talks about mana, okay, um, is so so the word Manna is God's provision, but it's, there's no, there's nothing in it in the world, right? It's a source of life provision, but there's nothing like it in the world. So this is kind of like, it's kind of like spoken truth, okay, okay, there's nothing else like it. It's, it's, guess what they guess what manna means. It's, what, is like? What is it? Okay, it's, it's something they've it's like they don't even have a category. It isn't an answer. It's a question.

Unknown Speaker  42:53
Okay, so Bob, so they can't control it. All of their attempts to control it, make it rotten, rot, right?

Speaker 1  43:12
They can't optimize or maximize, because it's already perfect. It's just enough. It's just enough, too much,

Matthias Miller  43:21
not too little, yeah, really, not too late.

Speaker 1  43:24
So it's kind of, I'm trying to build all these connections, kind of fun. Okay, wow, so here's, here's what, it comes from heaven, right? It's, it's, and here's, here's what Bob camp says, if you try, if you if, if they had known what it was,

Speaker 1  43:56
then they wouldn't have had a relationship with God, they would have had a relationship with the thing, right? Yes, and that's what religion does. They try and it. You try and bottle God, right? You try and manufacture life on your own, and just so, so we displace God, right? And that's what it becomes an idol now, and that's what needs to get smashed. So, so here's, here's another Bob, ham. So, oh, okay, so here, here's, here's adjacent kind of metaphor or story. So, a man, or, let's say, a husband, a. Was told by his wife, I want I want flowers. So the man buys her flowers. And the wife, you know, this woman, rejects the flowers and says, and he's confused. He's like, You wanted flowers. I gave you flowers. Like, why did my input did not lead to the outcome that you asked for. She doesn't care about the flowers. It's the relationship she cares about, right? So, like, the manna isn't as important as waking up each day and receiving like that from that God wants a continued relationship, and that's where the word abide, I think, is, is important, right? It's not a one time thing. It's, it's the man's pursuit of the woman. It's a that shows that there's a husband and wife relationship. That's the union, right? It's, it's the relationship dies when you think you can put it in a box and just check mark flowers, you know, after you've been absent,

Matthias Miller  46:34
because the relationship is manna. What is it? And when somebody's asking for it, they don't ask for that. They ask for the flowers, and we ask for direction and fulfillment and provision. Go ahead, keep going if we

Speaker 1  46:48
think. And here's what's a little bit challenging about this. Is the memos is about getting answers, but it's not about getting answers. And that's, that's, that's a whole problem set that, and that's what God says is, Hey, I told you to sacrifice to me. But later he's like, I hate your sacrifices, right? Because the sometimes the answer isn't the answer, and that's why Bob hams talks about manna. It's the importance of living in the question. And it's a day to day thing, right? Abiding is a day to day. It's an apprenticeship, it's a it's a continued right? And so all of that to say that's why this should be maybe, maybe just a thought. This doesn't need to be now, but maybe the future of this is the first session's free, but the next thing has to be a monthly because it has to be a relational thing, truth. Truth is relational. Yes, right. Strategy is collaborative, right? All of this, okay, it's, it's, it can't just be a one off. You just, you don't the 100 proof. You it's not. You get topped off. You either have it or

Matthias Miller  48:32
you need to learn to walk in

Speaker 1  48:33
it. You are. You're either with God or you're not. Yeah, you it's not. It's not. I have my idol and my God, right? Yeah, it's, it's an on off thing. You're either living from your source, your intellect, you're you're controlling, or you're surrendered. And that's a Life Mastery thing. That's a so I think, I think there's a vision. There's totally a vision for a a an ongoing, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  49:18
think it's a and I think one of the things is it's a very easy upsell in the end. So you you experience this point in time, you know what it was like. And the difference between people who really succeed and the people who don't are the people who who continue like the foundation is relationship, relationship with truth. Yeah, you are you agree with the sanctuary in a good you've,

Speaker 1  49:46
you've, you've tasted spring water. Do you want to go back to tap? Yep,

Unknown Speaker  49:53
that's a great question.

Matthias Miller  49:56
So okay, so narrowing this thing down. Narrowing it in I when life and people have beaten out your inner knowing the sanctuary is the space where you can hear it again.

Speaker 1  50:22
You I like leading with that problem. I think the 100 proof man, the 100 proof you, is a is it's almost like a a metaphor, secret sauce method, but it's not. I mean, maybe, maybe that's what they want, but it requires a little bit of unpacking. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:02
Well, I think, and I think the the 100 proof you is,

Unknown Speaker  51:09
is living you your

Matthias Miller  51:11
authentic self, living from your inner knowing.

Speaker 1  51:17
So going, it's, it's, uh, bite. So, Bob ham, I'm telling you, receive, contain broadcast. That's how like. That's the relationship to God. You receive His word truth. You contain identity. You broadcast strategy, whatever, right? Yeah, there's a flow, and you're out of the flow when you're initiating from yourself, right? You're out of the flow when you're in your own intellect, when you're controlling sanctuary is where you receive sanctuaries, where you catch up with your soul, yes,

Matthias Miller  52:11
and that's, that's a good line.

Unknown Speaker  52:16
So, so, by the way, yeah, go ahead,

Matthias Miller  52:21
when you've been running 120

Unknown Speaker  52:24
miles per hour,

Unknown Speaker  52:26
and you're running out of your business

Matthias Miller  52:29
and career, and you're running on and you're running on the fumes sanctuary, and it's actually not, I mean, consistently, it's, it's not just running under 20. Some of these guys are running on fumes. They had been running 120 miles an hour. They've been slowing down, but they've been slowing down so much that they they're still running on the fumes. They just don't have the speed anymore, which, I don't know that we're speaking out to those people, but I

Speaker 1  53:01
mean, yeah, they'll crash, they'll crash and burn out.

Matthias Miller  53:07
You're either going to crash, crash and burn out, or you're going to crash because of lack of momentum and movement,

Unknown Speaker  53:13
because you're not making forward progress.

Matthias Miller  53:17
But that's a different issue.

Speaker 1  53:19
You know, part of, part of, part of what this is. I think the voice of God is always, I like spirit with the word spirit, because I believe the way God speaks is Spirit to spirit. Yep. And so what? When? When God taught, when Jesus talks about new wineskins, he's saying, you have, you have an old structure, right? Intellect, right? And you need, here's the spirit. You need a new structure for it, but you have it the other way around. You're trying to, you're trying to get life out of a broken structure, right? So, so whatever you know, if you're going 120 miles an hour and you're running on fumes, right? You need, you need, like, a whole new vehicle. Yeah, right. And that's, that's the life transition. You know, you're switching horses. You're, you've tired this one out, right? If

Matthias Miller  54:37
you're, by the way, would you like to stop switching horses every two years and and, by the way, maybe you want to, maybe this is the life you want to live. Maybe you want to go ride that horse and ride that thing until you're running on fumes again,

Speaker 1  54:52
then then restore yourself in the sanctuary for the Well,

Matthias Miller  54:57
I mean, if you want to do that. It, then this isn't the place for you. But if you're done riding horses until they die. And, I mean, I think there's a little bit of look, this might be too far down the road. Okay. 100 proof you document.

Speaker 1  55:20
Can you create a new document and start dating, like document, 100 per few, brainstorm and then date?

Unknown Speaker  55:33
Okay, let me do this.

Matthias Miller  55:34
I should create, like, a shared drive for us, and I could throw everything in there

Unknown Speaker  55:38
that would be good. I

Speaker 1  55:45
I did take notes on what you said with the type of clients,

Speaker 1  55:59
and we'll have to listen to the recording, because I think you, you had the summary of it, which was

Speaker 1  56:19
when life when life and circumstance have been in the inner knowing out of you, times of the sanctuary, something like that.

Matthias Miller  56:32
Okay, so let me share this one with you and

Unknown Speaker  56:36
life and those around it.

Matthias Miller  56:38
I think, I think, I think what you're referencing is actually in this new document. So I'm sharing the drive with you now. There's a 2024, 04 22 brainstorm in there. You

Matthias Miller  57:14
I think both of these really good hooks,

Speaker 1  57:21
can I share a story? Yeah, did I tell you the story about the pioneer in the Indians? Okay, so there's and I could look up if this is factual or not, but this could be a whole story inside. Just copy the story and your copy. So this Pioneer has hired some some Indians as guides. They know the terrain.

Unknown Speaker  57:52
They know the dangers, right. They're pushing hard right. They're going 120 miles an hour.

Speaker 1  58:06
And the pioneers look back and they don't see any of the Indians. So they had, they had outpaced their guides. They circle back, retrace their steps and find the Indians sitting in a circle, resting, wow. And the guys, the pioneers, asked the Indians, hey, like we need to, we need to make tracks before the day end. And the Indian said, Oh, and so the pine should like, like we're burning daylight.

Unknown Speaker  58:51
Why? Why are you doing this? Why? What are you doing here?

Speaker 1  58:59
And the Indian said, we're waiting for our souls to catch up to us. They're they're somehow in the process of pushing right. They hid, disconnected from their souls, and they knew enough that the only thing that mattered was just sitting down sanctuary, right? Yeah, it's such a good story. It's like, yeah, you need you need to slow down. You need to create. You need to create. Create a space for listening, right? What Dallas, Dallas says that the soul, uh. On is what organizes and orders your life. So when, when there's a breakdown, it's almost, it's like, it's the, it's the operating system for your life, right? When there's a breakdown, your life gets disordered and you you don't have a compass, yes, so that, that's all I have to share. All right, I

Matthias Miller  1:00:29
like the story.

Speaker 1  1:00:39
I don't think, I don't think we have to put diluted yet. I think the diluted is the epiphany moment. It's like there's a few lessons, and then there's an epiphany. And then you put like the missing piece is you,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:08
like you've lost yourself, and how do you recover yourself? It's Sanctuary. Anyways, you're in, and knowing the sanctuary is the space where you can hear, when you can hear again, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:01:35
And you could get more specific. Well, I don't know if this is right or not. I

Speaker 2  1:01:40
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:53
when the Hard Knocks of business, of life and business, I

Matthias Miller  1:02:07
it's more than hard knocks. It's the when the

Speaker 1  1:02:10
you're bent out of shape, you're beaten and bent out of shape. I

Matthias Miller  1:02:34
Okay, but, and sometimes it's just, sometimes it's too much opportunity, when, when, when, I mean, there's so much stuff I don't know that you can just say I don't even know that. Do we even have to say What it has Been when, when I

Matthias Miller  1:04:02
It's got to be more specific, doesn't it? It has to call out to the to the way they describe it.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:08
Okay, I like

Unknown Speaker  1:04:21
what I like? The language of

Matthias Miller  1:04:31
dope language again.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:38
No, I think we talked about this. And let's see. Can't put this on your own.

Matthias Miller  1:04:52
As the leader, listened. Here's the thing, as the leader, I. You have always been paid and celebrated for knowing what to do, right? There's this, I don't know how to describe this, but

Unknown Speaker  1:05:18
let me, let me. Let me just paste certain line at The Bottom. Uh,

Matthias Miller  1:06:51
there's also the mark riffy had a different term for some kind of roundtable. Am and member whose name I didn't recognize, but it's the Michael Jordan problem. Jordan problem. You could play basketball, you could also play baseball. I mean, you could. I mean, hey, you could probably even play soccer if you wanted to, like

Speaker 1  1:07:15
you had the world open to you, but I um,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:27
yeah,

Speaker 1  1:07:40
okay, the I like, I just keep wanting to go back to the initial problem. I think the problem

Unknown Speaker  1:07:52
is,

Speaker 1  1:07:56
you know, the exit, the exit is your is your opportunity or opportunity that you are overwhelmed

Unknown Speaker  1:08:11
with options? Um,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:48
you've Just had a big exit. You

Unknown Speaker  1:10:46
Your men, yeah, your their mental they're caught in a mental loop.

Matthias Miller  1:10:55
Yeah, very much. So I

Unknown Speaker  1:10:59
need to get out of your mind,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:07
or you'll go mad.

Matthias Miller  1:11:12
So I knew I love Chesterton's logic. Logic.

Speaker 1  1:11:16
Oh, well, Chesterton. Uh, he talks about the madman just needing to go, like, walk outside, like, like, your brain needs air. Let's see, I

Speaker 1  1:12:38
What if it's what if you just had, like, know what to know what to do next and

Speaker 1  1:12:54
after, after Your big, after your big, big, big career exit,

Matthias Miller  1:13:05
is it a career exit, or is it a

Speaker 1  1:13:06
well, I don't know how to keep blendies. How your life? I mean, yeah, trend your i

Unknown Speaker  1:13:25
Okay, maybe it's,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:28
if you've i

Speaker 1  1:13:48
What if? What? What? If you talked about the champagne, the champagne like the champagne bottle is empty, but now it's next, okay, but You You've drunk the champagne.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:15
Pop the shame

Unknown Speaker  1:14:18
pops

Unknown Speaker  1:14:21
champagne. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:14:33
On the, on your business on your, on your career business on your, on your big your big exit. But But now, but now you you're staring at the bottles and don't know what to do next. Know what to do. Uh,

Speaker 1  1:15:05
that kind of has a feeling of like the big hurrah, but now I'm depressed.

Matthias Miller  1:15:13
Uh, yeah, um, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:19
call it 930 Oh, I

Matthias Miller  1:15:22
do actually let me, I think it's, it's 15 to 30 minutes, and I can just, just send

Speaker 1  1:15:34
me a text. Text, you perfect. Thanks. Alright, so, yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai