Speaker 1  00:02
The three reasons why people find it difficult to delegate, many people find it challenging to hand over tasks to other people. And there's a handful of reasons for that. I will look at these reasons today. Because one of the things that you need to know, in order to continue to grow and scale your business organization, you need to be able to delegate effectively, this is one of the one of the key factors are key elements of people who are able to, to grow and scale and have a bigger impact. So three common reasons why people don't delegate. Reason number one,

Unknown Speaker  00:40
you already know so much,

Unknown Speaker  00:42
many people who are

Speaker 1  00:45
starting a business or are starting an organization do everything,

Speaker 1  00:50
everything because they have to, there's nobody else that they could delegate to, they have no teeth, they have to do everything themselves up. If you're not starting a business, if you're in an organization and you're climbing the ladder, you get to where you're going, because you've learned every part of your department or every part of your organization. And as you work your way up, you gain an in depth knowledge to how things work that here's the challenge. When you do that, when you get to that point, you know things better than anybody else. And in fact, if you look at your at how quickly you can do things, you could probably do things much more quickly than anybody else. And because you're skilled, intelligent, talented, you can probably do it faster than everybody else.

Unknown Speaker  01:36
here's a here's, here's the truth

Speaker 1  01:41
unless you understand how to value your time and understand unless until you understand your potential. As a leader, you will continually undervalue your time. The reason you keep hanging on to these things is not really because you know how to do it better. But it's because you don't know how to value your time, you haven't been willing to invest the time and effort into training other people. Now there's a whole other thing as well. Okay, so Reason number two,

Speaker 1  02:13
you're trying to delegate the wrong thing to the wrong people.

Unknown Speaker  02:18
One of the most critical things

Speaker 1  02:21
we could actually go through like this whole thing of like, like, this is like too much.

Speaker 1  02:29
I think I have to change this. I think I had to break it down to just one or two things like I have to have one one article per point. I can't do this

Unknown Speaker  02:39
little thing.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai