Matthias Miller  00:00
So here's some processing about the unique abilities and things like that. I think one of the big keys to this is actually like, like I believe Lisa said, is breaking out the breaking out the different pieces of this, too. saying that this is a Oh goodness, that was my train of thought this is two things, we'd like a CEO. And unique ability. And the reason is, basically, we love people to teach about how to use your unique abilities, which is super powerful, super awesome. Which is where people get into all kinds of like things like modalities, and personality assessments and things like that. But what most people don't actually tell you tell you is how to fit these pieces together, and how to actually utilize it. And so, there are three things that you need one is you need, you need, oh, this is good, this is getting real good. You need strategy. So you need to have a, you need to be able to see the big vision for how these pieces fit together. That's piece number one. piece number two is you need the structure. And then you need the support, who are the people who started the structure and support. And this is the ecosystem that you build around you that enables your unique ability to thrive, it's just like a baby, you can't have it, I mean, even baby goes into what it needs. It needs an environment in which to facilitate and allow it to grow. And that's those are the things that allow it to happen. Because in this stage, it's embryonic. But then as you grow, there's a progression from I'm going to use my gifting to create this environment around you, there's a progression towards now I'm going to empower you to to in like, train release, deploy the people around you with these, you know, within this ecosystem for really take off. So we like a signature of talent is the entry point. We like a CEO is ecosystem that happens behind the scenes on that. And it goes from there. And this is how these pieces actually all fit together. So really is two different things. But when you understand it, and like when you when you understand these pieces, and how they tie together, that's, that's really, really, really where the magic starts to happen. That's a fairly important shift. And it's maybe not as big of a sentence what I thought originally. And maybe even that is going into the CC phase. And what you really need to do is this, this conception, that it's just as simple as finding what you're good at. And understanding that the real reason why people aren't tapped into their unique ability is because they don't have the right ecosystem and environment around them to make it possible. And so you really do need to create a small micro universe for this thing to thrive, and to have that support. And there's specific things that that that has. But until you know what that what that vision is, until you have a picture of that, then you don't know what's best to actually take. So I don't really know how to get into that without like getting into the weeds, or whatever, there's another way to look at it. So let's say that this is what people do, and this is what they need to create around them.

Matthias Miller  03:36
Right. most unique abilities are disconnected from a stretch from an environment and, and are in the wrong environment. Or it's not properly connected to the environment that they're in. That's huge. How do I boil the sink down into 10 minutes? Five minutes. It was the 30 minute version is the 30 minute version. Starting point where I don't know what it is. Everybody needs to know what it is they need to have this thing down to a court. So what is it that we actually look at? In terms of that? And I mean, you could use the trifecta of the emotional world.

Matthias Miller  04:33
No, but it's more it could be you and the environment that you're in. But what is what is it that I really do or what's really the keys to people because people will get personality assessments. Here's this, what if you take a macro view of this zoom out? People structure, people structure and support strategies, strategy, structure and support are the That's the environment piece of it. So there's the environment or the ecosystem around it.

Matthias Miller  05:16
There's the market.

Matthias Miller  05:23
Just strategy again, not saying it that way. And then there's you your signature talent, your environment. But your market is somewhere. That piece of it feels really disconnected, because that's where that piece. Okay, here's what I don't want to have, I don't want people to say, Well, here's what you love. And then there's what do you do? And we do it for like, there's an element in which That's true. But there's an element that's so simplistic, completely, everybody else is saying anyway. But really, it's not about, I think, I think part of it is people don't really understand what the market is. So for example, yes, I mean, people are willing to pay for it. Well, that's not actually how you think about it. It's what what is the draw on your life? What is the pole? What is the thing that when people get around you, they extract it from you. And that is the thing that ends up demonstrating the market and market. So it's pretty to your signature talent.

Matthias Miller  07:02
So it's really your, your DNA is your it's your DNA, it's your environment. And it's as the demand accepted demand is more than it's a more than market demand. That's what I don't like about the name, but it puts a demand on you like it's pulling things from you. It is it is it is a

Matthias Miller  07:40
Jesus helped me out here. The closest thing that I'm able to compare it to is when Jesus was in a crowd, and somebody stopped to touch the hem of His garment, that there was something that went out of him. And, and that is the best way I have of describing what this thing is. But there is a pole or it's a draw the power draw. It's the power draw. So you have the environment.

Matthias Miller  08:20
Have you used your DNA, your environment, you your inner circle, and your outer circle? You could do like that

Matthias Miller  08:55
question where the group of people who are drawn to what you have. And there are things like this is why I've been

Matthias Miller  09:13
there, there's all those kinds of things, but that's really even that is simplistic like, like, I don't know who I've been like signature victories, like, here's the problem for most of these people. They don't even necessarily understand

Matthias Miller  09:36
they're able to put these pieces together. And they need to be able to say like most people will go straight to the house. That's the problem. So if you tell them that they need to be able to understand. I will say Pedro for example. Like he said something about recruiting. And there may have been some good money in that. Like, why did that not land? Was that prophetic? Or was it not prophetic? Or was that more of a matter of it might have been prophetic. But it might also have been that a signal simply didn't have the courage to walk it out. So here it is, it's the environment, it is you, it's your environment. And it's is walking it out. It's you, your environment, and walking it out. And these are the places where it's where they fail you, your environment, and walking it out. You, your environment, you your environment, walking it out. These are the places where it absolutely fails. And then all of this stuff, the structure and the support strategy is the you and the walking it out. Like this is the Wow, that's the house, this is the outcome, I think I got it. Wow, that's really powerful. That's really powerful. That's really powerful. DNA, your environment, in you walking it out.

Matthias Miller  11:37
That's it, that's where people fail. Because you can have a grand vision for somebody, if you don't have the environment, it's not going to be possible. If you don't have the process of walking it out, it's not going to be possible. You have to be put into the right environment. And then you have to have somebody who's willing to walk it out with you, is 100% the way that it goes. This is golden. The challenge is with Pedro is that he thought he could see the vision that he was walking out. He may have had a bit of the environment. But I didn't and he didn't help people put the right environment in place. And so as a result there are a lot of people who didn't end up getting any results because of that. And it's nothing on him it's just not that's not his giftedness that what he's doing. It's not that he's not what he's in it for. So that becomes the process then if you want to go into more of this along the way leave like a CEO. This is really where you start getting into the nitty gritty of like, like how do you actually you know what, what really does this thing look like? You know, like, as you anyway there's so much gold in the stuff I think this is on target So as an example, one of the questions for Gabe is the visionary for your visionary as the vision for what you can become with your initiating quickstart and you're initiating Pathfinder, because if nobody holds that vision for you, they will end up getting crushed. If you're going to have doubt and succumb to it, somebody has to hold that vision outside of you because you're actually not meant to carry that vision. We have people who carry vision for us, this is part of t. Even the best leaders in the world, have people who carry visions, visions for them, I think if that's the case, and like this is the whole point of this process. And so if you don't need to carry through the vision, You're overthinking, self doubt you're getting your own way and you will never end up walking it out.

Unknown Speaker  13:58
You


Transcribed by https://otter.ai