Unknown Speaker  00:00
For the things that I say in case I say something intelligent.

Unknown Speaker  00:05
Awesome. Awesome.

Speaker 1  00:09
So one of the things that I want to preface this presentation with just a little bit of a preface preface, some of you guys may know me from prior presentations, and by my core business is centered around software development, helping businesses implement systems into their business. But in that process. I've been going on a journey, and I always felt like, I don't know if you ever have been in a meeting like this and you're like, Okay, here's who I am, here's what I do and it's a little bit of pretense that kind of feels an insecurity that comes up in the process I don't know if anybody else has been there, I've certainly been there, except for anybody except Frank. And one of the things that, that I've been on this journey on in leadership, and is has been uncovering who am I and giving myself permission to be who I was created to be. And working really hard and a lot of different avenues and extracting what that actually is. And what's happened along the way, is that people have been showing up and they've been tapping me on the shoulder and being like, Hey can you, can you helped me out over here because there's stuff going wrong. And, and so this is, so I've taken the initiative to kind of package this thing up. And I'm really excited to get you guys's feedback on it and you guys can poke holes in it and be like, you can do whatever you want with it. So, so super excited, so I just want to give that as kind of a landing page. Before we get into this thing called the signature talent experience. Now I've titled this as the number one proven but unconventional key to get out of the cycle of failure, double your hourly rate and become a highly respected leader in your domain and I'm gonna see if I can get this down here where I can, I can look at you guys, this thing at the same time, without things going. Without the knot in your stomach from saying I can't, or I won't. So this is just a warning, this is not your conventional approach to business, business planning or goal setting. If you're here for that. I apologize. So I want to talk, I want to start by talking about the failure cycle you may have already felt like you're trapped in the failure cycle and what do I mean by that I mean number one you feel underappreciated, and I've been here I've been in this space like this is coming out of my own journey, working for a software company, and, and putting in my best effort and even though I was pushing my limits. Nobody else seemed to see the sacrifice that I was making in order to get these results, you feel overwhelmed. And no matter how hard you work, You're always willing. Again, I experienced this, I, no matter how much effort I put in, it wasn't moving the needle on my goals where I wanted to be financially personally, professionally, there was no, no promotion, none of that which leads into this third symptom of the failure cycle, which is feeling under supported, and you have a revolving door of people around you, most of, most of whom won't actually stick it out with you in the long term. And how do I know this because this is my story. I actually got stuck in the failure cycle, and I actually spent a lot of years in the failure cycle, trying to figure out what was wrong with me and how do I fix it. And here's what I realized, I realized that the best compensated business leaders have figured out how to solve this. So the question then becomes, I could spend time around the most elite business leaders I could learn what they're doing differently now before you think that I go when I sat down with like Warren Buffett and Bill Gates and all of these people like

Unknown Speaker  03:42
haha.

Speaker 1  03:44
But I spent time intentionally seeking out people who were the best in their field. One of the highest paid business strategists and some one of the top coaches were entrepreneurs and I'm not pretending that I sat down with them for coffee but I went after what they had to share about this experience, and I wanted to learn from the best, because I was frustrated that with all my effort, I still felt like my business was hanging on by a thread. And in fact, I went so far as temporarily firing my project manager because he was actually making the problem worse. So I had a big reset button. And since then, I've moved into spending 90% of my day in a productive flow that's growing and expanding our core software and software business. The comparison and contrast between where I am today, to where it was even six months ago, even a year, but, you know, much less a year or two ago, is

Speaker 1  04:39
life changing. It really is. And along the way I've helped numerous leaders dramatically reshape their lives from dead men reds to white open highways. So we're on a mission to help 1000 business owners escape the failure cycle and create high growth businesses that leave a legacy of income and impact. So this is for you if you're if you've experienced what others consider significant success but you still have annoying dissatisfaction that won't go away. If you feel stuck in the hamster wheel of a failure cycle and you can't really find your way out, and you're tired of crack cocaine wizardry of motivational gurus who still haven't given you the real answers you need to move forward.

Speaker 1  05:31
Is it a lie. What Got You Here Won't Get You their truth and a lie. Let's dig into the truth. So here's what I'm gonna cover. I'm going to cover the lead legged CEO framework which is the lessons that I've learned and started to apply and it's a three part framework that we use with our clients to help escape the failure cycle to streamline their business and grow their bottom line. You may be familiar with the leadership role when that feels like you're, like, you feel like a dog chasing your own tail. We have scattered focus, you're fighting fires in your personally ever went round and round and round. Oh boy.

Unknown Speaker  06:10
There we go.

Speaker 1  06:13
The Li like SEO framework is a three part framework where we talk about strategy, systems, and staffing strategy being proper perspective systems being problem prevention and predictability and staffing being about building powerful people. Let's go into each one of those proper perspective, most business owners get stuck in the weeds of their business. So to borrow the popular adage we've all heard it 1,000,001 times and it's so, so over repeated that it's almost lame and tired but they work in their business instead of on their business. And yet, no matter how much people talk about it, we still fall prey to it. And to get out of the failure cycle, you need to make sure that you're playing the right game by the right set of rules. And this is one of those significant keys to get out of this, working, working in the business instead of on it. Without this, you'll always be caught in the, in the game of cutting the rules of playing somebody else's game, and this is honestly, where this whole thing of, here's what I, what I am here's what I do and I feel like an imposter because I'm doing it because I think that in order to reach my goals. Guys warning rant, because I think in order to reach my goals this is the path that I have to take. There are two ways to reach a path, there is, you can you can most people become fixated on the outcome, and they choose whatever process is required to reach the outcome. But if you actually find a process that will carry you to the outcome and you're able to fall in love with the process because that process was custom tailored for you, then you just you just sit down and run and the outcome comes completely, completely upside down way of approaching that super powerful ship when it's done well you fall in love with the process. Every day, you move closer to the place that you want to be the biggest challenge that I see for most people is two things. First of all, not knowing what it is, what that process actually looks like for them. And then second of all, sometimes, honestly, there's a believability issue, because when I share with people that I'm spending 90% of my day in a creative flow, they say yes, but not me. Like, I have this kind, this big of a business and this much responsibility I have, I'm I don't, I have this small of a business and I can't afford to. I don't want to tell you you can't afford not to. So, just some practical things take time for think time we're in a busy overloaded world slow things down. Take the time to think this is one some one of the most powerful things that you can do for yourself in your life, use a pen and journal if you need to. There's something about the physical act of writing on paper. I have a pen nobody else has to read it, you don't even have to be able to read it, but just the act of putting pen to paper is a really powerful tool, allow yourself a change of scenery, go do it, if, if you're around people you like to be by yourself go by yourself if you have to be around other people put yourself in a coffee shop it's around other people go, like, give yourself the opportunity to do a bit of a pattern interrupt where you're like, it's not the same thing, and you and change the scenery can help flow those, those thoughts like outside of your calendar, let's be honest, we all know this. Alright, this is like, I get one of those tire things like, you should put yourself first, you should take care of. Honestly, like, allow yourself time for you. You really are the most important person in your business. And if you don't take care of yourself. Again, we all know this, I'm preaching to the choir, but to give yourself permission to block out time the calendar for that. Ask yourself, powerful, powerful questions. Learning to change the types of questions that you ask. You don't know what questions to ask get around people. We got some smart people here in the room who will help you uncover good questions to ask. There are people that are really good at finding finding answers that are really good people who are bad at answers and good questions to get so ask asking powerful questions, and the most of the challenges that we face the answer is not on the surface of where the problem is, it's a few layers deep, and if you're willing to dig down to the root of the, of the surface and this is where the actual heart of the matter is, and, and this is where I've gone where the all this stuff up here was frustration burnout stress, lack of promotion, you know, financial turmoil, into that was like all of the all of the stuff up at the top but digging down to the like what's actually in the wrinkles underlying all of these things. And then make sure that the big picture Stacy grew up with the daily details. One of the one of the powerful things about proper perspective is when it's kind of like, like when you're going to the chiropractor and like there's something out of place. What happens if sometimes there's muscles that are tight or there's other things that are going on in your spine needs to be in alignment with the rest of your body. And in the same way creating that same congruence, from the, from the big picture all the way down into the details. So, when you're in action mode. Some of us love to get things done, make sure that you stay congruent with that it's congruent with where you want to go, and that means being willing to say no to things that are good things, but aren't a good fit. And this is especially a problem for people who love to help other people. If you love

Speaker 1  11:06
to help other people, then there's a very good probability that you're saying yes to things that are actually harming you instead of helping you and there's a whole rabbit trail we're gonna. So, success three step number one proper perspective. Shane is a gentleman who's he's he's a serial entrepreneur and he loves building culture and he loves building people around him. And he, one of the things that helped him do was recognize the opportunity that he had with his multiple set of businesses to connect with each other and that shift in perspective, has allowed him to see the opportunity of basically market entrenchment and market takeover in his specific, specific reason sorry Peter keeps dying season gets. So, second thing problem prevention and predictability. Many business owners get caught fighting fires trying to stay ahead of the next crisis, but once you've introduced the right systems, you can, you can continue to adjust them it's not like seven done it's not fixed, it's a living thing it's organic, but you can trust the systems to carry the things forward they need to happen. Without it, you end up in reactivity and, and when it's done wrong, when you implement systems incorrectly, you'll actually drive away your best team members, and they feel attract all of the bad ones, which is bad for business and personal satisfaction. When you but when you dial in exactly what needs to happen and why you're able to trust that the right things will happen at the right time in the right way. So, simple thing you can do, finding error prone part of your business. What's the thing that's giving you headaches, and if you can break down those pieces and if you can't do this. They're there, there's somebody sitting around this table who can, and if you've got a team there's probably somebody on your team who can break down the pieces of what needs to be done in simple steps. And then, as you do this, Just allow somebody else Lee, say here, can you, can you do this, and then watch them and you're like, hey, like you didn't like. Do that, and, and you find all of the gaps in what's going on. So, wasn't it yes five, follow your instructions you'll find the assumptions that you're making and how you're communicating, and this allows you, it gives them the toolset to do, to come to meet your expectations, know how to meet them with and know what success looks like. For those of you who are worried that there are people in this world who do not like to follow detailed meticulous step by step instructions, like it is, or maybe you're one of those, like, there are people who love that. And there are people who will practically beg to give you that relevant client success story. This helped Vivienne stop financial errors from ever reaching their for their annual review and in fact, she used to block herself into her office for a day with no interruptions and, and we were able to certain that for eight hours down to one hour with interruptions. It's a fun story, she was very powerful people, most business owners are so focused on the task at hand that they get buried buried under the workload of about two to three people. I mean you guys, anybody felt that. So when you have powerful people in place you can free yourself to focus on the places that will make the most difference. Without this, you'll always be juggling your time between people problems, and getting things done. And I think, honestly, there's a shift that needs to happen for most for most business leaders, that's a really difficult chasm to cross, because it feels like you're losing control like everything's gonna fall apart, but as you move away from the Getting Things Done to this, it's the people the people the people the people, if you're, if you're able to let go. And it's like, like going on a rollercoaster with your hands, way, way by thinking you're gonna die. If you're able to make that shift that is when you start moving into the shift of just an operator or a manager but into the leader. Once you start focusing on this you finally remove the biggest bottleneck from your business which is you. So, practical things you can do change the primary question that you asked from what needs to be done to who is who. And then focus your time on getting to know your people signature talent and understanding that capacity, and then allow others to carry the weight of moving these things forward getting them done. Managing the outcomes, as, as they grow in your capacity your responsibility then is to grow other people in their capacity so that they can carry them, they're not always ready for it, you may see the potential. Alright, we're getting we're getting deep guys. Alright relevant client success story we're gonna stop there. This helped Craig constantly pitch, sir. I gotta keep my fingers off that confident pitches largest prospect to date, without fear of being unable to fulfill. So he had a large prospect reach out and it's still it's still in negotiations, this is actually a recent conversation but he was previously he would have said yes, and then he would have killed himself on the other side. And now he knew enough to ask the question, he knew enough to ask the question about the process and the outcome. And then from that we were actually able to put simply, pieces in place, to give him the support that he needs in order to say yes to that.

Speaker 1  16:03
So putting it all together when you take these steps the proper perspective problem prevention and predictability powerful people, then increasing your hourly rates and becoming a respected authority, I believe, is almost insurance. So, this is something that I believe has a million dollar price tag. It's the difference between making or losing money. It's the difference between fulfilment and in burnout family peace or family tension. Team members staying or leaving and having a business you're proud of, or one that you, that you despise. But wait, there's only. Well those are those. Well, those are the tools that will grow your business. Remember the truth and a lie. Because we said what got you here won't get you here, but I want to tell you that what got you here, actually, we'll get you there. Here's why. There's a 2900 year old reason for success, which has been a foundation that I've built much of my life on, and many coaches will ignore this 2900 year old reason because ignoring it actually can make you a lot of money but the truth is this your business success is a direct reflection of your signature talent. So I told you about that systems strategy the staffing. That's the, that's the, those are the leaves of the tree, the root is your signature talent. Solomon himself wrote, do you see a man or a woman who excels in his work in his work, he will stand before kings and queens, he will not stand before unknown men and women. Simple as that. When you excel in your work when you are using your signature talent that is the that is the pathway for your promotion and the pathway for your success, and that is the place where you maximize your value, the value that you produce on an hour by hour and minute by minute basis. Here's my real story. You know the story that you don't. So with your business card. When I was eight years old I started coding I thought this is exactly the computer programming. I thought this is like exciting new and then 18 years old. I grew up in rural Kansas skipped college degree and went straight into an apprenticeship with a software company. Yep. Awesome. I mean, who else in rural rural America is working for a software company this is a great opportunity. Problem was, a sort of myself being thanked for the things that I hate, you're awesome. You're doing a good job by the way, why can't you get your act together. Why are you so moody on the job like why, why do you act like you actually hate this thing well maybe it's because I actually hate it but I'm good at it.

Unknown Speaker  18:35
And then one day,

Speaker 1  18:37
I remember being in the office, I was, I was, it was in the middle of the afternoon I was stuck I was frustrated, and we had one of my friends at a coffee, coffee roaster and he had this, this really amazing being that he loved to roast this sweet non acidic flavor. I brewed myself a little, a little cup of that I carried it downstairs into the downstairs of our basement, so the AC was pumping air in there, it was ice cold, kind of like the Arctic, and I was pacing down there drinking this coffee and thinking and I was like, I'm done. Like, this is enough. I don't know what the answer is I don't know where I'm going to find the answer. I didn't know. I didn't know how much it was going to cost me, personally, emotionally, financially, in order to find the answer, but I knew that where I was living then would not actually it wasn't working. So it actually took me overseas for a while, I spent some time in Bangladesh I learned foreign languages I ended up moving to Colorado I volunteered at a nonprofit, I went back into software development I went into some marketing consulting and, and I went into some personal coaching and I did a whole bunch of other things that didn't really work and it was like

Unknown Speaker  19:43
a true entrepreneur, entrepreneur right there.

Speaker 1  19:50
Question is, what really is my signature talent. I should have brought my kids book. I even wrote a kid's book about this whole question.

Speaker 1  20:04
The real reason for my software success was the reason that I hated it and got applauded for it was because of the racing I was good at. I was extremely skilled at looking at the big picture, putting a cohesive whole together, and the designs that I put together, people were like, it's just like reading like honestly it's like reading, reading, elegant English like it's poetry like it makes sense and it's congruent and it's beautiful unlike but then to get down into the details, computers are not forgiving at all. And so if you get one little thing wrong. So I spent my day working in the big picture, that's what I love. That's like 5% of the day, and then 95% of the day is like, let's poke in the details it's proven this is gonna work let's make sure that all these things won't go wrong and it was horrible. But then I started having conversations with business friends and they started to thank me, they said hey, when I talk to you you get me out of the weeds like you helped me to see the big picture. And then what changed my life was a meeting in a glass conference room on the fifth floor of the downtown Colorado Springs office building, sitting there, stay normal day, like, Hey,

Unknown Speaker  21:06
we should

Speaker 1  21:09
have witnesses as bad. Now can't remember her name StrengthsFinder consultant, and I was like, Elise, at least thank you. I was like, we should get together, we should I should look at this I want to learn more I want to. So we sat down and she, and she said, You know what the interesting thing about your strengths finder is. Did you know that strengths fights the strengths finder has categories, it was like, Oh I didn't know that categories. Did you know that all five of your top ones are in the same category, like, No, I didn't know that. And she's, she said, Well, the interesting thing is that the, the top five are all in the strategic category. And number seven, falls in that same category as well, so six of my top seven interests are all within strategy, and that's when my, that's when I got the first piece of this kind of building block of weight, strategic thinking is actually hardwired into how I how I live life. That was epiphany number one. In addition to that being in software you cone years of critical thinking. Some people say that I've always been analytical since I've been a kid, probably through one of my business mentors recommended a book on business systems, I picked it up, there were a few mindset shifts, but it clicked, just like that. It's been honed after years, and continually get complaints from other people I started listening to what other people compliment me on continually they said you're really analytical, I'm like, I don't know if it's good or bad, but thank you. And that's led me to epiphany number two, where I thought that systems was something that I had learned and developed because I was in software. And lo and behold, there is something deep inside of me that is systems like I think systematically and I think analytically. And then on this journey I said I need to learn more and I became certified in the Colby index, which I'm not going to get into but it's basically instinctive strengths, and it's looking at people's human behavior and I started to watch, team members that were, that thrived under my leadership that did not thrive in other places, and I started spending a spinning time and when I met Frank. I knew that there was something that was different about him. I didn't know what it was. I just knew it was something that he had, that I wanted. And what I didn't realize, and I had not seen. There's few people that I've that I've seen model this as well or limit as well because it's so much him, his his deep rooted unending love for people. And I started spending time with him and he started walking with me to pull off these layers. And it took me back. I recently went back to a memory of a second grade award ceremony in school. The teacher gets up and says, Hey, I want to honor. I want to honor so and so for this and so and so for that and, and she called me up to the front and on her certificate was a certificate for me. And that certificate was for sensitivity. Now in a business context, in a software context, In a Doggy Dog competitive world that's like, Are you kidding me like, like I want something that's actually gonna work for me. Hanging around Frank watching my team thrive. Seeing all these things around me, I've realized that this is actually one of those big levers that if I allow it to develop that I have the capacity to look into other people's lives, see what's going on within them, care for them, move them see problems before they actually recognize them and move them into places where they're going to thrive in Excel and I can set boundaries around that to make sure that my team members will not be stressed, I surveyed my team members randomly. About two weeks ago I just said, What are your stressors and what's stressing you out now. I have a small team, to the team member said, Here's what stresses me out. And by the way there's really nothing that's stressing me out what I'm doing right now I'm in the zone. The other team member is like this is what's stressing me out and here's opportunities for improvement and there are some things that are stressing him out. And he's carrying a big load right now, and, and, but But what I didn't realize was that the sensitivity to that. First of all, it's my art my passion. I want to create awesome, amazing workplaces that people can be in their genius into what they're awesome at. I love that. And that was epiphany number three. After, after years of telling myself that because I'm, I hate small talk, and I like to jump to the point, and like all of these things that I'm an analytical thinker, I told myself that I was bad, working with people,

Unknown Speaker  25:55
which isn't true.

Speaker 1  26:00
So for years I've tried to be the person who's not good with people who just gets things done. But I've given myself permission to be the person who's bad at getting things done and really good at helping other people get things done. And the more that that shift happens, the more things get done. And the better my life gets and the better other people's lives get my real story is that as I unearth my unique ability, it was centered around strategy systems and staffing which is my signature talent. If you had told me that you have within you, in your DNA, exactly what you need, which is what's on your heart to be the kind of person that can lead this kind of business, that it's hardwired into you, I would have laughed in your face and said, You're absolutely crazy. I remember a specific incident, sitting in Bangladesh at a coffee shop, and this gentleman walks over I don't know how this conversation got started, and he looked at me and he's like, Yeah, I'll give you about a 5050 chance of being successful. I was like, thank you very much. Not sure how to take that I'm not sure where to go with that. But if you had told me that those things are buried within me, I'm pretty sure I would have had had a much more compelling compelling response to him. So here's how I can help you. This is how I help other people move forward, whether it's you, whether it's anybody else is one through my signature strengths. I see these things. People strategy process, all those things when they're broken, I see them. I know what needs to be fixed. I know what needs to change. But also, I've gone deep down the trail of the signature talent. And this is why people have been showing up out of nowhere, they're saying I'm struggling with this, and this is consistently the piece that I'm bringing to them and this is consistently the piece that is helping them to move forward. So my question for you is, What if you could stop fighting for respect be compensated handsomely and enjoying practically guaranteed seats, guaranteed success, just for showing up as you. Would you like your own personalized signature talent blueprint that you can use every single day. And are you interested in partnering with us to make that a reality. With us, one of the things I've intentionally done is partnered not directly with myself, but with a fellow coach, who is, who has a complimentary skill set, and we had our first session together this morning, I can tell you that there's going to be a lot of good things that are coming out of it because we we recover each other's weak spots. So I want to encourage you to schedule a no pressure signature talent experience call where we'll map out the path for you to stand before kings and queens. And during this time we'll ask you some questions to understand you and your business and let you ask, ask yours then only if it's fit, we'll share how our process works and how to partner with us.

Unknown Speaker  28:50
That's it, that's it, that's it.

Speaker 2  28:56
I think we were a little bit excited about that presentation. Yeah. Great job, man. Appreciate it. Okay, here's the time, you know, we started late, can you hang with us another 12 minutes or so, and then we'll get out of here, but here's, here's what your task is You've heard the presentation. Are there. Do you have any thoughts that you want to share with Matthias as far as gaps that you've seen opportunities that you see when he's presenting the signature talent fees, and now is your time. I would like some feedback. I would change one word on one slide.

Speaker 3  29:43
The reason being the minute you put, but in this sentence you've just negated everything in front of it. So if one of your last slide says, You borrow my strings, but your success depends on whatever you're that what are take out but make it a semi colon, and then just leave the rest of it. And I think it would be powerful because once again, and however is just a bigger but just FYI, and that would be the only thing that kind of like my brain went through.

Unknown Speaker  30:16
It's awesome. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  30:17
So let's just take out the bucket

Unknown Speaker  30:22
list. Okay. Right, right right.

Speaker 3  30:28
Really negates everything in front of you so anytime you've gotten a sentence that's what you've just done.

Unknown Speaker  30:32
For sure, that's another one of those well overused

Unknown Speaker  30:37
lines of, you know. Yeah. Yes, Lisa.

Unknown Speaker  30:43
I really really love and appreciate the passion. That's very

Speaker 4  30:48
clear and very evident to me now. I have a little bit of a challenge, understanding exactly what you do.

Speaker 5  30:56
Bear, I was going to mention that as well because I was assuming at first. And again, we all know assuming does right that you were, you know, writing code for companies and helping to happen their business,

Unknown Speaker  31:11
and things like old house right. Got it. And towards the end, you know, got it during it, obviously.

Speaker 4  31:21
Yeah obviously your gifting was software and that your gifting was definitely cocaine or, you know how you do that, but it took me a little bit too.

Unknown Speaker  31:31
So, so fixing the frame upfront,

Unknown Speaker  31:33
maybe a little bit,

Unknown Speaker  31:34
could have could maybe have helped

Speaker 6  31:36
us shorten it, because it was impactful to me, I mean I liked hearing a little bit of story and then boom, now oh this is what he's doing, but maybe shorten it. Sure, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  31:46
Yeah. All right.

Unknown Speaker  31:49
All right, Ryan,

Speaker 7  31:50
what's up. I'm not critiquing the presentation like if I'm perceiving, I'm looking, listen to this like you want to do business with me. Yeah, so I'm with you I'm like, you know, it's very impactful to tell the AI story. There's got to be a switch from hey this is what happened to me. Do you find yourself there around it yeah

Unknown Speaker  32:05
do.

Speaker 7  32:06
Let me show you how we're going to get you out. I stayed with him for quite a long time and that's why when he switched it in the into, you can do this me I thought we're talking about your story. I'm like, Okay, you're not telling me a story. You're asking me if I want to participate. So I was like, You said you know it's like I'm a little. By the way, it's great story. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  32:29
Yeah.

Speaker 7  32:30
Like there's got to be to me it's got to be a switch of okay where do you see yourself here right yeah okay well here's what's gonna happen next.

Speaker 2  32:35
Yeah, so to sum that up you fell, it was kind of foggy trying to bridge

Speaker 7  32:40
right I didn't know what you're asking me. Yeah, right. Right well veteran, like okay right we want you to do Mike Okay, right.

Speaker 2  32:46
Yeah, so the call to action wasn't real clear there bring your story back into it, to keep that story going,

Unknown Speaker  32:53
but clarifying that.

Unknown Speaker  32:54
I think Ronnie is 100% on. Yeah, so good.

Speaker 3  32:59
I was gonna say that call to action and that switch. I'm looking at strategy, who then might afterwards, because I felt like when that when you hit when we all laugh about the chaos of cocaine or whatever it was that I felt like that was your switch but then it like, yeah, here's how to get out. I'm gonna take that slide, that's your switch and the new instantly. The little boy. Yeah. You had us yeah and then fizzled again.

Speaker 2  33:27
Yeah, yeah, yeah so you you think about building on that point because they really created reaction in his room. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  33:34
when you say.

Unknown Speaker  33:39
Right, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  33:43
You don't seem that Guru.

Speaker 3  33:47
Whenever the cocaine thing was like I was just like, that's amazing. This is where you launch off to tell me how to solve this.

Speaker 2  33:55
I still don't think so you help us with this. Because clarity is the deal right yeah because if we miss the point of what we're bringing or the value we're bringing to the table, then we've lost the opportunity to engage people. So help us again. From a very lay level, right, understand what it is you're

Speaker 1  34:20
doing. And I think you've touched on something because when I went into this, I said here my signature talents. So, what I actually wrote an article and you guys are welcome. I got a handful of copies, you're welcome to take it. What I thought I was presenting was here is like, Here are the tools that you can borrow from me to go build this thing, and what people actually came to me for that I didn't expect was, I want to know more about the things or talent. So, that's the thing, I think with this, even with within this presentation you see that kind of divided us of like I thought it was this but it's actually kind of this that's. And so I think reworking this presentation to set that as the end goal the signature talent, and it may end up actually being a different three part rather than my own signature talent like a different three part, something that to guide people through that

Speaker 7  35:08
process, and I think fleshing that out more, like here's what the unique signature talents usually are you probably find yourself in one of these are wearing all four hats at all times. We really thrive here, you know, and I can help you get get that out of you.

Speaker 2  35:22
I kind of disagree with that though, and here's why. Because there's so many modalities that do that, what he's trying to do is separate himself, and what he's saying, I think you correct me if I'm wrong. Full disclosure I coach him so. But here's why he's saying that is unique to you. I'm trying to I'm trying to uncover the uniqueness of you, so I don't want to categorize that with these general categories that so many other coaches are doing to try to fit you in some box right so his way is we don't like that. Fair enough.

Speaker 1  36:02
In my head what I am looking at those modalities I am picking apart those pieces and I'm reassembling them and like I'm, I'm piecing all those things together, but I think that's a little bit behind the, this is what's going on in the analytical part of my brain, as I'm sitting down with you, not the how you actually end up experiencing it,

Unknown Speaker  36:19
I understand, I think it's great.

Unknown Speaker  36:21
Yeah, would it make a story powerful in your case studies to identify there's more specifically.

Unknown Speaker  36:27
Yeah, you can see a person and this is their this is mostly the general idea.

Unknown Speaker  36:32
Are you saying like when I work with this guy. Here's

Unknown Speaker  36:33
what he figured out well. Let go.

Speaker 6  36:39
To have a starting point, so it's not necessarily saying hey you fall in this category, but it would be a nice little starting point, oh there's this category, there's this category, there's this category. You didn't tell me what category I'm in. You told me what Frank's category was what Fred's category was what whoever, now I'm thinking that I might put myself in one. But you didn't tell me. Yeah, so you haven't done your job and

Speaker 5  37:02
I'm intrigued. Intrigued, tell us in a similar way what Lisa did last month, asking us all these questions and putting us in our own little groupings of what what category we sort of fit in for our own right, you know, our business mentalities. Yeah, I was almost gonna suggest that you were with Lisa.

Speaker 2  37:21
Lisa have a conversation, you know, that's what collaboration is all about, because one, yes

Speaker 8  37:28
I can. And maybe making it more interactive, like, if you have any pads with your brand on it, pass them out and have and take a few moments for everyone to write down, or do you think your top three strengths are, talent, and then leave kind of phase out with that. If you want to learn more about those times that you think you're strong in contact me let's set up a one right. Maybe that's how you close out, I don't know.

Speaker 2  37:58
Yeah, I don't, you don't know. Once again it's a crossover thing and that's really, I am trying to be different, we're trying to be right. We're trying to create a space that's different, what you just described happens multiple times a day, everywhere. It really does and Lisa did a little bit because that's really what she does. And I think what he's trying to bring yeah he's trying to dig deeper signature talent that can be anything. It really can, if you follow the natural course of a person's life, their signature gets written in, and then you really get an opportunity to find out who you are. It's incredible. See right, the digging down. Yeah,

Speaker 6  38:46
I feel like your clientele is real narrow though because there's a lot of, there's a lot of straight arrow people that I kind of

Unknown Speaker  38:56
disagree with that.

Unknown Speaker  39:00
To me to the fit,

Unknown Speaker  39:03
but they gotta be open to it in order to find themselves as deep as he wants to, I think, I mean, maybe you're

Unknown Speaker  39:11
right or wrong, but that's what you're looking for, I guess you're right. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  39:17
Market to everybody and I think that's the biggest problem people have.

Unknown Speaker  39:20
That's a sad place to be

Speaker 3  39:22
right. Well, and that's why you have a coach those to help you find those in that narrow piece right, so there is a point because as I was sitting there sitting there looking I'm like okay and then based on your card, you're going to help me take this, take the business out of my business. So I'm like, Okay, so a couple places I'm like so this sounds like strategy coaching this sounds like productivity coaching, but then when you hit behavior. I was like okay now you're talking to me because I get the behavior piece like I. And so it's a little muddled still, but I like the idea of, instead of, you know, I like to type where you said with your staff you said what stressing you out. That might be your interactive piece maybe it's not a piece of paper, but that's just the interaction, says, what are your top three, and then swing it into that again and then swing it into salt and how we can solve this and

Speaker 7  40:16
she's, you know, finding your signature talent, there's nothing on the card. It's not.

Unknown Speaker  40:23
This is, this is a separate.

Unknown Speaker  40:26
This is the growth of it right I mean like growing

Unknown Speaker  40:28
ideas still okay,

Speaker 1  40:30
it's still very much formula and this is like. Anyway, like this is the challenge of formula Mr. There's something else that Frank mentioned too and this is something that I don't know how to put into a bottle. I don't know how to put it in like, there's, there's, there's a wealth of knowledge, there's a, there's a bit honestly of A, if you want to call it an intuitive element, which is really hard to put into a bottle and package. So what I'm really most interested about doing in my presentation, and in the actual engagement is creating with an experience that's something that can't and that's what ends up being the differentiator. And I know that's weird nebulous, which is why you anchor it back to the tangibles, the stressors, the money that

Speaker 3  41:08
I like this I like the idea of the stressors because people can relate to that instantly because as soon as you said, Oh, I, I, you know, sociologists to me love the fact that you're like No, let's go do the research and go out and see what raw data is showing us, and it got people thinking because you're like well no, my one team was like this kind of, I'm in the group but you know here's to small stressors this person's like no I really got some stressors, I instantly had in my head up here and my food stressors today with my business and I'm just like crap how could resolve this for me. So I think having that peace of interaction might be hard to

Speaker 2  41:38
thank you Danielle of Samantha. Samantha and then Brittany and then we're gonna wrap. Okay, I love this interaction you guys are incredible. Absolutely. Go ahead, Samantha.

Speaker 4  41:50
Well, two slides, I was gonna say the slide that has the circles can we see that again because what I think I'm hearing is that you work with, with a leader of a team and help them make sure they're living in their zone and that their people are living in their zone.

Unknown Speaker  42:09
This is the,

Unknown Speaker  42:11
this is, this is the, these are the circles in your in your handout as well

Unknown Speaker  42:15
no not

Speaker 4  42:16
really working with individuals you're working with the leader of a team, is that right,

Speaker 1  42:21
so the people who have shown up are like freelancers that are struggling. To be honest,

Speaker 4  42:25
people, it's, it's one of the first slides that you had was the people that shy away from saying what they do because they're, they know deep inside there's something missing.

Unknown Speaker  42:40
Is that right, This one. No. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  42:47
cocaine, crack,

Speaker 4  42:57
you're working with people that know there's something missing, they're happy, they're, they're happy for the most part but there's something's wrong. And then

Unknown Speaker  43:03
you're really working with a

Unknown Speaker  43:06
team to give you a call.

Unknown Speaker  43:07
So you're coming into team, you're coming into it.

Speaker 1  43:11
So, I'm open to that, like, this is brand new. I've had people literally come out of the woodwork from nowhere. We're not talking about what I'm doing, asking for this, and this is what I'm showing up and giving them and it's getting them results, like that's how organic this thing is. So how

Unknown Speaker  43:25
do you charge for that.

Speaker 1  43:27
I have an hourly rate that I that I set, And then based on number of sessions right now.

Unknown Speaker  43:32
Yeah, Brittany.

Speaker 9  43:34
I was just gonna say, so my, my two comments were. I love how when you started like people connect with stories I love how when you started, you were very specific about I was in this cycle, you know you have photos of yourself in there. I would like to see continue like that personal connection with this is exactly what I found out that my signature talent is, this is exactly how I use it and these are videos that I changed, because like I was really connecting with that story and when you're talking at the beginning about the cycle of failure like I can think of things in my life from like the last five years, the last 10 years like oh this is where this went wrong this is where this went wrong so I'd like to see.

Unknown Speaker  44:14
Just that connecting

Speaker 9  44:15
the story continue and then my only other comment was that I kind of also disagree with the comments about this reaching a very narrow audience because of the way that you connect with that story. It's like when you first start talking about the cycle of failure like there's not one person on the planet that hasn't felt that connected right there was. Yeah, even if you're talking to somebody who's not a business owner, that, that concept reaches your personal life and your professional life, and it ties it all together so I think your audience but I wasn't anybody there these are what you can.

Unknown Speaker  44:54
Absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  44:55
Yeah, but you need to be a little more narrow than that.

Unknown Speaker  44:59
Those people will come. Even if

Speaker 9  45:02
you say my surprise as they listened to it like, Oh, okay. I didn't think this was really gonna have any bearing on my life but I totally get

Speaker 7  45:10
where you say like pictures like you know, because I'm feeling what you're saying like pictures are good, but like, honestly pictures of you hanging out with your kids now and what's going on because of this stuff.

Speaker 3  45:19
Yeah, something like that. Okay, well I'm thinking this gentleman said I'm sorry, Scott, Scott, thank you, what Scott said, which was, you know, bring it back to you and then expand it out to your three success stories that you put in there like this is what they found in, you know the time that was back to them. Again, it brings your story full circle and then it expands it just enough into those case studies so that we can all relate,

Speaker 2  45:50
read on this stuff here, okay, because it looks as though you guys could go on and on and this was one of the best engaged groups that we ever had. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai