Matthias Miller  00:01
Hey, man, I just want to give you some random stream of consciousness thoughts. First of all, where are we at with the current audience? So I feel like with the current audience, it would be great if we had a way to nurture them. I had a text this morning from a guy who had a runaway foster kid, and it made me think that if I would do a series with my life story, I could probably find a whole bunch of points that we could connect on, and it would be a great trust builder. And, you know, I've got ideas on how to do that, so I think that's definitely worth taking a look at. And that can go out, could go out by direct mail. If you wanted to and we could just target people who have been responsive. And, you know, if you do something like 10 letters that's. Dollars times 200 people, that's 1000 bucks. So we could definitely do a great direct mail drip campaign. I could even reach out to them and say, Hey, I would like to drop something in the mail for you. What's the best address for you? And we could delegate some of that if we needed to. I've also been playing around with other ways to target online. So I mentioned lead and force, and they apparently are able to take Facebook profiles, which is no longer supported by Facebook, and potentially turn them into a list custom audience that can be shared into the account. I don't know if that's actually true. I messaged them to see if there's any limit to what they can do. There alternatively, we have, we can extract Facebook member profiles from various places. I played around with appify. There's a way there that we can scrape business listings that fall under certain category. So those are great candidates to target for ads. Since they're already on Facebook, we can see, you know, it could be a somewhat manual campaign to go through and see how many of them are advertising on Facebook, and if not, you know, make a pitch to them. And again, I'm kind of brainstorming long term ideas on how to generate more leads, but that's not actually currently the constraint, and I guess what I'm thinking. And I've also been playing around with the idea of somebody like Devin or somebody like that, to do some outbound sales. But, you know, there's also the question of, should we go get a closer? Do we think there's actually a viable path for them to earn six figures or more? And if there is, then let's go. Let's go see if we can hire a tree closer. And of course, Melody, we offer just as much as we need to in order to get things rolling and nurturing. The first part of the, you know, the some of the folks that we've connected to already might be a great way to do it. So I am out today because of a medical emergency with friends of ours, and so I've got open space and I'm just thinking and pondering and processing. So hopefully this isn't too much of a distraction, but wanted to mention it. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai