Unknown Speaker  06:29
Hey, how's it going?

Unknown Speaker  06:30
Good? How are you

Unknown Speaker  06:33
every every background is different, every call

Unknown Speaker  06:38
you know me, well,

Unknown Speaker  06:41
it's like the

Matthias Miller  06:48
All right, so here's the crazy idea, I've got a lunch in 10 in An hour.

Unknown Speaker  06:59
Okay, I had

Unknown Speaker  07:01
this thought, wouldn't it be interesting to have

Unknown Speaker  07:12
some pretty good design? Let's see.

Speaker 1  07:34
Just do it and do it in figma. Figma, I know it's just so much better, because you can export it in better file types. And I don't know,

Matthias Miller  07:53
maybe I'm Oh no, it's white. I don't want weight. I want it transparent.

Unknown Speaker  08:01
Go to go to the bucket,

Matthias Miller  08:04
yeah, I got it transparent now. So, like, obviously this is like, so this guy should really be over here. And then we've got, you know, this guy,

Unknown Speaker  08:19
40 proof, yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:22
40 proof. And then we've got just a little bit here, zero proof. Well, I mean, I don't think anybody's zero proof. Sure. No, that seems a little, a little harsh. You do have to wonder. I mean, maybe there's some people who are but, and then it's something like, and this maybe shouldn't be completely filled to the brim. That doesn't quite make sense.

Unknown Speaker  08:56
Yeah, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  09:00
So then we have little text boxes that are like, average people, average leaders, and 100 proof you and these can all be centered, which I can't see because I'm

Unknown Speaker  09:44
something like that.

Unknown Speaker  09:52
And Group

Unknown Speaker  09:55
and Group and.

Unknown Speaker  10:03
And group,

Unknown Speaker  10:10
and then we could do

Unknown Speaker  10:18
transition to I

Speaker 2  10:28
know this is slight transition. I don't want to slight transition. I went pure unclick and this appear on click so that

Speaker 1  10:41
I love Google Slides, I it always killed me, like the clients that had any Microsoft stuff, I would just rebuild their presentation because it was easier to work

Unknown Speaker  10:59
with. He's working.

Speaker 1  11:04
I would say Win, win the battle. Battle of being, of being second, of being Second in command

Unknown Speaker  11:32
versus taking second place. I

Unknown Speaker  11:43
I don't know if they look at it as a battle.

Matthias Miller  11:52
Well, you could say we could also just ditch this and say hell is meeting the man you could have been, yeah, yeah. I

Speaker 1  12:16
mean, that's the battle is becoming. The way I was thinking about this morning is expressing your essence, and the person who fully expresses their essence, yeah, so you can see the slide three is like, you've only partly expressed your skates, so, so this is a question I'd ask, is, I was thinking of

Speaker 1  12:55
that's, that's, that's really what I want For my clients, is, are they fully expressed in their work and and I think, you know, sometimes it's sometimes it's undershooting, sometimes it's overshooting. It's like, okay, oh, there's this another dimension of you. There's the second in command dimension. There's 100 proof dimension, okay? We don't want to just focus on one to the exclusion of the other, right? We never want to compromise. How can we integrate both? That's that's the creative and fun challenge. Now I do need to go, okay,

Unknown Speaker  13:45
all right, fair enough,

Speaker 1  13:49
I'll be do you have anything I can answer? Because I'm, I'm going to be gone till Friday. I have a mastermind.

Matthias Miller  14:05
I don't think so. I think that's right. I forgot about that. I'm thinking this can be I can just blank out everything in there progressively. Have progressive slides going through union with truth, by the way. I mean, I don't really want to go too deep in it. I just want to take pirates. Take five or 10 minutes to walk

Speaker 1  14:23
through it. Yeah, the, I think, I think 100 proof challenge is perfect for Facebook. Like lead, lead generator.

Matthias Miller  14:37
Well, this is just a small group of folks who are playing to walk them through some basic concept and have a QR code or something that, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:51
100 proof. I also, I also think proof isn't just alcohol, it's, it's like you. Are proven, or your or your fireproof, right, although alcohol is fire. So I don't know there might be, there might be some easy, some, some nice angles you could take. But I mean, the guy the event is with Chad Robertson, and he took it from, from Ben. Anyways, the guy who wrote 10x is easier than 2x Yep. And that's like another 100 proof versus 40 proof, right, right?

Speaker 1  16:00
And one of the one of the thoughts I had this morning, I'm on a thread of some friends, and it's, it's a lightning round of of what you've what rejection you've had in life, and everyone's like some of these, some of these are absolutely Hilarious. Let me see if I can hold up. I

Speaker 1  16:48
so some of these rejected from Oxford's rice seminary, PhD, multi, and by the way, like, like, this guy is, this guy is successful, like, he's, he's, he's good stuff. But you're like, oh my gosh, look number two time with the wave Navy SEALs. Um, um,

Speaker 1  17:26
lots of lots of these are grid, of course, dating apps. And then the one I thought was great, one of these was this, my friend, this guy's he's getting married soon, and he's been his whole life has felt like one series of rejections after another, but, but one was one was on communion. I was rejected from receiving Communion. Had a close look at parish for three years, then from Rome for one year, dual conversion. These days I'm only rejecting. So anyways, it made me think, what, maybe, what? What rejection isn't what stops your growth? It's success. Like, success is a more dangerous thing. And like, maybe, maybe they've tasted some, maybe they've tasted 40 proof success, but it's still, it's still watered down. So the worst thing, the worst thing is, if you reject yourself. That's what I'm kind of realizing. It's like, if you, if you, if all these guys have said now, like it doesn't affect, it doesn't affect their worth, in my eyes at all. Like it's, it's if they I mean, and this is like for me, if I've, if I've settled for, like, my mediocre definition of success, then that's pretty sad, and I need to be woken up. Yep, yep. So I uh,

Unknown Speaker  19:26
yeah, and that's like, Hey, don't settle for 40 proof.

Speaker 1  19:39
Cool. We, these are the guys. We did the we did the charity, charity site. So are you a coffee shop or what

Unknown Speaker  19:54
co working space?

Speaker 1  19:56
Yeah, I'm going to this event. I. Have, like, I never know what to call myself or what to say, or it's just like I'm here to learn. I probably should get business out of it, but

Matthias Miller  20:16
I would just unapologetically say, Look, I'm consultant. I spend half my income because I'm a consultant. I spent half my income on things like this. And I would be even, even be so bold to say I'm looking for connections that lead to business, and I'm looking for looking to grow personally as a consultant, like simple anyway,

Speaker 1  20:39
I don't know I am, but then people ask me, what you do? And I'm like, if I last time I tried to explain bottleneck, breakthrough, and I felt like, I don't know if it quite had the catch, like it didn't have anyways, maybe it's just me. Maybe it's just me.

Matthias Miller  20:59
I mean, it's what do you do? Right? It's very simple. I'm I'm a consultant. I'm multifaceted. I love working with transformational businesses. If that's you. The best way to figure this out is, let's go have a conversation. Yeah, and like, let's not I mean,

Speaker 1  21:18
well, this this event. I wouldn't have the money to pay for. It's like, it's like a 25k mastermind, and I'm someone's guest.

Speaker 2  21:26
Nice. Well, you can also say that too, then

Speaker 1  21:30
a but what's, what's the group you're wanting to put this together for

Matthias Miller  21:36
the lunch I'm doing today?

Speaker 1  21:38
Oh, okay, cool, you got me?

Speaker 2  21:43
Yeah, awesome. Good to see you. Cool. Enjoy your event. Bye, we'll be able to.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai