Unknown Speaker  00:34
Matthias How are you calling in

Matthias Miller  00:38
that is me calling in yeah I'm gonna be calling my phone this time

Unknown Speaker  00:44
yeah

Unknown Speaker  00:53
which for sure

Matthias Miller  01:19
did manage to figure out how to turn off gesture tracking oh yeah

Speaker 1  01:36
I noticed you had done some emoting during one of the meetings the other day I

Unknown Speaker  01:41
don't remember which one but I made it do a thumbs down or something like that I forget

Matthias Miller  01:51
was when I was on a call with Allison Joel and all those balloons floating up through the through the screen and

Matthias Miller  02:06
accidental Thumbs Down has been great

Unknown Speaker  02:26
Mark

Unknown Speaker  02:28
Hey Mark, Mark

Speaker 2  02:37
Well, we've got thing we've got mainly two things we want to cover one was employee payroll information that

Speaker 2  02:57
if if you could create an employee payroll information that would give us the following fields basically these 11 items listed the And so basically, what this would be a reference that we would use ongoing to make sure that this information matches with the information in gussto because the two would need to be kept in sync basic and not okay, this is this information needs to be stored in gussto right through that entered into into gussto From what you tests

Speaker 3  03:47
not the bank information. Oh to to the bank information doesn't need to be in gusto that would only need to be in SST and in gussto we would need like the filing status and all that kind of stuff. But this would Marvis be just a way to retrieve this information so that we can you know, for anytime we need to check up as to where everybody's at what's going on with their accounts

Matthias Miller  04:29
so the parent company Yeah, this makes sense. If you have specific questions the parent company name is that the master builder for the employees builder?

Speaker 2  04:44
Yes, it is. And you could name it that I call it a number of different things, but yeah, it is.

Matthias Miller  04:53
I don't really care what it's called if I know what it is and then and then the work location address Is that the individual builders location? or do any of the individual builders have multiple work locations?

Speaker 2  05:09
No, that would be the individual builder locations, the same ones that we use for determining which bills or bills gets to build, you know, a certain shed based on the customer, the dealer has, or the hip to address that we use in IMS for, say, shipping to affordable barn calm we plan to or? Yeah. The reason we need that is because real

Speaker 3  05:52
taxes are based off the location, you know. So if well in like North Carolina, I think has some that work in another state or something. So whatever their location of where they work is what the taxes are based on. So that's what we need to work. Right? Most states won't make that much difference between, you know, small differences in location, if it's still within the state, but like Ohio, has a school has the school district tax, which makes a difference as to which school district you're in. So it was several, several miles that could make a difference.

Matthias Miller  06:44
Do you know if all the well, okay. I think that all makes sense. The payment payroll rate makes sense. Payment Method. Makes sense. Bank name account routing number and account make sense? As far as the import for Drew, is this going to be a one time import?

Speaker 3  07:17
Yeah, probably gonna want to. Like, as is looking at importing all this bank information for the employees. You know, and there's just one new hire than it's not worth doing the import, but it just be at the beginning. So I don't know if it's a worthwhile thing for that or not.

Matthias Miller  07:39
I mean, I think what might be easiest is if, okay, so importing numbers three and four. What we would want to import would not be the address but the sub shop name. Because that's how we we'd be linking it out.

Unknown Speaker  07:59
Well, okay, and that that is that

Speaker 2  08:04
that's wrong. I didn't write that correct. But like we don't, the only thing Drew is looking to would be looking to mass import into a cyst would be eight 910 and 11. Because all the other information is actually already Yeah, isn't has already been entered. And on this report in a we're just pulling that out so that we have a reference to see where everybody's at. So that really should just see.

Matthias Miller  08:40
Okay, well that that makes me absolutely happy and delighted.

Unknown Speaker  08:47
So I think

Matthias Miller  08:52
we can go one of two ways. I think it would be just as easy probably if Drew has a file to import with that stuff. If he just sends it over. And and I just do a one off import. Now if and then if he and I figure out what it takes to get it working if there's name differences or anything like that. I can I can then give him a link to that. That import if he needs to make subsequent imports but

Unknown Speaker  09:26
Oh, okay. Yeah,

Speaker 3  09:29
yeah, I kind of doubt imports are gonna be really that important.

Matthias Miller  09:40
Well, I think

Speaker 2  09:48
Oh, to make sure that the names all match up. We could just get through a copy of that. Oh, there's an employee Standard employ use lists are something that Aaron, that has been exported to air, we could just give him a copy of that, that were the names would all match perfectly with why this is, or the the employee name is what you're going to be using to match to do that import to match the information up, right?

Matthias Miller  10:19
Correct. Or if you would, there's an employee's report. Drew if you search the menu for employees there's an employee's report you can just pull that

Unknown Speaker  10:37
good.

Speaker 2  10:39
So Matthias has has bank name bank routing number bank account number? Has that already been built out in payroll module or NSS? For this purpose

Matthias Miller  10:55
I'm not sure about for this purpose. I think it's available for vendors I don't know Josh made it available for everybody. And I'm not sure if bank name is on there or not. I don't recall. If you give me

Speaker 3  11:10
Well, I can tell you if your ACH process works without the bank name, then we wouldn't need it with all

Matthias Miller  11:30
these fields are there it's just a matter of

Unknown Speaker  11:39
whether

Matthias Miller  11:41
we allow ACH to be filled in only for vendors or if we allowed it to be filled in for anybody.

Unknown Speaker  12:01
Oh, either way

Speaker 2  12:06
because again, a you have what you need B through compiles a file, we get that information together he sends it to you to do a one time upload and we're that should take care of that for b Okay, good. And then see how will you handle on our payroll? Can we simply bypass gussto For owner payroll? So owner payroll is just

Speaker 2  12:38
you know, there's no taxes there's no withholdings on that at that point. So you we already have a payroll like a type set or owner owner payroll or so can we? Yeah. Is that can you just bypass Costco for that or?

Matthias Miller  13:07
Yeah, I presume we would just create Well sure, we would. Nevermind. I was gonna say we we don't want vendor invoices for those do we

Speaker 2  13:28
think it would be cleaner to not have vendor invoices.

Matthias Miller  13:34
Okay. Yeah, that's not a problem. We'll just consider them as Yeah, that's not a problem.

Speaker 4  13:44
Because that's all honor. An

Speaker 2  13:49
honors peril is 1500 per week, then. It's, you know that for 1500. Is what goes to his personal bank account. Right. Any withholdings? Yeah, Elijah.

Unknown Speaker  14:08
Good. Good.

Matthias Miller  14:15
The The only caveat which I'm sure you've got ways to catch on your end that we have any kind of reporting or anything for year end pretending the nines you'll have to you have to make sure on your end that you issue the correct tentative answer owners at the end of the year. They started Davina would come back

Speaker 3  14:39
on because if they're not a corp, an S corp, then it it really was just a draw from the business. It's just a pass through. So I

Matthias Miller  14:53
get to nevermind even better than payroll right it's just an It's just the scheduled donor draw

Speaker 3  15:03
scheduled on our draw, and we just want it to show up on the income statement, as you know, as an employee expense, you know, because that's really what they are doing for the company.

Speaker 4  15:22
Right. Right. Thanks.

Matthias Miller  15:30
Good luck, good.

Speaker 2  15:33
Anything else on payroll management? Quick question on integrating assists with gussto, as far as and you heard from Josh, or any updates on Josh, or Josh's? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  15:50
We just found some information that gets the website that says that they may not support what we're trying to do. And it's not clear from what they're saying if they mean you can try it but we're not here to help or if they mean don't do this, and we will be very unhappy if you try. So we unfortunately have a little bit of a hiccup in that regard.

Unknown Speaker  16:30
So

Matthias Miller  16:32
we're going to chuck Josh or I will look into it and find out

Speaker 3  16:38
as far as testing your connections, I put two employees and ran payroll for them that Aaron and Dora this mod that was yesterday this morning. That was all still there. But I don't know if it will be 24 hours later, because it says it gets deleted every day. But either way you could even just use one of those demo those demo employees. Yeah, because they got demo everything in there and as long as you just you can just see if that information pulls over correctly, like either way would work

Unknown Speaker  17:18
yeah

Unknown Speaker  17:24
do you have any idea I mean, how soon you're going to know on? Probably not like I mean

Matthias Miller  17:34
probably probably early next week,

Unknown Speaker  17:41
okay

Unknown Speaker  17:49
what about

Speaker 2  17:50
number three functionality to enter default GL accounts for payroll pretty much exactly what we talked about are you Is that Is that why did I put down Monday October 16. Is that reasonable? Or not at all?

Matthias Miller  18:16
It is you could even put Friday October 13 If you wanted to. Okay

Unknown Speaker  18:22
you're saying it's done? It will go live update this weekend? Yep. So so we could by Monday we could do by market if we Yeah, that shouldn't take that long to get default GL accounts for employee

Unknown Speaker  18:50
good then

Speaker 2  18:57
so seven and eight. We probably should help should should we hold off on seven until we know that God who can actually do all what we're hoping it will do

Speaker 2  19:13
because I'm thinking him just you can't give us back some of that information then there's no point and then we won't be able to show to pull that information in.

Matthias Miller  19:30
Well, if if it's not gonna so it's going to be like I would think we have another vendor that we could

Unknown Speaker  19:38
work with. So we don't

Matthias Miller  19:43
we shouldn't spend anything up with gusto. But I don't foresee major issues with something getting thrown wildly sideways because of it.

Speaker 2  19:57
Okay, so you're saying stay there. Course on plant plant, we'll have a way to do that. Bringing that information across automatically.

Matthias Miller  20:09
With things so

Unknown Speaker  20:11
good. Anything else on payroll? Have anything else?

Unknown Speaker  20:29
You have anything else to bear? So

Speaker 2  20:33
we have some finally have some information on what landmark is and does Matthias, you were sent a link from the Myers to the landmark account. The purpose was, well, once he can look around to see if there's if they have an API, and we could automatically connect, which even if we could, I think that was something we do next year or the following. We don't do that many transactions, I think we should plan to to start with a manual process on that. Sure. Have you have you looked at that at all?

Matthias Miller  21:32
Not been conducive to that. That

Speaker 2  21:36
that's so it's basically if we look at the project management checklist or landmark is something some corrections from earlier funds are always paid directly to the ship company. Finances are either partial or for the entire purchase. And then landmark will issue payment in three different scenarios or ways or whatever, either one bank payment amount, they will pay the amount requested minus their fees, just like Stripe. The second scenario is they pay the full amount that was requested. And the third amount is paid the amount requested was a billion. So our thought is that. With with training collections are they are people and US adding functionality, or, you know, right off types that we should, that should give us everything we need. So if we look at the first example pain as requested minus this was one based on whatever they're, that they that says that where they, they can't back their fees. So we would simply go into record that payment, and

Unknown Speaker  23:16
select the and then

Speaker 2  23:20
when you're entering it, you see that it's short, it's less than the remaining balance. And with a bit of training, you're going to know that okay, this is from landmark. And so your select your Righto type of

Unknown Speaker  23:35
landmark fee, and enter to enter $15.24 or whatever the amount of it.

Speaker 2  23:46
Obviously, if it's the amount matches, there's no fees or premiums, just enter the amount. And then

Unknown Speaker  23:54
if there's a premium

Speaker 2  23:57
have a write off type of landmark premium, you enter 4512.

Unknown Speaker  24:05
And then on the

Speaker 2  24:10
on the second page, we have a table of write offs. So if we could add functionality for the write off type to determine whether an entry is negative or positive. I think that would make more sense than just trying to teach multiple people always enter negative or positive balance correctly. And then the write off amount with default to the difference between the open balance and the payment amount but it could be edited because one of these the first example we were looking at, if the landmark payment was recorded, prior to the check be recorded, then it would you would need to edit that. Okay, that is the only way to know What the right out from out there would be is you would have to go look at the landmark dashboard and see the difference between the amount requested and the amount paid to the dealer which is not not ideal but most of the most of the time if there is a if landmark is only paying partially paying the building majority of the time that payment is going to come in be recorded last so it's you know, you should always I would unless you see a problem with proceeding with a more simplistic solution I think that would be the right thing to do now and add better functionality later if we need it

Matthias Miller  25:56
I think it's fair for see any Yeah, issues with that good

Speaker 2  26:05
green sky we can use pretty much the same thing fonts are always paid directly to ship company. Again a correction their finances either partial or entire. And they do not keep back their their fees, say on an individual payment but instead bill for this other market statement. So this would always be like the the second landmark scenario so that I mean, there's no nothing or functionality that needs to be done there where they just pay the full amount. So if we if we go to the next page and look at that table on the right of knives, here's kind of I think here's what we need. So your write offs that accounts receivable use when there is a write off alone. Like basically the name of the right amount landmark fee landmark premium payment right oh something that's pretty intuitive as to what it is and then the notes where they could click on and see if they for more information if they need that and then whether the right off amount is is plus or minus and then the default GL account which we could enter so anything I missed

Unknown Speaker  27:29
your Matthias What

Unknown Speaker  27:35
do you see any

Unknown Speaker  27:38
anything that's

Unknown Speaker  27:41
what work or that should be changed

Unknown Speaker  27:51
I can't

Unknown Speaker  27:56
think of anything

Unknown Speaker  28:03
looks pretty straightforward

Matthias Miller  28:09
might be if you keep sending things that are this well documented I might be losing my job

Unknown Speaker  28:20
probably the result of a job well done so far on your site

Unknown Speaker  28:30
good so

Speaker 4  28:36
man, this is so like adding basically all your

Speaker 2  28:42
all you're doing additionally would be provide more like overhaul the write off or just add some functionality to the write off basic.

Matthias Miller  28:54
Yep, and then pull it into the oh, what date is the writer lives? Impact

Unknown Speaker  29:07
Oh, so

Speaker 2  29:11
Okay, here's my thought. If there is an accompany payment, it should it should be the same date. I think the payment or the date of the payment but you also you will also want functionality to so you get to the end of the quarter and you housekeeping and you have an accounts receivable you have a piece or the open balances smallest to largest and you have a 50 cent and a 20 cent and if you just want to write those off and you want to write those off is to get rid of them. So I think the idea would be if there is a payment the transaction should be same as payment date, if there is no payment you're going, it should be the default should be the day or you're doing it with the ability to edit it that. Is that to copy? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  30:14
So if there's

Matthias Miller  30:16
no let me not write it down.

Unknown Speaker  30:22
So

Matthias Miller  30:26
you need a write off date, field. And if there are any payments, use default to today's date, and

Speaker 2  30:40
no to the date, if, if payment default date,

Matthias Miller  30:46
the latest payment date

Speaker 2  30:49
while to the current payment date. So if you're if you're applying a landmark payment of 5500, and there's a $50. Or, if landmark sharp pay to $50, they get back $50 of their fees, and we're entering a payment 5500 they only paid 5450. And they funded us two days ago and will want to enter you know, 10 1011 will always enter a payment date. And then whatever the payment date is if there's right oh it's it's dated to same day, I don't think it should even be editable, I think it should just in that case, it should be fixed. If payment date then right off date equal payment date equal that payment date.

Speaker 3  32:00
This is going on the payment record, right now this is I'm gonna it's there's no necessarily you don't have to go into the invoice to do this.

Unknown Speaker  32:32
Don't know,

Matthias Miller  32:36
the only real reason we were going to do a payment record was for situations where you got multiple payments, or multiple Salesforce types of payments. And so we could require a payment record anytime you want to do a write off

Matthias Miller  33:01
I mean, you're gonna get an objection I talked about he basically didn't even care which way we go, I think

Matthias Miller  33:14
I think for simplicity, we'll end up doing the handle multiple payments is we will add payment rows to each sales order, but link them together with a shared record, something like that. So they'll and they won't be editable from there, you'll have to add them some other way.

Matthias Miller  33:48
So we weren't right off the function like we'd also talked about they're only ever

Matthias Miller  34:05
if you're going to tie out loan payments to each

Unknown Speaker  34:08
other, no matter where it's stored.

Matthias Miller  34:12
If you're tying it out to multiple sales orders, you need to determine the right amount for each sales order

Speaker 3  34:24
as well and look at all of if those payments are lumped together or not. Or if a payment was individual for each building.

Speaker 2  34:36
Oh you mean from landmark? What we don't know is do they trend? If there's three down in one day Are they three separate ACH or not? But I think as long as I think the first step as long as we well that'll take a bit of training but we ideally you want to report the payment right the day that it's no Not the date is, like a check, we said we want to date and the date of the check so that

Speaker 2  35:10
we need it today it was initiated, not the day it was received.

Unknown Speaker  35:16
Or yeah,

Speaker 3  35:17
I mean, you would, but depends what your source document is as to whether you even know, you know, if they send you a statement, you would have that initiated date, if they don't send you a statement, you'd

Speaker 5  35:28
be going by one bank, which would be probably the next day.

Speaker 2  35:33
But either way, as long as we have a consistent way of recording the payment date, then it should show up the same. That's what will determine our, our deposit dates, and then eventually, we'll just know that ACH is or always appear in the bank A day later showing up on deposit. It's just important that we're consistent.

Unknown Speaker  36:03
Go ahead. Yeah, sorry. Well, I

Speaker 2  36:07
think it's important that we're consistent that way, if if you have a three by $5,000, individual ACH is one day and your deposit shows shows that total of 15,000. Well, that way, you can quickly, you should be able to reconcile by seeing the bank whether the bank shows it as 15,000 or three $5,000 payments, as long as the date on the deposit side is consistent with what the bank is showing. They say that right? Is that? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  36:51
I mean, we can also see how each person handles it, if if they group them all together, then we can treat them like credit cards, basically, they automatically get deposited. And if they're lump separately, then we treat them like checks, in which case, you have to go through and select which three are part of which ACH settlement, basically. And we have a separate deposit record for these Ach, which is perhaps a little weird, but it's

Unknown Speaker  37:23
it's pretty close to how it works.

Unknown Speaker  37:37
So we were

Speaker 2  37:38
discussing right off, like what is the transaction date for a? What should the transaction data be for a Righto? But I see what you're, I think I see where you're going with that. And this is like, it's easy for to just say, Well, if there's a payment, then make it if you do if you do payment in a write off at the same time, then make it show the same transaction date. And if there's no payment, and you're doing a write off, then make it default to today's date. But then what if, you know what if you have like the software probably can't think like that the software is going to say well you're doing a write off I actually also had a payment for this invoice recorded today

Speaker 2  38:43
which is why you said not to be used latest payment date. No, maybe maybe the write off should always just should it always just defaulted today. Like what are the implications of that on the right will only affect accounts receivable right. The right i mean it shows up on your fees are there but the write off is what determines what you would also determine your revenue, like on a on a premium. If you don't record it until you know the following month then it would put the revenue in the wrong bond. But the primary thing is how to fix your accounts receivable up. Keep that

Matthias Miller  39:41
on the on the I mean you can get pretty technical I guess you could date it as of the fee when the fee occurred.

Matthias Miller  39:53
Typically the payment date. If it's a customer didn't pay enough, you could do it on the day that they made the payment But if it's I mean, if it's the only weird case would be a bad debt, in which case you don't know for days that you're never going to collect you were hoping to collect that blast. More than $1 500 I don't know what it was 250 I don't know what, and it's just not going to happen and it's not worth repairing the building for it, or whatever. But I don't know some weird scenario. That's the only case where you really need to wait to date it and until the future it seems to me at least what I could think of. Yeah.

Speaker 2  40:38
Greg did well, I think that's the situation we're probably I mean, in reality, you'd probably go through end of the year, maybe end of the quarter and say, Okay, let's be honest with ourselves these three we're never going to collect on them let's count our losses, write them off as of this date and if

Unknown Speaker  40:57
Yeah

Speaker 3  41:01
In that case, if you just make it make it editable and then you can just type in whatever you want. So default to the to the latest payment and then you just added those

Unknown Speaker  41:31
does that

Unknown Speaker  41:33
give you what you need on that class?

Matthias Miller  41:38
The yes it is.

Speaker 2  41:42
So there's obviously quite a bit more on that credit and collections management but it's first step I mean is that what's

Unknown Speaker  41:51
your I mean it's

Speaker 2  41:56
here we're just defining the business process but and I think we've done that not doing the right Oh, functionality is that like it by next Monday by go live by next the next update over the weekend not this weekend but

Speaker 5  42:18
by the 23rd

Unknown Speaker  42:28
I think so yes.

Unknown Speaker  42:32
Yeah

Unknown Speaker  42:38
yeah, it seems like the next thing on this is been structuring deposits which you've you've put some examples together but are

Unknown Speaker  42:54
like yeah,

Matthias Miller  42:56
I mean, Drew Drew's got the rod you have that I've just been I've been to heads down on payroll to give much thought to

Unknown Speaker  43:11
Yeah, So

Unknown Speaker  43:23
Good So

Speaker 2  43:26
one other thing that you'd mentioned that the reconciliation updates those are probably going to happen be live by Monday Do you know is that Joe's able to make those changes

Matthias Miller  43:43
let me check in with him

Unknown Speaker  43:55
while I do that take a look

Matthias Miller  44:06
I might have two

Matthias Miller  44:12
heads up Am I having a drop off here to meet somebody blocking off the good 45 minutes. It looks to me like the answer is mostly Yes. Not sure if everything is going to be completely functional. But

Unknown Speaker  44:39
yeah. It's like mostly Yes.

Unknown Speaker  44:46
Good. Anything for us? Cool. I can't give anything. I think that

Unknown Speaker  44:57
doesn't care.

Matthias Miller  45:03
Yeah, we've made major strides and

Unknown Speaker  45:09
keep pushing. Yeah.

Speaker 2  45:14
There was a few. If I get through it, I'll send it to you today and if not next week, so Oh, there is something on payroll module and I want to get that to usually for years and while it's still kind of course, working with payroll but it's I don't think it's anything major is with how owner payrolls calculated I just need to

Unknown Speaker  45:33
Yes. Yes, yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  45:40
Sounds good. Sounds like playing

Unknown Speaker  45:46
awesome. Yes.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai