Matthias Miller  00:50
Hey, hey. So it'd be easier to talk me through a little bit here. So one of the things I'm going to do, okay, just step back over a lead flow. Google ads are our leads coming in from Google are about 3x, the price of leads coming in from Facebook. So, but we're, we're heavily invested in Google, because Google is when it comes to marketing. Google really, really, really likes people who play along well. And if you don't play along with them, they nobody can prove anything. But they've got levers back deep within their AI engine that if you don't play along with them, there's really no way to recover account quality. So we've been playing along with them, because we want to, we want them as a lead source. But leads are about three times as expensive. One of the things I'm going to check in with Gabe and Mike and see if we can double our Facebook lead budget, and see if we can get we should substantially increase lead flow as well, I think that would result, and let's actually look at how much that would be, well, it's not that much. So maybe results in

Matthias Miller  02:25
an eye I've had to go back and check my numbers may result in anywhere from three to six, we're not very heavily in in Facebook at all, but may result in three to six additional leads a day, which even that doesn't sound like it's sufficient to really keep you busy. So that's Avenue number one that we'll pursue Avenue number two, is just just so you know, probably some of the coldest leads you can encounter, our social media leads directly from social media. And so there's some moderation that you can do, and some of them have some fairly strong buying interest. But even once you start messaging them to get them warmed up to be able to take a phone call, is probably going to take a fair bit of, of energy and effort. So some tips with that is when you're when you're dealing with, with leads on Facebook, through Facebook messenger to you know, keep it short, don't try to address multiple issues at the same time. And your your number one goal is to try to get them on a phone call. At any point of the marketing process at any part of the sales and marketing process, there's you can think of it as a series of steps. And you're you're trying to optimize the conversion into the next step. So in Facebook, adverts in, you know, Facebook advertising, you're showing ads in front of people you're trying to get from the that get them to click from the ad to the website. That's part number one that you want them to do. And then from the website, you're trying to optimize the the website to get them to click on the Quote on the quote, you're trying to get them to get through the quote and do that, then you're trying to get them on a phone call. And each of those can be broken down into little pieces. And you can diagnose any of those specific pieces to find out where the breakdown is your goal. So your goal from a Facebook post is to get them to engage with you in conversation through messenger. And your goal on Messenger is not at least at this stage of the game. Is not to get them to buy a building but to get them to. If you can great. I think it could be entirely possible to sell a building start to finish and never pay Get the phone, never send an email and only do it through Facebook Messenger. I think it's entirely possible that that could be done. And there are industries where that is being done but but at where we're at in the process, I think your best likelihood of success is using that messenger, only as a means to see if you can get them on a phone call. Okay, the point that you got him on the phone call, then then the rest of the process, we should be able to follow. But what I don't want to have happen, so I think it can be a fine Avenue, what I don't want to have happen is you spending a lot of time chasing these when basically, what you're going to spend 70 to 90% of your time doing when you're dealing with Facebook Messenger is, you're most likely going to spend most of your time trying to qualify or disqualify people. I mean, like, yeah, it's it's just a lot of messaging back and forth from everything that I've heard. But if you're able to figure out a system that works, it could be an interesting additional channel. The other thing that people have done is that is working, the other ship companies are doing is building Facebook market Mark marketplace listings. In regions, I would stay away from a 10 mile radius of any of the dealers. But for example, Charlotte, the Charlotte area could be a fantastic place. And I do think, I'm not sure if you can, I'm not sure whether you can use the truepoint backyards profile or whether you'd have to use your own personal profile to do that. If that's something you're interested in pursuing, we do have some I can I can get you connected with Alan, and he can walk you through some of the things that we've tried with Facebook marketplace listings as well.

Speaker 1  07:16
Okay. But as far as like, the success rate, I'm assuming in the past hasn't been very successful, or what would you say that look like?

Matthias Miller  07:36
Quality of lead goes way down. So I think I think it's more likely that you get people who are price shopping. I don't I'm not heavily enough invested in it to say that we should basically introducing this as a way to fill time, which I don't necessarily know is fantastic. I would not recommend this if we had a flow of leads coming from any other direction. Gotcha. So I don't feel strongly about that moderating, moderating comments on the truepoint backyards Facebook page is something that's well worth doing helps kind of build, build and protect Social Media reputation and things like that. So mostly mentioning the Craig's the the Facebook marketplace thing if it is something that you want to pursue, but pursue and explore but now we have there are other companies that are driving leads almost exclusively through through Facebook marketplace. So it does seem that in some that there is some possibility of getting it to work reasonably well. But again, I don't know we don't have any numbers cost per lead whether it's worth having, you know, cost per lead cost per conversion off of that as a lead source whether it's actually worth having What does cost per lead compare there versus just straight up Facebook? Advertising?

Speaker 1  09:13
Yeah. So would it be like reaching out to people that's interacting with the page? Like we're

Matthias Miller  09:21
okay. That would be the place to start anybody commenting just looking for comments interacting with people answering questions. What's price if people are asking about price I would move them into a DM and and yeah, just actively engaging with anybody who's

Unknown Speaker  09:42
interacting with the page. Okay. I don't mind trying it. Of course, I don't want to be like inefficient, but if there's nothing going on over here, I don't mind giving it a try to see what comes next Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:02
Understood. So let me let me know if you've got any questions. I will get in touch with even Mike about what they're willing to do with the with the ad budget. We'll go from there.

Unknown Speaker  10:14
Okay. Thanks bias.

Matthias Miller  10:17
You bet. Thanks Tori. Have a go


Transcribed by https://otter.ai