Unknown Speaker  01:17
Good morning.

Matthias Miller  01:18
Hey, good morning. How's it going? How are you doing? Pretty good. How are you? Good I think I was looking at the leads this morning and it looks like we are not sure what's going on like there might be some of them that didn't make it in. Oh, really? Let me check into that. Now. Ken Smith

Unknown Speaker  01:54
as he can Malcolm Brian

Matthias Miller  02:03
kins, let's see where Ken's assigned to. Yes, yeah, he's assigned to you. Someone did.

Speaker 1  02:10
Yes he can Smith, Malcolm Brian Valcourt

Matthias Miller  02:14
Do you see Vera McGriff? Say it again. Vera McGriff I don't Okay, it's just it's just that one we didn't get a lot of weeds last night. I have a lower numbers last night.

Speaker 1  02:42
Is it correct that there were only four new leads yesterday or five? Well,

Matthias Miller  02:49
there would have been. Okay, so Malcolm came in. Around look see. Brian came in around 5pm. Eastern. And then there should be 12345 after that. I think we're missing one stupid reassignments so we've got Susan Ken Samuel. Malcolm Brian. Alice. Okay. Beer is the only one that didn't make it in for some reason. Let me check something all right, well, I'll check into that. Okay. Good. So how did yesterday go?

Speaker 1  03:51
Yesterday was one of those days where I was leaving a lot of voicemails and sending a lot of emails, it was hard to reach people. So out of the new leads, I left for voicemails and since the email one person answered which was Alice and she realized she was over two hours away. And she just wanted to you know, look closer to where she was and the follow ups I had so a lot of them didn't answer left voicemails. A guy by the name of Glenn at one at the storage with no bottom. So when I reached out to him two days ago, he didn't answer it. I was able to reach him yesterday. And he said he ended up buying a shed down the street. Like Dang. Like the worst is like, could have been. And then, Cynthia, I reached out to her yesterday, she said she didn't receive my email. So I recently and I told her I'll give her time to review the quote and then I'll follow up, follow up with her today. So um, I'll reach out to everybody again, as far as the follow ups, and also talk to Nova. I talked to Nova, she's under Christopher, this his wife, as she was saying, she spoke to him, and they have a limited budget, and they're remodeling. And she's gonna see how much money she has left after that. And I did send a couple of options over like the rent to own, because it's a lower payment, month to month versus all at once. So I sent her over that option to review. Okay. But other than that, yeah, a lot of a lot of voicemails

Matthias Miller  05:43
interesting. Something that would be worth doing to pull up something here. Something that would be interesting to take a look at is like, what one is I don't know what you're doing for the voicemails, but including some kind of, including the need, that they have in the voicemail. I don't know if that's something that you've been doing or not, but you know, like, like, John, John Scripto. Here, I'm not sure who he's assigned to is just a new opportunity isn't out of area, but he mentioned you wanted to use it for a pool house. And just including that, you know, what are the, you know, touching base to make sure that he's got what he needs for his, you know, place to put his stuff for the for for his pool, and, you know, etc, whatever he wants, whatever he wants to do with that. Being able to reference something along those lines could be could be useful. Or it could be worth testing, when you're leaving with us. Or if somebody has, is looking to throw on equipment, just you know, calling him up talking about how to get get their lawn equipment out of the out of their garage or out of the outdoors, wherever they are right now.

Speaker 1  07:15
Yeah, I usually mentioned like, when I reached out to them, like, I refer to the notes, like I see you're looking for eight by 12? Should I include some of the details? And I told them, I would love to connect with them to build them a customized quote and find them, you know exactly what they're looking for. And, you know, and also send a follow up email. So they have that information as well. And then, you know, tell them to give me a call back at the number that's say my number. But yeah, well, thank you so much for the book already started reading it. I'm excited to. I'm excited to read it further. And I did get the samples and stuff from Michael, thank you. I don't know if he's on the line. Okay, I did have a question referring to the standard electrical package. Is that a thing? Like, it comes in as a whole package versus individual, like the interior light, and then the light switch? Because I don't like configurator? You have to add it separately. And like the cost is like, separate amounts. So is there actually a package for that?

Matthias Miller  08:28
I mean, you need a breaker box to go with it. But Mike, is there. Is there a standard package for that? Or is it just adding the options? I wasn't aware of the package, but

Speaker 2  08:38
it is it is you just you would just put together a package. It's just basically what the customer wants. The only thing that we do require, again, just like Matthias said, is to start out with we do require a breaker box. Obviously, that's the core and you get a main disconnect on and everything to hook the power into but beyond that, building out, whatever package that they prefer, is customizable. For selection.

Speaker 1  09:04
Okay, so it's not like something that's one price like a package. It's one price that I wasn't seeing in the configurator Correct.

Unknown Speaker  09:12
You're correct. You are correct. Yes.

Speaker 1  09:15
Okay, I was just making sure I wasn't missing anything on that part. And I had a note that said oh, I said like I don't install breakers as needed for what the customer is requesting. So is there a certain thing like if they select a certain thing that breaker is it automatically comes with it?

Speaker 2  09:44
So concerning breakers, we always install breakers as needed, and do that automatically. So when you select lights, receptacles, etc. We automatically will provide that that cost factor is factored in to that price point of each receptacle, light etc. So as needed to put those in, you don't need to be like asking for breakers or whatever.

Speaker 1  10:15
Okay, okay. But I still selected on the configurator.

Speaker 2  10:22
Well, the breaker box, I apologize, maybe you got those confused the breaker box, you will need to select now but the breakers that go in the breaker box specifically, those are the ones that we automatically put in there. So apologize for the confusion breaker box is necessary. Yes.

Speaker 1  10:42
Okay, that makes sense. Gotcha. Okay. Well, my plan for today, I will follow up with people I couldn't reach yesterday, and then reach out to their new leads as well.

Matthias Miller  11:00
Sounds good. And then continue to keep me keeping me posted. If if you're getting too many or not enough leads or you don't, you're done with follow ups halfway through the day, and you don't have anything to do the rest of the day. Let's just just understand kind of where lead flow is at and, and that. Okay. Sounds good. Good. Anything else from you, Mike?

Speaker 2  11:36
Just a quick question. Could you just update a little bit on the process for leads coming in? And how that notification looks? And what's the average response time been on leads coming in throughout the day when like, we're actively working for these leads? Is there a way that we have tracking on that? Or no,

Matthias Miller  12:05
we can let me see if we can get it would take me just a little bit to put together a report. But I've got about 15 minutes here between my next call and I can see if I can put together a report that gets gets that time.

Speaker 2  12:33
Sure, that'd be interesting. I did see the report that's sent to me on the timeframe please comes in time of the day that the least you know we're coming in that really is interesting. Looking at that percentage wise how that sort of equates out there so curious on the if there's a if we have cracking on specifically connecting to people, and if if we can see a trend in timeframes like reaching back out to people, the effectiveness of people picking up versus different timeframes, like shorter versus longer.

Matthias Miller  13:12
Yeah. Makes sense. Yeah, all

Speaker 2  13:18
good. That's Oh, my God this morning.

Matthias Miller  13:22
Okay, sounds good. Thank you. Yep. Thanks. Have a good one. Have a good day. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai