Matthias Miller  00:00
I don't think we're ever doomed. So let's start with that. So it's it's possible. So let's just look at one simple way. If you thrive on face to face environments, then it's very possible that your path to building a business, just to show one possible path, is to build a team of three people. You don't need that many people. With digital businesses and AI and all of these things that you build a team in person, team of three people, so you get the face to face interactions, and they have the zone of genius to build scale through digital means. Like there's 101 ways to slice that's just one of them. There's 101 ways to slice and dice this. Most of them are just simply outside the bounds of how we're currently thinking about them. It's a really frustrating answer to say that you just have to get more creative, because it doesn't really help you at the end of the day. But I really think it if you don't feel creative, you need to get around people who can help look at these things from different angles and find ways to kind of build the perfect stir fry of how you can match who you are and how you show up with with what you're looking to create. Try to approach it with curiosity, because I think one of, one of my, one of my fundamental beliefs is that is that talent, developed, talent is one of the greatest, your greatest contributions to the world, and one of the best places you can be investing in yourself. And so if you, I mean, I'm sure we've all heard this, if you take somebody who's pulling D's in math and you, and you tell them to double down on math, they might be able to get to a C, but not to an A. But if you have somebody who is an A in math or English, and you have them double down, they can get to an A plus. And, you know, not saying anything about the education system, but I know folks who've gone past the the 100% grade mark to exceed that, and I think, I think that's what we're looking to do, because, well, in a world that's virtually competitive, we're tempted to to start running a race that's not our race to run, or that will we even have any possibility to win. And if you let go of the competitive drive and you simply allow yourself to focus in on the things that you're best at, the irony of it is that you actually gain competitive advantage. It's like when you drop the competition and you stop running their race, you set your own race, and you start winning the competition. I would be lying if I said that certain types of business models, certain types of showing up, do not have implicit limits on how far they can scale. But I would also call into question, I think far too many people say they want the big business for some reason other than what, why they actually want the big business. And I think this goes back to the to other conversations about getting, about doing the inside work is, if you can really understand what it is that you're after, you can have that, but you have to work or get in and orchestrate your life around that.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai