Speaker 1  00:00
Think the question what a second in command should do when, when the door shuts, is a fairly nuanced question. I think one of the things to ask is, is, what businesses have they excelled at before? A zero to one business is vastly different than a one to many. Getting past the startup phase is inordinately difficult, but there are some people who are exceptionally good at that, and I think there's different paths. It depends what it is they're doing. It depends on the reason why there is second in command. Some people are second in command because they have an aspirational goal to become a business leader, but they face some kind of doubt or insecurity about whether they actually have it within them to do it. So it's kind of a self protective safety mechanism. If I'm the second in command, I can grow this other person's thing. I don't have to come face to face with I don't know what I want. I don't know if I can do it. All the internal doubts that all this face, if we actually do anything, that's faster comfort zone, then there's a question of whether they're they're built as a second in command. And I think there are people who do exceptionally well and are wired to be a second in command. That's that is, that is their zone of genius. And if you're that kind of person, you absolutely should double down on that and become better and better at it. And there are plenty of opportunities where you can get compensated quite well for that, and for the value that you bring to a company through that. I think it's also and it's it's also worth asking what? What I think anybody who's looking to get into business, whether it's leaving, leaving corporate job, whatever, to get into business, has to ask the question of whether it's better to do an acquisition and work with an established business, or whether it's better to do a franchise where you've got a blueprint handed to you, or whether it's better to do a startup, and just for the sake of example, a startup has really a really high often has an extremely high reliance on the founders skills, and so you have to be in order inordinately competent at a specific thing to get the lift off in startup mode to get to where You want to go. So know what that is, and leverage it to your maximum, as as far and as hard as you can in order to to build, build the startup. So knowing what kind of environment or what kind of situation you're going to thrive in, the best and and also knowing your skill of preparation, I think, is it's, it's important. Here's one of the things that happens with, I think, with with second in commands, and also see with consultants, but second in command people is that they develop, they develop such a degree of confidence of competence that they begin to question it. So, you know Denny Kruger early, early in when you don't know anything, you're confident about everything. And the more that you know, the more you realize you don't know. And you get to this point where you have reached a level of mastery, and you still think you don't know anything. And so I think it's I think it's true for a lot of us. It can really easily become kind of the lid of between where we are and where we need to go, because we're struck with this deep realization of everything that we don't know. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai