Speaker 1  00:02
Okay, so here's the few things that I'm thinking about. The first thing is that I should figure out a way to actually let me back up one of the things that they should talk to the accelerant guy and give him some insight on how to build his business. That's option number one, and how to use LinkedIn better. Another option is a regarding Frank, if there's a way that I could do a shout out. One idea is a video on why you should invest in coaching and important things to look forward to coats. And one of the things I realized that it's really important to be who they are like, there's, there's a solid person, like the quality of their character in the quality of their inner world will has a huge impact on how much I trust her coaching. And of course, there's tactical things as well. But it's very rare to find a coach, it seems to be very rare to find a coach, you can connect at a deeper level like Frank can, and I wonder if there's a way that I can, I can promote frank with that. And I wonder, too, if I could even include a free coaching session with Frank,

Unknown Speaker  01:07
you're not sure it's an interesting time.

Unknown Speaker  01:10
That's an interesting thought.

Speaker 1  01:13
Okay, so there's that. The other thing I was thinking about was talking about

Speaker 1  01:19
the of networking, or how to stand out at a networking event. And the basic thing is that there are a few core people that are true networkers and most times that it's really not that many people that you want to interact with. It's just a handful of really important people, and really key people. And if you can get around those key people, they know everybody else, and they can open up the doors for you. And I'm realizing, listen to this, now that I haven't even follow my own advice. For example, Joe lock would be a great person that I should be interacting more with. But I've got and I really need to everybody really would be worth reaching out to them to him, and getting to know him better and getting around him for it, maybe this mastermind would be a way to do that. So that's another one trying to think, what else?

Speaker 1  02:10
Yeah, or the other one is as the one thing that 99 networkers aren't actually doing, and I think one of the key behaviors are they are contributors and they're looking for what they can give and the most the world genuinely is looking for what they could get

Speaker 1  02:27
if you change your focus to give you momentum and it's again it's a good reminder for some of these guys are my networking list that I feel like I should be reaching out to or helping or something like that and, and not

Speaker 1  02:39
anyway so there's there's that Wow, so anyway, this is really good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai