Unknown Speaker  00:23
Jesse, Hey, how are you, sir, good. How are you doing?

Speaker 1  00:28
Well, doing. Well. I haven't seen you since the Shed Show. Things going. Good for you, yeah, good, good.

Matthias Miller  00:38
Good. Hearing from Josh, you guys have been moving down the road. Yeah,

Speaker 1  00:44
I was going to update you on that and say, thanks for all your influence involved in all that. I think it'll be good,

Unknown Speaker  00:53
hopeful, obviously, but sorry, I was in the middle of a text.

Unknown Speaker  01:00
Oh, good.

Speaker 1  01:02
Okay, so, yeah, so I think it'll be good. This guy's fairly an outside salesman, minded individual, been in the trades. Seems like he is really eager to go hunt his leads, rather than just so he's a hunter, not a not a closer. So I think that'll be good. It'll be a good combo. So I think Colorado shed company will benefit from that personality, and he knows his stuff as far as construction goes. So that's it. That's a great place to start. And he's been part of companies where they transition from being a operations or production based focus company to a sales focus company. And he's got a lot of wisdom. So I think it could be, if it goes right, it's a, it's a, it's a home run. So pretty excited, yeah, yeah, so that's good. He'll start. He's scheduled to start the 27th of this month, and just trying to get, trying to get things kind of situated. So when he gets here, it's it doesn't feel all Herky jerky on him. And so that's good, which is part of what I wanted to chat about. I'm trying. So I'll jump right into it. This is specifically about GHL stuff before. So I add, I at went on and added Scott. His name is Scott. I added Scott as a user, and then I just assigned him the phone number that used to be Caleb's phone number, and re, re labeled that to say Scott. What I don't know is, other than doing that, I don't know if that adding him as a user interferes with any of the current automations, and I don't know how complicated it'll be to get him into the existing automations starting on the 27th so I don't want to, I don't want to, like do round robin before the 27th I've decided, I think we'll, we'll actually have them start by reaching out to cold leads that have kind of fallen off the the train. But so I wanted to do that. That was one thing I don't know if that's part. I was curious if that's part of the monthly service support, or if that's separate, or if that's something that we could have you show Larissa, which would really go back to the main thing was how to I'm trying to figure out the most effective and efficient way to structure giving Eric The reins to iron out the friction points in GHL, and him and I have had good conversation of the difference between needs and wants, so I feel feel pretty good about that. But right now, what I'm again, what I'm trying to do is step out of the way. Yep, there's enough. There's enough trust and rapport there with between Eric and I that I'm like, okay, and now that he has the support of Larissa, between essentially what Eric can say, talk to you and or Larissa, and then, and then, things happen. The. Don't pull Eric away from sales and people aren't waiting on Jesse, who's all over the place with it like a chicken with his head cut off.

Matthias Miller  05:10
So what I was originally sleep with dad with his head cut off. I mean, hopefully not that, but you know, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  05:17
So funny story is, while I was not sleeping at two in the morning last week, my dog got sprayed by a skunk and then ran into their house. I didn't realize how it was the straw that broke the camel's back. I the I didn't realize how important to me, my house not smelling like skunk is so

Matthias Miller  05:43
I am. I cannot even begin imagine. I don't even want to,

Speaker 1  05:49
yeah, it was not fun. But we're, we're on the other side of that now.

Matthias Miller  05:53
But yeah, pull you to a place closer to Jesus, in which you hope to hope to get to,

Speaker 1  05:59
yes, yeah. So, for sure. So anyways, yeah. So I think, I think what I'd like to do, and what I was trying to communicate was I want to give Eric a budget. I was the way that I in my head, it was framed, was, you, if you had just some sort of, like, arbitrary number that you have that you say, hey, in my head, usually we charge X amount of dollars per whatever that time. Amount of time is. I don't know if it's a 30 minute increment. I don't know. And I know in your world, that's very different than the construction world. So you're like, it only takes me 10 minutes, but I shouldn't be penalized because I'm so fast at what I do, which I'm all for. So I I don't know the best way. What I'm trying to do is I'm trying to give Eric a budget to where he can make a decision in the moment to say he's like, Hey, man, we need this. You're like, Okay, that'll be $2,000 and then I want Eric to be able to say yes or no with an educated response immediately. And and so that's really, that's the end goal. The end goal is that. And then for me, I can, I can look at things at a glance, and I can be like, Oh, we just dropped $2,000 what was this for? Why was this important? Okay, I agree it's valid. Wonderful. Or, hey, that $2,000 seems more like a want. Explain it to me, and then, yep, I still believe it was a want. Let's, let's reel it in, or whatever, right? So that's what I'm trying to do. Eric, for sure, is out of everyone in the company, he is wired to do this the best. I think everyone else. It's very it's a high friction point. It's a friction point for Eric in a different way, because it's just, it's a CRM but I think that's unavoidable with all CRMs from what I see. So, yeah, so I think that that that aligns more with what he him, and I's conversations that that feels more manageable for him and actually less taxing, yeah, than the current status, and then him and Larissa, like he he can communicate and delegate things to Larissa directly and in and immediately. And so essentially, she is his teammate with GHL, yep. So that's the that's the overall premise. And then the second question that I wanted, it's just, so I don't forget, I talked with Larissa after her first meeting with you, and we were wondering if there's any way we could get a recording of those because she retains, in the moment, she retains a good chunk of it, but not all of it. Yeah, and so, but if she could go back, go back and watch it later, that would be really helpful.

Matthias Miller  09:03
Let me go. So while we're in the moment, let me do this. You. Oh,

Matthias Miller  09:35
I'll have I'll have Audrey chase that down and get that to her. So I have a few questions. How much? How much do you want to build expertise in house with Larissa learning the CRM, as in, I'm the brains. I put together the tactical action plan. Like, I write out the play, hopefully to a point that she can execute, and she goes, executes it, and and, or her then figuring out the details, like, is that the basic is that the is that the model you want to do, or do you just want it? Or do you want a variation of that model where it's like, okay, ultimately, for you, you know what you just wanted to happen but, but is that the vision where I'm more guiding and directing, or is this like, No, you just want to get it done. Whether I do it, I've got some I've got some team members that I think, team members and or contractors, I think would be excellent at this, that could help maximize what you guys get for your investment without, like, is there, is there a What's your long term vision for Larissa with in regards to the CRM, I suppose, and CSC generally,

Speaker 1  10:57
yeah, that's A great question. So I would view her as the same way that Elaine is the glue order processing at CSC the order processing see is, is the glue between the handoffs, right? I would view larissa's role with go high level as very similar, like, first line of contact of like, hey, Larissa, we're having this issue can because we already, we that's already a fixed investment for us financially. And so I, I would like for that to be available, and then if, and then if, after X amount of time, she's like, Hey, I actually think this would be better to get to reach out to to code house. Or then it's like, okay, then we reach out. Or are you going by code house on that one, or shed Titans?

Matthias Miller  11:51
Oh, goodness, code house is fine. I I'm about to ditch the white labeled shed Titans brand anyway, like the CRM on the CRM side. But okay, the only reason I'm just, I'm only using shit Titans within, really, within the X within the really only for the expo and related contacts. But okay,

Speaker 1  12:09
okay, okay, so then, so essentially, then she, she's our, she's our in house POC, and then says, Hey, this is outside of my outside of my knowledge, I'm wasting a lot of time. I should reach out to customer support. That's so that's how we've done it, with the shed app as well. I don't reach out to the shed app every time I try to add something new, per se, right? It's more so hey, we're having this glitch, then we reach out to customer service or, Hey, is there, is there any possibility this is a friction point for us? Is there any possibility that we could find a fix for this? And then they they either say yes or no. So I that's how we've been operating. If, if you wanted to pitch something different, I'm open to it. But as far as the at the end of the day, it all comes back to cash flow,

Matthias Miller  13:03
right? So my Okay, so she's point of contact. Then what makes sense to me is, I mean, I think all kinds of things like, Okay, do I want to do? Do I want to go in 15 minute calls, four days a week to try to figure something out? No, not really. Am I happy to solve urgent client down issues? Yes. Am I happy to get, you know, less urgent things that need to be chased? Yes? Am I happy to do 30 minute calls by bi weekly, hour long calls, monthly, whatever, or, you know what way to aggregate and batch some of this stuff, or one offs or whatever? Yes, anything that's only that's only that's only reasonable. And I think we can look at it per piece basis, where it's basically like, look, I can, I can basically train Larissa how to solve whatever problem it is that we're facing. If that's something that's solvable by you guys, or, like, if you just want it done so nobody has to think about it. It's, you know, it's, it's x versus y, I think that's, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:08
it's good, but yeah, okay, so then you're saying case by case, it's x or y, and then we just determine or No,

Matthias Miller  14:15
I mean, doesn't that to me, it's not okay. I don't, personally. I guess here's what I'm trying to get a sense for, if she's if you ever, if you ever want her moving beyond just first point of contact to gaining and developing expertise in there. I think it makes sense to try to try to delegate automation stuff to her. Now, if she doesn't have the if she doesn't have the brain for it, if she's if that's not what this, if that's not a skill set for her, then we're just going to be wasting time and spinning wheels, and it's just going to create frustration for everybody, right? I want to get that's one thing I would like to get clear

Speaker 1  14:53
on, yeah, and I think we're this is a new venture for her, so her personnel. Buddy is she, she likes once, she once. She knows how something operates. She likes it because she's, it's, it's stable and consistent, yep. So, so I she, I have, I have a feeling it's going to work. What I don't know is the retention piece. So I asked her how this first meeting with you went, and she said it was fine. The way she described it is different than if Jesse would have tried to sit in on on automation lesson or whatever it was. I just know from the get go, I'm like, Oh, this is, this is going to be the most draining part of my day. That was not the case for her. So if we could do that and then maybe have those recorded sessions, I think that would be fantastic. I have no reason to believe she's not a long term solution, but I guess I don't know. Yeah, I hear what you're saying. The clarity. We just need to have clarity from the get go.

Matthias Miller  16:06
I'm not opposed to using my best judgment on whether is this a simple question that can be delegated, that she can figure out. I I would, I did the one session with her in some form of training. I feel like, if it's not something that I can reasonably either, like, literally, it's a three minute tweak, and I we could do it and record it. If it's a bigger project, I would like to draw the line between. I'll show you what needs to be done now. Go figure out all the rest of the pieces. Or, if it's two minutes, like, oh, here it is. Let's do it now. Like, that's one line. And I think let's, I'm happy to delegate whatever that can go that way, that way. And I think for anything that is beyond that, I'm not personally super interested in training more complex stuff than that. I feel like it's a little bit of a so. And for those I can just give Eric a I'll run my own little like math, and just give him a price, and he can gage off of that what it's, what it's, what it should be. Okay? Sound good? That makes sense,

Speaker 1  17:24
yeah? So, like, I mean, in like, do you know you'll in your head? Do you already have a number that you're like, Oh, you're not. You'll, you'll never bid, you'll never bid less than x, right? So like, because your time is you, you're valuing your time. So you're like, typically people say, well, to get me to do this for an hour is $500 or whatever it is like. So I guess I because, if, because I can tell Eric, I'm like, hey, if it's anything, you get x amount a month. But I don't want to give him a number that doesn't even get him two hours of your time.

Matthias Miller  18:07
Listen, I'm going to be more candid than I probably should be i i invested heavily into business mentorship that was supposed to help me substantially grow my business with somebody that I deeply trusted. It hasn't panned out. It's like, I've gotten almost zero out of it, and it comes with the money back guarantee, and the guy can't write a check for my guarantee, probably, so, like, like, I'm probably going to start somewhere. You know, if I'm feeling friendly 220, to 275, and if I'm feeling Sharky and overwhelmed, probably upwards closer to 500 that's very unlikely. It's like, probably more like three to 350 if I'm just feeling like, okay, capacity, supply and demand, throttle, probably a little bit, I don't

Speaker 1  19:01
know. Yeah, no, I appreciate the transparency there. That's that's just helpful, because then I can, I mean, again, like with the shed app, we're not, we're not trying to train anyone in our office on how to do the back end, like coding, right? Like we're not doing, we're not programming. So it's literally just, hey, help us play on your playground type thing. Obviously, go high level versus TSA is not apples to apples, like, there's just so much more playground with go high level that that it's just, I'm trying to be a I'm trying to make it a little easier for people to navigate. Then what it felt like for me when we first opened up in February, or whatever it was, and I was sitting in on those their customer service calls, and I was just like, oh my goodness, I'm I'm way over my head. On all this. So, yeah, no, that feels good. If so I and I trust your judgment like I don't, I feel really good about that. So and if, for some reason, there's a month where we spend a ton of money, then obviously I just have to educate myself as to why. But other than that, because, I think, I think what we ran into in the beginning, which was, what was one of the challenges Eric had, was he, he was almost crippled by too many options, and so he kept he wasn't able to sell because he would spend eight hours a day exploring the capabilities of go high level. So what I I don't want to provide a stumbling block to say, Oh, hey, you if I give you a budget of $1,000 a month, I don't I'm not necessarily saying you have to go spend all that. You know what I mean?

Matthias Miller  21:06
Here's, here's what I would I mean, this is both a sales technique and also project management technique that could be useful, and it could even make it, make it easier to manage. It's just easier to manage complexity left on his head at any given time. Have one. Okay? Larissa accumulates the laundry list we've in other places. We call them like the paper cuts. It's all the little obnoxious things that who cares, but, man, it really should be taken care of, right? Yeah. But then for anything beyond that, any paid project, let's not accumulate them like, what is, what is the next thing that's going to really move move things forward and shake it loose, and let's go do that and get it done so we're not clogging our brain with multiple things to get done. And I know from a batching and there's all these reasons why it might not be the most efficient, but it keeps it keeps it running lean and simple. That'd be my

Unknown Speaker  22:01
Yeah, I'm open to that, for sure, I think that's good. Okay, so then,

Speaker 1  22:13
how do I communicate? Maybe this is not your job. This is my job. But I'm trying to think through how to communicate to Eric, hey, here's the playground. Here's how this is going to work. So we're saying, we're saying, let's just play out a scenario real quick so that way. Yeah, I'll watch you. He said, That's better. Yeah. Then,

Unknown Speaker  23:20
if you're

Matthias Miller  23:48
I mean, can it just be that simple?

Unknown Speaker  23:50
Yeah, I think so. I think, yep, I think

Matthias Miller  23:55
I'm going to send this to you and you can forward it over to him. Okay, that's at no charge for the extra ghost writing, which I've done my plenty of my share of. Thank you. I mean, is that good?

Speaker 1  24:11
I think so. I think I think that's a great place to start. I think it's clear. And then I think we'll just see how much, how much of a list Larissa gets dumped immediately, and then we'll go from there. So that that's great. That helps me. And then I think the only other question or thought I had, so like with adding on Scott, we would just give it, play it out. We would say, hey, Larissa, reach out to or, I guess, I mean,

Matthias Miller  24:51
yeah, with adding on Scott, like, that's a in my mind, let's say go put it on our list of support issues to tackle. Let's get on a call together. I'll walk through exactly where to add him in. The different workflows, how to add them to the round robin, what the different places are and, like, it's that easy, like, it's not complicated. Yeah, okay, if push comes to shove, if he's a hunter going after old leads anyway, who cares whether that happens on first day or third day that he's there? You know, I'll be hopefully around, if I'm not out of the office, but I'll be around we can answer questions and all this other kinds of stuff.

Speaker 1  25:22
Yeah. Well, I think so that Friday, he's coming in the 27th so the 24th Are you around the 24th Yes. Okay, so actually, I would like to have him added on the 24th because that way leads are going to be, aren't going to be sitting there waiting for an extended amount of time.

Matthias Miller  25:46
Okay, so, I mean, in my mind, I mean, it's easiest. Next step is to book a time with Arissa to, I mean, what's the difference between showing her how to do it and just doing it?

Speaker 1  26:00
Well, it's, well, it's just the first this one time, right? So, like, let's say we add another, let's say we had a project manager to the teams and Larissa, or who another sales person, I don't know. The thought is so, like, what TSA has done is they're like, hey, here we're going to fix, like, some of the option, like a trim option, has to always be added to a siding option. And so we added new sightings. We couldn't figure out why. It wouldn't let us save an order. So then TSA goes in. They fix the problem, but then they they record and show us how it was fixed. So that way I'm not calling them every time something changes. So I would like it to me, I like that. So I think it's part of what we're trying to do is build a sustainable culture in the office for GHL, self sustainable as far as the basics. Now, if we're trying to to launch something completely new, obviously, like, I don't think we need to even train Larissa. It's just she communicates with you, and you guys crank it out.

Matthias Miller  27:08
Do you have a current methodology for for document storage? SOPs, those types of things.

Speaker 1  27:16
I'm creating one. So, actually, so what I'm doing right now is I'm trying to make I'm word vomiting on a document for everything, CSC, and then I'm going to have it. I'm going to send it in the chat, GPT or whatever, and say, Hey, structure this into a framework, and then we'll see how that goes. For example, I just reached out to our shop manager. I said, Hey, where's your documentation for all the standards on our builds? He's like, we never got one when we switched. I've been kind of making one. It needs a lot of amending. And I'm like, Okay, well, let's amend it. Make it our sales guys need to be able to tell our customers your how tall the windows are from the floor, right? Like stuff like that, right? So, however, when I did find out, or I've come to realize, that CSC, because it was so production minded, there's, there's such little infrastructure for SOPs on the office side, right? Like, it just non existent. And so obviously that's one of me been the major contributing factor to headaches for anyone in our office. So I'm working on it, but I don't have it yet. So I guess that's why, like, I'm going to write one for GHL, like, I'm going to write one for TSA. I'm going to write one for whatever. You know. So, yep, did you, was there a specific reason why you were asking? Or you're just making, no,

Matthias Miller  28:56
I'm just, I'm just making an observation. If I I don't know what to tell her to do without looking into it myself. And so why not just do that all at the same time? And yeah, good time on the 27th and make sure that this stuff gets documented as we go along. It's not a bad, it's not a bad system to have in place on on my end as well. Oh, okay, yeah, but, but that's, that's it. And if you'd rather just have me, I'm also happy just to shoot a video and figure out, well, let me just, let me at least do this. I at least need to note that. I need to get her the get her the details and how to add added to round robin.

Speaker 1  29:57
I mean, I know it's like. I. Really simple, like, once you know it, once it or do it two times. It's, yeah, it's 100 and 22nd fix. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  30:18
another question dashboard, is that something that you're interested in, the dashboard that we had previously, is that something that you're interested in continuing to use or has marginal, ongoing benefit?

Speaker 1  30:34
It was very vital in my process with Josh like talking? Here's So as you've as you know, sorry, squirrel, I'm so curious, and you can tell me to go fly a kite. Is Josh the mentor you were talking about?

Matthias Miller  30:57
Which one which time? No, okay, that you said you have, you had, no, Josh is saving me. Josh is saving me from the mentor.

Speaker 1  31:07
Okay, okay, okay. I was like, I will run the other direction like you tell me. Now, save me.

Matthias Miller  31:13
No, I will tell you. No. Josh is a good dude. I he is, I know a few people. He's super sharp, super direct and but it's, it's rare to find Okay. Trauma shows up differently in different personality types with a high D on the disc. It typically looks like running over people. Yeah, right. He's, it's refreshing to work with somebody who loves truth. He's got himself into trouble because of it, smart, smart on the business side, and has dealt with, I know from his journey, he's dealt with a tremendous amount of stuff his life, and so he's not perfect, but yeah, sure, he's a he's a good dude, and I've known him for a number of for a good number of years, and of just getting closer and deeply appreciate the guy. So there you go. Okay, cool,

Unknown Speaker  32:13
I can, I can let that squirrel die now. Yeah. So then

Speaker 1  32:20
that dashboard was extremely helpful because I was talking to a number of career sales people, and so they're asking me questions like, hey, what's the close rate? What's the amount of appointments a day? What's this? This, this? And I need that. I want that data. I need that data. That data is, I think, very instrumental in scalability, right? And so I do want it. So now, the last time I looked, there was some funkiness to it, and so, and I'm okay with, like, recognizing that that's just so like, for example, Eric had, he had, like, a contact rate of over 100%

Matthias Miller  33:03
so that, well, which is possible, if he, if, if he's, if he's got leads that cross the month boundary, and he's contacted a whole bunch of leads from last month, then he's going to have more than greater

Speaker 1  33:14
than 100% contact rate. Okay, so stuff like that, like the

Matthias Miller  33:17
more defensible. But is there a world in which would it be useful to would it be useful to set up a was the monthly calls to dig into this together. Was that a useful thing to you?

Speaker 1  33:33
Yes, I think so. I think it's it's useful for the on ramp. I think after so, I think even, like a quarterly subscription or something would be or an annual like, say, hey, let's sign up for this where you get, you get a 20 minute phone call, or a Zoom meeting with Matt, where you can just say, hey, here's your bottleneck. Like, I think that's, I liked it. I think it's good. I think I think your clients would benefit from it. Oh, here's what was funky. In September, he had a minus 1.6 days to first attempt and a minus 1.8 for days to first conversation. That's where it was. That was the only one that was funky.

Matthias Miller  34:26
I mean, that is Amazon yesterday, right there. What? Oh, wait, you weren't in my were you my talk

Unknown Speaker  34:36
at the Expo? No, I didn't get to go, yeah. There you go.

Matthias Miller  34:39
Sorry, I here. This is when you when you wake up at 2am in the morning. Let me go find this. You can go. Maybe you've watched it already. Where's my i. I won't, I won't waste more of our rabbit. This is this? Is this definitely squirrel? You can go watch that when you have a minute. Okay, thanks. That'll make sense with the negative contact rate or the negative days outreach. All right, sounds good. The other question I had was the this text message I had I gave you a while back, was like, hey, what's the next big thing for you? And I got inspired. I went and did that. Do you feel like you have the do you? Do you feel like you have the level of, okay, certain, certain, certain people, certain personalities love external stipulation to go get stuff done. Like, that's motivating. Like, the little rah, rah. Like, right? I don't know, like,

Speaker 1  35:55
you can say blunt. Let's say you can if you're trying to be blunt. Here's the blunt thing,

Matthias Miller  36:01
like, like, my observation of you, we talked about this, I believe, over breakfast. My observation of you is sometimes, if you have a million things going at you, then you have 10 priorities, and they all need to be done now, and you're not motivated to do anything. And partially because, well, okay, if we be sitting down having a conversation, then that that would be fun, but there's got to be a way to inject an interpersonal something into it. First of all, cut the noise, so there's a lane of focus and a little bit of interpersonal energy of like, all right, like, I'm not so low on this, and there's a spike of motivation, and things just happen. Is that how you would describe what happened with the with the website changes?

Speaker 1  36:47
I think so, yeah. So, just a quick note, they're not done yet. I mean, every I'm now waiting on my interdependent relationships to get the project done. But, yeah, so I think it might have been a little bit of a perfect storm. Was I, I was asked this question, and then I said, Well, if I, if I'm going to delegate it, I have to organize it. I organized it, and I'm like, Oh, it really isn't that hard. I need to do this. That's what happened. So I think it is the noise that is is so hard for me. So I think in an ideal world, I would have, and I just can't just like, Eric's like, Dude, you need a personal assistant, and I'm like, I just can't justify it. I would feel like such a bum. I don't know why. I don't know if it's, I don't know if it's a lack of vision of what like could be accomplished so much more efficiently. I don't know if it's if I'm accurate and saying, Yeah, Jesse, you're actually not that busy. You just your life is chaos right now because you have a three month old, you know what I mean? So I don't know like, I've wrestled with stuff like that. I really appreciate like, so I So, yeah, I think my I agree with your assessment of me and my personality is, I do. I am, I am at my best when I had like in the sports world, I was at my best when I had a high D coach that just gave me so much clarity on Hey, execute this and do this. And then I would like. And then if I stumbled, they would say, All right, here's where, here's where you slipped up. Do it again, whatever, right? The problem is, if we use that, that that analogy to what I'm doing now, I'm essentially doing it. I'm playing the game without a coach, because who I would have looked to, as the coach, the owner is unavailable.

Matthias Miller  39:07
Okay, so here's the offer. I'm I am not a D, I'm a DC, yep, I'm on the left hand side, and I can flip into either perfectionistic, anal attention to detail or like, yeah, I just want to go rattle some cages and get some stuff shaken loose. And can we please just move the ball down the field? Right? So if there's a world, here's one of my favorite things to do in the world is throwing headphones. Or, like, the easiest thing in the world for me is phone walk, and what I call walk and talks, yeah, throw on my headphones. Going to walk. Have phone call, yeah. If there's a world in which, and I wouldn't know how to how to do this without piloting it, but if there's a world in which some like, shoot for a 15 minute up to 30, but just shoot for a straight up. 15 minute. What is the thing, if we can get nothing else done this week, what is that thing where you can bounce it off of somebody else, and you're not so low, and you can borrow some of the you know, based on the assumption I'm hedging my bets here, but based on the assumption I can I flip onto that side of this of the spectrum. If that's something that's useful to you, let's figure out what. Let's figure out an easy trial and what's happy pricing on both ends, and figure out a way to happen and make it happen. And if that's not useful to you, then, by all means, like, let's not sure, like, let's not clutter either of our lives, right?

Speaker 1  40:48
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. I'd be open to trying it out. I think, I think that would be good, because the reality is, is, right now, the majority of my time is spent just waiting for the next fire to come through the door. Yep, and then that keeps drawing me into the business instead of being able to work on the business. So, yeah, I'd be, I'd be, I would be interested in that, given that a shot

Matthias Miller  41:22
weekly, cadence of 15 minutes. Does that seem like the right thing, or is that too short? Is that too often?

Unknown Speaker  41:30
Hard to say? I think it's probably right now it feels like,

Unknown Speaker  41:41
if what does it feel like? Hard to say. Maybe bi weekly, okay,

Speaker 1  41:50
15 minutes a week, and then essentially, I would assume the next week you caught we talk, and you're like, Hey, did you get it done? No, okay, why? Okay, that's reasonable. Or what the heck are you doing with your life type

Matthias Miller  42:04
conversation? I mean, hopefully. I mean, I think part of the goal is also like, can we identify patterns? It's whatever. Like, I don't the challenge of running solo is that you're running solo and you've got nobody else to point out the things that you're not saying, which is right? So I'm not looking for I'm not a huge fan of the I've been part of accountability groups where it's basically but you said you did, like, come hell or high water, you should have done this. Like, that was stupid. And there's a million reasons why. Hey, we picked the wrong thing, something else came up. Priorities shift. In my mind, it's fluid, so let's not lose track of, you know, let's stay anchored to what's important, even if that shifts so but yeah, there would be something like that, like, help, help. Let's, let's figure out what. As you can tell I'm making stuff up as I go, but I think it's something like me, it could be a very simple call structure. It's like, okay, what did you commit to last week? How did it go? What are lessons learned? What are obstacles? And based on where you're at, what's the next priority and what's something that you can reasonably commit to for the next two weeks, that really are going to move substantial, you know, actually translate into moving the needle and not just be activity. Yeah, right,

Speaker 1  43:29
that's cool. No, I do like that. I almost wonder, have you considered doing that in a in a group setting, at your at your at the hive, where you get people to pay for almost like my father in law did a group he was part of this. What's it? C 12? Yeah. I mean, I mean, this is a way, way less intense version of that. And maybe, and then not maybe it's not apples to apples, but the idea of just having a group of people who can like do that with one another.

Matthias Miller  44:09
So I have not intentionally thought about this. I hate the word accountability, because it comes with baggage. Sure, I have a colleague that I know a guy with all apologies for language and language would have to be changed, but he does get shit done days. And yeah, it's, it's like having some form of a get shit done group where it's like, without beating each other up, but also with, with an energy towards getting momentum. Like, smart, like, let's be smart, let's be healthy, let's lean forward. And maybe it's just my own baggage with some of the ways many group programs end up shifting shirts that I I don't know. It's, it's where. Considering Sure,

Speaker 1  45:02
okay, I was just, that was a that was just me asking. I yeah, let's try out. Let's do a call. I'm a little hesitant. I guess I don't know. Maybe it's just, I'm trying to decide why every week feels like a lot.

Matthias Miller  45:20
Well, then let's not like, Okay. I mean, there's a reason agile, agile development goes on a bi weekly cycle that there's nothing, there's no right or wrong. Probably feels like a lot, because instinctively, I mean, I'm making stuff up. I'm not going to immediately assume that there's something wrong with you, that two weeks feels like the right timeframe. So what if? What if we did something like, like, we'll keep this just brain dead, simple and easy start. But what if we did every other week for targeting like two to three months that we can get a feel for it at 250 a month, and if at any point it's not working like let's just ditch it and move on, or pivot and adapt. 250 30 minutes, not 15, to give us some time to dig in.

Speaker 1  46:17
So I see so essentially an hour a month,

Matthias Miller  46:21
an hour a month

Unknown Speaker  46:24
to get to get that and so 250 an hour, or 250 a month, or you're saying a month or a call,

Matthias Miller  46:33
no, a month. Okay, keep it. Keep it simple and easy.

Unknown Speaker  46:37
Yeah, let me chew on it. The I just getting hit with more expenses. And

Matthias Miller  46:44
so what's it

Speaker 1  46:47
so, so full trans people would be, yeah, yeah, no, no, no. Full transparency here. I so I would look I could potentially just go over to I could potentially pitch that to rich and say, hey, what if we did a call every two weeks and had that with each other? That's the idea. So, like, I could do that with him. I could potentially get more value from that. And or not, I don't have the cash expense, right? So

Speaker 2  47:19
like, why don't you? That's a good, really good. Why don't you? Yes, I need to.

Matthias Miller  47:28
So tell them very specifically what you need. I need high I have always in all my sports, all my games. I have always performed better when I had a high D personality in my corner. Yeah, and I can either go hire somebody else do this for you, or you could be that yeah, and let's double down on what. And I just need help sifting through what is the most important thing to push forward that will move the needle for this, for where we're at, and not not get sideways, stay ahead of the fires. Yeah, the basic pitch.

Speaker 1  48:00
Yep, that's the basic pitch. If I were to, if I were to get you a thank you gift, hypothetically speaking, just for, just for all the different, the little nuggets of wisdom like that, let's say, I mean, what's hard is, I know your heart is you want to see everybody winning this specific scenario, you don't, you don't necessarily get to be part of the winning thing, other than the intrinsic value of seeing Jesse in Colorado shed company succeed. But if I were to ever give you like for Christmas or something, thank you, I don't know you personally well enough to like what's, what are, what's something that would be fun for you to receive that you wouldn't necessarily okay.

Matthias Miller  48:47
So I'm notoriously hard to buy for. My wife will tell you that what my sister used to do would be she'd buy just big gift cards at either the poor house or Starbucks and like,

Unknown Speaker  48:59
I know, but that's not really,

Matthias Miller  49:01
but that's not what. It's not a gift. It's not a that's

Speaker 1  49:08
I want. Yeah, I don't know like i You want something. So I'll give you an example. My sister bought me for my birthday a coffee mug for my favorite hockey team. Yep, I so I get to look at that while or so now I get to enjoy that. I would not have bought that for myself. I do go to the poor house and buy myself coffee or tea all the time, right?

Matthias Miller  49:31
Yeah, I do too. It's just, I like but, but the problem is, literally,

Matthias Miller  49:45
Lee, like, literally, there's, I don't know what to tell you to buy. Like, it's why I suck at going to the auction. I just, I have what I don't need that much. Yeah, and I have what I want. I. Sounds so terrible. Like, I just, I don't know. Like,

Unknown Speaker  50:02
that's no, it's, it's valid. I get it.

Matthias Miller  50:06
And so every time, the way I look at it is, every time I use a gift card, I think of you, like, it's like, thanks. Like, here's the here's a friend. It's just a fun thing. I would spend over anyway, 100% there may be other things too. Like, you know, my wife would probably be a better person to ask, like, like, nice jackets, or, you know, something like that, or, you know, a nice hoodie or, or, you know, even, even a cool mug. I'm sure I use that all the time. I've got one that needs to retire. I'm just, I mean, admittedly, just horrible.

Speaker 1  50:42
It I've, you've given me enough, enough food for thought. So that's good. All right, all right.

Matthias Miller  50:52
And the other thing, too, more than anything else, I mean, this is from a very okay, that's, that's, that's good stuff. If Scott works out, I think if, if you're willing to talk to people who who are looking at hiring sales people down the road, if it works out, if you're comfortable with it, not if it doesn't, then that's a value. That's a value to us, be honest.

Speaker 1  51:18
And there you go. Okay, well, yeah. Like, I'm happy to already give feedback to your to the services you've already given, like the discovery and and even the sales dashboard. Like, I think that's that's to me, it seems like common sense, but I know to so many small business minded people, it's, I know I've worked for people who would say I don't see the value in this, and I it's just not how I'm wired. So I'm happy to be a be a vocal point to that, and even the whole process with Josh. And hopefully, I mean, yeah, I hope, I hope you and Josh have a good agreement where you get some sort of kickback for for giving, giving us his information, because it's not inexpensive, but at the end of the day, you know, cash, cash wise, for a company our size. So I think, I think hopefully, you get some sort of monetary or some sort of benefit that you decide is valuable. But, yeah, that's, that's good. I and I told Josh the same thing. I mean, obviously we have to wait for nobody can control Scott, other than Scott, right? So we have any other candidate. So that plays out. But as far as the as far as the service I've received from Josh so far, and from you, but from Josh, I am, I am, I'm sold, yep. So I don't feel like I was, I don't feel like I was a fish that got put on the hook and then just left in the water for a while. Like I feel like Josh, has been very good, timely and prompt, and in following up, in even helping me stay prompt in the through the whole process. So yeah, I'm, if you need testimonials, I'm happy to do it. There's been nothing in and again, I feel like I have a healthy enough, like, awareness that it's like if Scott doesn't work out, as long as Josh follows through on what he's saying, as far as finding another person, that's great, the only negative feedback or constructive feedback I gave him was it would have been nice to know that the the ad expense on Indeed, is not included in the 30,000 to me, I'm like man, and he offered to pay some of it. But Eric has been brainwashing me to be like man, throw the pilot car fee, bake the pilot car fee into it already, like to a big shed getting like, I just spent 30 grand, and you're telling you just gave me a $400 bill for part of that service. Is kind of crappy in my brain. But I also should have asked before I jumped on the ship, right? Like, sure. So I told him that, and he was he said that was helpful, and I'm not. I didn't lose sleep over it, and I didn't. I'm not even asking him to cover part of it. It's fine. So I, I'm not. That would be, literally, that would be, that was the only like, bump in the road, so to speak. Everything else has just been like, oh, I I'm seeing, I'm experiencing. The value, yep, that I've invested and and Josh's feedback through, during and through the interview process, keeping me on

Unknown Speaker  55:14
and so that was that was all really good stuff, too. So, yeah, so

Speaker 1  55:22
I think that's good. We'll see how how this whole process goes. And Josh was like, Yeah, based off of Jesse making money at the company and Eric making money, he's fine with giving us a 12 month safety net. So that's nice. But I just Yeah, so hopefully it works out, and he's even provided what other stuff that was really good that I felt like I got out value from, was he provided templates for recommended offer letters and commission letters. Provided template for or he provided recommendations for an onboarding of a Salesman, which was helpful so that I wouldn't have expected necessarily. So the fact that I just like, that's why I don't care about the $400 indeed bills, because it's like, oh, this is a, this is a timeless value add for me, because I'm I'm gaining experience and and through it like this rep is really been beneficial for me, and honestly has been enlightening to in a way that I think is what started the conversation with handing GHL over to someone else to begin with, is like, Oh man, I I'm there's nothing as as hard for me to hear in a workplace setting that I'm the reason why things aren't better than they should be, or could as good as they could be. And so I'm like, oh, that's 100% where go high level is, and all these other things. Well, I can actually work on these other things, because they energize me. Go high level, steals my life at an aggressive rate. So I so, you know, likely, I'm just like, All right, just just interacting with the Heidi of Josh. I'm just like, oh, just get it off my plate. I don't need a feeling. I don't need feelings about this. Just get it off

Matthias Miller  57:19
my plate Exactly. So, all right, to hear good feedback. Appreciate all of that. It's good to hear the other side and including the constructive stuff. Yeah, for sure. Shoot, shoot me if, if, no pressure, if, but if you, if you're open to it, shoot me a text and you get the call set up. The call set with rich. Let me know how it goes.

Speaker 1  57:42
Oh, yeah, I will. I'm actually going to give him a call after we get off here. So cool, man, cool. We'll talk to you soon. All right. Sounds good. Thanks. Jesse, thanks. Mike.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai