Unknown Speaker  00:09
Morning, Good morning. Let me

Matthias Miller  00:14
see, I gotta switch headphones again, okay? If we Sorry, no problem. Slightly discombobulated this morning.

Matthias Miller  00:37
Let's see if you can

Speaker 1  00:38
can you hear me? I can hear you? Can you hear me? I'm good. Okay, excellent.

Matthias Miller  00:45
Let me shoot Dwayne a message and tell him that I might be up to 15 minutes late.

Speaker 1  00:53
Okay, well, I'm going to try to walk away from my computer and just walk around outside a little bit. So we're gonna give this a try, yes, see if I'm capable of doing such things, not taking notes. It's gonna be hard. I gotta walk away.

Matthias Miller  01:13
There we go. I think I'm back. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  01:18
you can hear me. I can hear you, great. All right. Morning.

Matthias Miller  01:23
Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  01:24
Good morning.

Matthias Miller  01:36
Okay, so I guess where do you want to? Where do you want? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  01:49
stuff that I had questions on.

Unknown Speaker  01:58
What helps to organize your thoughts for the day,

Matthias Miller  02:02
I'm sorry you're breaking up just a little bit. You're gonna try again. I

Unknown Speaker  02:30
can you hear me now?

Matthias Miller  02:31
I can do you want to try switching your zoom connecting via switching your audio source to phone call on your zoom?

Unknown Speaker  02:39
Yeah, potentially. So that's a good call, if I can,

Unknown Speaker  02:56
okay do

Matthias Miller  03:10
Okay, how about now. I think we're good.

Speaker 1  03:13
Okay, awesome. Of course, my earbuds don't want to Oh no. Oh, there we go. Okay, all right, that's better. Okay, well, technical problems aside, with the walk and talk, yeah, I don't know what. How's your week been so far? Do you want to just kind of start on where you want to focus your day? Or would you like an update from me? I

Matthias Miller  03:40
let me give you any update on from Josh.

Unknown Speaker  03:48
I don't think so. No,

Matthias Miller  03:51
I'm going to. So I guess let's start with update for me. I mean, I feel like I don't know if it's sustainable or not, but I like, it's, it's felt good to just be I feel like I've stepped back from saying I have to build some kind of sustainable, repeatable business and just like, let me just go do stuff and go make money and then figure out where the opportunities are from there. So that's really good. Josh has been helping me identify roadblocks and selling that's really useful. Josh tells me I'm never going to get a refund from Perry, because Perry doesn't have the money to

Speaker 1  04:31
refund me. Yeah, I was worried a little bit about that. Okay, so I'm

Matthias Miller  04:35
going to have a conversation. Terry gets back in the office on Friday. I think the next thing just has to be straight up a conversation with him and Josh is basically like, just, just stop, right, don't make a last payment. Just withdraw. Don't go there. So still pending a conversation. With Terry talking Kevin about it. He's basically like, just lay it out with with, anyway, whatever. I don't have to go into details. That's where it's at. I

Unknown Speaker  05:07
think that's fair. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:13
Cool. How about you?

Speaker 1  05:17
Well, I'm just getting back. So just looking at my to do list. It looks like Devin wants some Instagram stuff, logos and colors and stuff. I was just going to send that to him. And just looking at regular, regular scheduling tasks and just getting a little a few things caught up, and then with my lower hours and just focusing on this, I suspect it'll be pretty easy to catch up, but, yeah, I assume there's no change on your end to Dorothy. I'm about to get her on the calendar, or start trying to figure out which where she's available towards the end of October. That's still on your docket, right? Yep, that's right, okay. I think that's it, that I can remember off the top my head. And then what I sent you in terms of what else you might want to get on your calendar, the DIY often that we got from Dale beachy, I feel like I remember, or that's a name that seems oddly familiar. I wasn't sure if that was a person that you knew, but do I need to send those to you, or Devin to follow up on or we just kind of let the email sequence do its thing.

Matthias Miller  06:24
I would, I would, okay, on a consistent basis, get them over to Devin. Okay, I think there is a DIY op. It's DIY Opp, tag. Okay, that will create auto create an opportunity for them. Okay? And so, if you I

Speaker 1  06:50
suppose so theoretically, Devin should have it, and I don't need to worry about it. Is that what you're saying?

Matthias Miller  06:56
Well, we should theoretically add automation that when they fill out the form, we tag him?

Unknown Speaker  07:01
Oh, yeah, sure, okay, that makes

Matthias Miller  07:03
sense. And then that would

Unknown Speaker  07:07
okay, then Devin will have it Okay. That makes sense. Devin does have that, right?

Matthias Miller  07:14
Or sure he's got Dale. Yes, he does have okay. We talked about he's got Dale on his list, somewhere.

Speaker 1  07:21
Okay, perfect. Well, no, that makes sense for future purposes. Adding the tag makes sense. We can do that. Shouldn't be hard.

Matthias Miller  07:33
And then, yeah, my life is full of client fulfillment. It feels like I think, I think we're going to need a I'm going to probably create massive chaos. But I still don't feel like, but I don't know that there's going to be just a grand solution for project management, managing my natural consulting chaos. But, yeah, I think I don't

Speaker 1  08:00
know that's fair. It doesn't seem like it at this particular point. It seems like if you're just focused on fulfillment, you can just ad hoc tell me if you need something, maybe just go from there. Okay, thanks. Is Josh making progress on closing any of the shed Expo people,

Matthias Miller  08:23
we had one client, actually send it out to a sales team. Okay, so that's good news. It's hard to tell why. I mean, all these guys are just slammed busy. That's I'm gonna assume there's a lot of

Speaker 1  08:39
that, right? I think that's fair. There's economic uncertainty right now. That's got to play a little bit into sales overall, doesn't it? I don't know. I mean,

Matthias Miller  08:51
it does, but this is so this is something else. Josh told me, he's like, I mean, he said the only thing people really are interested in is fixing sales problems right now. So recruiting is a good offer to sell, especially when they clearly have underperformers. He also said, anybody selling systems for the last two years has been just biting uphill, really, and so I don't know what that means for me, but part of the answer may just be well, but it might not mean anything. It might just mean go, stop getting in my own way, closing other deals, and see what comes of it, and don't, yeah, try to figure out what it means.

Speaker 1  09:46
I think that's fair. If you're not trying to orchestrate a grand plan right now and you're just trying to make money, then it really leaves you open to what comes your way. So that seems fair. Do. Does, yeah,

Matthias Miller  10:01
sequencing and staging, I think, might be the name of the game. So that's kind of where I'm at. Great

Speaker 1  10:11
makes sense to me. Short, stand up in the morning, I assume. Yep, all right. Well, other than that, I think we're good unless you have anything else you want to talk about.

Matthias Miller  10:24
I mean, the only last thought, I genuinely think we've I have introduced a lot of drag in trying to prematurely build out something and trying to load stuff on you, besides just clear, delegatable, repeatable tasks, and so like in the meantime, yes, I do feel good about where this is

Speaker 1  10:51
headed, so I agree. And I mean, as much as I like systems, I'm a huge fan of if there isn't anything repeatable right now, if you're in the exploration stage, it is a waste of time to try to repeat, you know, to try to sop, a task that you might do twice as a waste of time, right? Like, there's no reason to do that. So, so I think it makes sense, you know, I think, I think there's nothing to worry about in that stage in terms of administrative stuff. It's really just figuring out what works and then the repeatable stuff comes when it comes. All right, well, I will let you go, and I will plan on talking to you in the morning. All right, sounds good. All right, talk to you later. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai