Unknown Speaker  00:59
Howdy sir, Howdy.

Matthias Miller  01:00
Howdy. Howdy. How

Speaker 1  01:02
maybe something bad for me, I'm gonna drink.

Unknown Speaker  01:26
I'm gonna drink one of these puppies.

Matthias Miller  01:35
One of these puppies, soda, soda poppies.

Speaker 2  01:40
No, it's what it's this you've heard of, like, P, o, p, p, i, the Oh, right,

Matthias Miller  01:46
yeah, that's those things, the

Speaker 2  01:48
soda that's supposed to be okay to drink, only 25 calories. How much sugar does this thing have in

Speaker 2  02:00
it? Four grams of added sugar. Really? Come on. Oh, could at least use stevia or something

Matthias Miller  02:11
that's, uh, you lose the whole segment of people with that. You do what? You lose the whole segment of people if you do that,

Unknown Speaker  02:21
do stevia. Why?

Matthias Miller  02:24
Flavor, aftertaste,

Unknown Speaker  02:26
please.

Unknown Speaker  02:29
Tell him to grow up.

Unknown Speaker  02:39
Okay, let's do something fun.

Matthias Miller  02:43
I can't say that I disagree with you. I wrote

Speaker 2  02:45
notes on auto pay. Tell me what you think

Matthias Miller  03:00
i By the way, Seth and I are going to block out a couple hours probably on Friday, to clean up the spec. It's driving both of us bonkers. All right, so we have frequency weekly by day, weekly by how's this different? Like, why wouldn't we here?

Speaker 2  03:32
Okay, there is. The difference. Is weekly by number so you could say, you could say weekly by number two, start date of today. So it would run every two weeks on today's date or on today's day of today, or something like,

Matthias Miller  03:45
okay, but hang on, why wouldn't we?

Unknown Speaker  03:52
Can you make this image larger please?

Matthias Miller  03:59
Are you wanting to

Unknown Speaker  04:01
my old man eyes.

Matthias Miller  04:02
Are you? Oh, hang on, wow. My brain, okay, so in my head, it's like, what are the categories, monthly, weekly, okay, weekly? Do you start Do it? Do you? Do you do? Do it every x and then weekly, every X number of weeks. And then beyond that is like, what day of the week? And it's either start on this date and go forward, or start on this weekday and go forward. Or how, how is selecting the day of the week. Like, why would you just say, select Sunday, and it selects the next Sunday. Or you select Wednesday, and if you're on a Wednesday, you go the next Wednesday.

Speaker 2  04:49
So you could get rid of, you could get, we get rid of weekly by day, and you could use this, the weekly by number, and just say, every two weeks, and you set the date at the start date for, you know, next. Monday, that would do the same thing. So one one week, and the start date of on next Monday, and it would, it would do the same thing. Two weeks, three weeks, like all of those would. So one of those you could get rid of. You're correct.

Matthias Miller  05:15
Like, is that okay? Seth is editing. Let me do this. I'm

Matthias Miller  05:36
trying to find out what's what's up. But in the meantime, I'm

Matthias Miller  05:45
just thinking it could theoretically be something like this. You could have frequency.

Unknown Speaker  06:01
You could have,

Unknown Speaker  06:13
you could have a

Matthias Miller  06:55
I guess. And here's the problem, when you initially set it, it gets a little tricky, but okay, here's the idea. You have a weekday and a date. Drop down. You select a weekday, it gets you the next When's that going to be sad that's going to be on the on the 17th. I mean, autofills the date. You modify the date. It updates the weekday, so you can see what weekday it is. You

Speaker 2  07:26
so I don't have I based on what I wrote, what I wrote, I think you understand what I'm trying to accomplish, what I want. The key is not necessarily how I expect the functionality to be. It's more about being dropped dead simple. It's very easy, intuitive to understand that when you when you go and the the way you go about this, any dumb Tom Dick and Harry is like, oh, duh Of course. We want you know it. I want it simple and easy to use. Okay,

Matthias Miller  07:54
here's what I would do weekly, by by starting date. If you do weekly, then you have weekday editable. If we weekly by day of week, starting date, editable, if weekly by starting date, repeat. I Every number of weeks, default to one, then we have monthly by okay. What is the monthly by day?

Unknown Speaker  08:35
By monthly by day is on the 15th of every month.

Matthias Miller  08:43
What's monthly by number

Unknown Speaker  08:45
every two every

Matthias Miller  08:48
Do you ever want to do something like first Monday?

Unknown Speaker  09:01
Oh? The first

Speaker 2  09:03
Monday of every month, or the last Friday of every month. Yes, those kinds of things are like, You know what? I should ask grok about this. This would be a fun thing for grok to tell me, I'm that come up with all the ways.

Unknown Speaker  09:20
Ah, this

Matthias Miller  09:31
is how I would

Unknown Speaker  09:55
do. Wait, can

Unknown Speaker  10:15
you make it bigger? I was

Matthias Miller  10:18
trying to then I was like, I don't know

Speaker 2  10:20
weekly by day of week, weekly by starting date. If it's weekly by starting date, then you would say weekday or what we did.

Matthias Miller  10:33
So this would be, this could be simpler. Well, okay, I mean, these are so you do by day of week, then you say first, second, third, four. Second, third, fourth or last, and then the weekday?

Speaker 2  10:45
Oh, goodness, we have not okay, we do. We do need to one thing we did, we didn't see. This is why you go ask AI one time. We need to. We need to have a one time transaction.

Speaker 2  11:03
One time, reoccurring, daily, weekly, bi, weekly, monthly, quarterly, annually on due date. Okay?

Matthias Miller  11:52
What do you think of this? We need to repeat until

Speaker 2  12:08
Yes, that is one of the things. Having end dates on this stuff, I think would be really, really good too, like, I want this thing to repeat until this point right here.

Matthias Miller  12:21
I mean, we could just have me, would you only do end date?

Unknown Speaker  12:26
Probably that's what Google has. They just have an end date,

Speaker 2  12:38
although it would be kind of fun to say stop if, and then have some if, like, stop if. What would be some stop ifs within X amount of payments from the end or stop, stop if, oh, man, we could get really nuts and creative with this. This would be kind of fun, like, this would be kind of fun. Stop by auto pay once my my EPO reaches X amount, and email me telling me the EPO has reached that point. Wouldn't that be kind of cool? It's kind of ridiculous, but,

Matthias Miller  13:14
yeah, it would be if you'd have a bunch of engineer automation freaks running, buying sheds. Why wouldn't you just, rather than that, why wouldn't you just write it, create a security deposit for the amount of the EPO or something, or like, make a payment.

Speaker 2  13:35
And I wasn't being serious. Let me read through what you've got. Okay, so frequency, one time, and that would be date and amount.

Matthias Miller  13:46
Well, for all of them, we would have an amount. Yes,

Speaker 2  13:48
okay, is this gonna be like an RG, is that what you're thinking?

Matthias Miller  13:53
I think so. This would be on the contract. I'm yeah.

Unknown Speaker  14:07
So if that's, can you stack them?

Matthias Miller  14:11
What do you mean? Stack them?

Unknown Speaker  14:13
Theoretically, you could have, you know, several, yep, oh, that's kind of scary.

Matthias Miller  14:20
You don't want that

Speaker 2  14:22
well, as long as we can validate that they were not doing something stupid.

Speaker 2  14:38
Although it'd be kind of fun to be able to say, You know what, I want this thing to run. I want to do one. I want to do, you know, bi weekly, up until this date, and then after that, I wanted to go to a monthly No, do we totally want to be able to stack these? No, that's pretty that's pretty cool.

Matthias Miller  14:55
Well, you can negotiate and say, Look, if you're willing to set up a payment plan where we. Do weekly up until this point, and you're willing to do automatic payments monthly after that point, or bi weekly, then then graduate to a monthly we will totally lock this in. And then we also want a preview. This is outside of this preview automatic payments. So you

Speaker 2  15:18
could run a report and you could see you could literally send the customer a schedule. Yeah, hey, that's, that's, that's it. It's fun. Can you, can you, can you, can you make this more understandable, weekly by starting date, weekday, editable if weekly by day of week.

Matthias Miller  15:39
Okay, fine, fine. Weekday, Sunday to Sunday starting date. Well, okay, do you want starting date to be editable?

Unknown Speaker  15:54
I would think so.

Matthias Miller  16:22
Be my question. Really was, what it was going going after here is, can we just merge these two?

Unknown Speaker  16:32
What is? What is a wet,

Matthias Miller  16:36
a wet, wet, it's not a wet egg, it's a wet with it.

Unknown Speaker  16:47
Give me merge which two probably

Matthias Miller  16:53
the weird thing is, when you modify weekday, do you want it to change? Do to the next upcoming one, or do you want it to adjust to the week of

Speaker 2  17:11
okay? It would be if some of this like, if you always had a link to a report that could give you the total breakdown of what the schedule of payments out into the future are. Well, then it just makes it drop dead simple. If you don't, if you don't quite understand what we're saying, you set it up, you run the report, and you go, Oh, well here, Mr. Customer, I'm going to send this to you because now, now you can see exactly what's happening. Here's what your schedule is. I'm

Speaker 2  17:45
so and since we, since we potentially are going to send that to the customer, let's make sure that we link in customer information about some contract information, some customer information, so that when you send it to the customer, it says, you know, auto pay schedule for such and such, such person contract such and such, for building such and such, something like that. So next, cute little report

Matthias Miller  18:16
for stay. Yeah, hang on. I want to see if I can, I can figure out this issue. I

Speaker 2  18:46
have you saved this in the spec? Do?

Matthias Miller  19:00
Let me see if I can figure out. Okay, so I'm

Speaker 2  19:41
Yeah, Grog says your auto pay schedule is structure is solid and flexible, covering key frequency options with clear customization.

Matthias Miller  19:58
Rock approved. I. Rock approved. Okay, I have a proposal that's a little weird and a little hard to explain, but it would simplify this. Okay, if you put in a future date and you change the weekday here, let's do, let's do months. If you if you Okay, we are here. If you put in the the 28th and you change it to a Thursday, it would jump up to this Thursday because it's treating the week because today's Wednesday, it treats the week as Thursday to Wednesday. Even if you put a

Speaker 2  20:47
future date in, you shouldn't be able to change the weekday. It should be automatic.

Matthias Miller  20:52
Okay, so the weekday is only editable if it's within the next week. Okay, I like that. Okay, so here's, here's the proposal. This is drop dead simple weekly do weekday, Sunday to Sunday. Set, oops. Why are you? So what do you simplify my life so much

Speaker 2  21:14
editable has gotten weird about jumping around is, I don't know. That I've had some weird experiences when jumping between stuff that it'll it tries to think about where I want to be and not where I want it tries to think where I should be and not where I want to

Matthias Miller  21:38
be. We have weekday starting date editable.

Speaker 2  21:51
So the first option would be weekday. You could pick a Sunday to Sunday in there.

Matthias Miller  21:56
Well, I mean, I think technically yes. And if you choose so today, if you choose Sunday, it's obviously chooses the 20th or if you choose the Thursday, it's obviously tomorrow, or a Wednesday, it's obviously the 22nd right? Yeah, okay. And then starting date, and then repeat every number of weeks.

Speaker 2  22:14
So if you put a starting date and it's just going to repeat on whatever day that date is,

Matthias Miller  22:18
yep, and then the weekday will just show the read only weekday. So if you put in like the 31st it says Friday, but you can't change it until you blank out the date. Good.

Speaker 2  22:29
Repeat every number of weeks. Default to one doesn't that need a start date. Does. So those are not three separate options.

Matthias Miller  22:42
Yes, they are, okay, I want to pay weekly. Okay? You can either put in a weekday and it starts within the next week, or you just choose a specific date and it shows you the weekday, but you can't change it, and that's when it starts. And then you you can repeat every 123, or 100 weeks, if you want

Unknown Speaker  22:59
to starting when

Matthias Miller  23:01
the starting date?

Speaker 2  23:03
Oh, so, so, so second bullet point and third bullet point would work together.

Unknown Speaker  23:07
Yes, got it.

Speaker 2  23:12
So, so make. Why wouldn't you make? Okay, sorry, but being a bit persnickety, but why wouldn't repeat every number of weeks be a a sub point of starting date? Okay, well, I guess what. I guess what I'm not quite under. What I'm not quite wrapping my head around, is how this will look, and maybe I should just forget about how it's going to look and just be like, go.

Speaker 2  23:42
Sorry. For my visual brain. My brain works on visuals.

Matthias Miller  24:05
Yeah, okay, so then these are all editable or but if you do it like this, where it's like, then this is not editable anymore.

Speaker 2  24:20
Oh, I see, okay, okay, see, this is why you do, this is why you do visual. So, if so, if you say we weekly, you pick, I want to do this on Thursdays. I want to start on this like, if you say Thursdays, and are you going to auto fill the start date for the following Thursday? Yeah, yes. Okay, great. What? What if? What happens if you just leave the weekday blank, then you can just say, you pick whatever start date you want, right? Yep. And

Matthias Miller  24:43
then the weekday, if it's if it's within the current week, then you can it's editable. If it's outside of that, it just shows you what the weekday is

Speaker 2  24:49
going to be. Okay? I like this. I like this a lot. And then I thank you. You can say starting on 1026 I want this thing to repeat every two or three or four or five weeks on the. Thursday,

Matthias Miller  25:00
yes, hallelujah. All right, so stop date. Well, the stop dates, yes, I mean, it's down here, but yeah, exactly. Okay, then you could do something theoretically similar for monthly, for monthly, and then you would say monthly, you would have the starting date, and then you would have a choice of, I mean, the last it's either the fourth Sunday or the fifth Sunday

Unknown Speaker  25:41
or

Unknown Speaker  25:42
here, let's do my real one like I

Matthias Miller  26:08
mean, you could, arguably, I don't think it's easier to code, but you could, you could do something like that.

Matthias Miller  26:20
And if you do that, then you could always just work off a starting date.

Speaker 2  26:25
Well, unless you said choice, and you give, you give, like, first, second, third, fourth, last, and then you, you also could pick whatever day that you want that to be.

Matthias Miller  26:35
Well, I mean, that's and then we're back to this, which is great,

Speaker 2  26:40
yeah, around monthly, I expect that a lot of people are going to be like, Well, I wanted to repeal this day every month. But, I mean, there are going to be some, if you have the options to go, Yeah, I would like this to run the last Friday of every month, or the first Monday of every month, or the the second Monday of every month. Or, you know, those kinds of things are really, really helpful. And so, yeah, you got you have the idea your weekly is phenomenal.

Matthias Miller  27:14
Thank you. That's what I was grasping for. I just couldn't quite grab it. I

Unknown Speaker  27:23
Okay, you happy?

Speaker 2  27:29
Yeah, I'm excited about that. And and if, in regards to the very first thing about contract definition, handling optional late fees, we're just gonna, when the auto pay runs, we're going to reference the contract definition to say whether we or the I guess, unless we store that on the contract record. But whether this state handles like we can just automatically run late fees or not run late fees. Is that? Is that what you're thinking or are you going to make that as part of the setup for the auto pay?

Matthias Miller  27:59
Sorry, I had one other question, is it

Matthias Miller  28:06
enough just to put a checkbox on the payment to say this was an auto pay?

Unknown Speaker  28:14
You mean in the in the payments RG,

Matthias Miller  28:17
the payment record itself? Well, I was thinking the payment record itself.

Unknown Speaker  28:26
Rather than doing my log. Is that what you're saying?

Unknown Speaker  28:33
Yeah, I don't have

Speaker 2  28:36
a problem with that. So if you want to see what date and time that it actually ran, just open up the payment RG, or open up the payment history, and it'll be checked there, whether it was auto pay or not, or something like that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  28:57
All right.

Unknown Speaker  29:04
Are we storing date and time on all payments? I date time.

Matthias Miller  29:21
I mean, we would have the time the record gets created in activity history. We're not showing it here, but,

Speaker 2  29:35
but we are what we are fielding. Who did it correct? Yes. So then what is that date and time to it do.

Matthias Miller  30:09
Okay, good,

Unknown Speaker  30:12
fantastic,

Matthias Miller  30:17
and then we How about processing? How does processing happen? I

Speaker 1  30:20
What do you mean?

Matthias Miller  30:28
Does it happen every, every night, at 1am

Unknown Speaker  30:32
Oh, gotcha. Um,

Speaker 2  30:44
I would sooner want to say that you process it. That would put it okay human expectation, my auto pay runs on Friday, so I have to make sure the funds are there. If you run at 1am on Friday, the potential exists that funds aren't there. So I would say, you run midnight of the day, or 11 or 1211, 30, 11pm. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:18
I mean, I it's not uncommon for people either say something like, you know, cut off time for this is X PM. So it's like, I mean, if you do, if you do 6pm west coast, that's 8pm so east coast, so like a 9pm run time does seem sane. 9pm West Coast, East Coast, East Coast, 11pm it doesn't matter. It's not going to take more than an hour to run these.

Speaker 2  31:47
That just means that that would be eight if a person is using the software that's working off the west coast, that would mean what? 8pm their time, right? I

Unknown Speaker  32:10
hmm,

Speaker 2  32:22
is it? Is it obnoxious to allow them to specify the time? And we run this thing like this, automation triggers every 15 minutes. That's obnoxious, isn't

Matthias Miller  32:36
it? Set it auto pay time? Yeah, that's sub noxious. Okay, thanks for asking.

Matthias Miller  32:50
I mean, do you want it okay? If something goes wildly sideways, do you care to have it resolved before the next

Unknown Speaker  33:01
day? What do you mean? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  33:05
Just that we can't process all the automatic payments for some reason.

Speaker 2  33:15
So so you're saying it auto pays for some reason fail, and we have to fix it the next morning.

Matthias Miller  33:24
Is that a problem? You don't You're right. Is it right? Exactly, okay. I mean, this really, this really does not matter to me. I mean, you know,

Speaker 2  33:35
the only, the only part that makes me a little bit nervous is to say to stick if someone's on the if someone's using the software on the west coast that auto pay wouldn't run, would run as early as 9pm

Matthias Miller  33:49
Yeah, but we don't let them schedule day of payments,

Speaker 2  33:54
Even so 9pm is that's not obnoxious. That's fine. Let's do 11pm Eastern. That's fine. That's fine. If somebody, if somebody, gets their panties in a wad over that, then we can, well, in theory, in theory, this is, this is about a scheduled task, right? Yeah, this. Could you say it is or it isn't?

Matthias Miller  34:20
No, it's not a schedule task. It's a whiskey. I'm assuming it's a whiskey. I don't know how we'll trigger it, but it's probably a trigger on the whiskey end, like a cron job or something. I was,

Speaker 2  34:30
I was gonna come up with a great idea. If you didn't like the time, we can go change it based on the but, okay, let's, let's, let's, let's live with the link.

Matthias Miller  34:43
And then you should not be able to edit any settings after, after you've made a payment. So

Speaker 2  34:57
should not be able to edit after. You've made it. If

Matthias Miller  35:00
you have a, if you make a, if you entered on a payment schedule and it runs, the only thing you can do is stop it from running again. You can't say, I met the fourth Monday of every month. Like you should just stop it and create a new schedule.

Speaker 2  35:19
Matter, it runs at night, so, like, if you screwed it up that day, and you might come in, like, whoops, then you go, go set it for exactly what you want. Like, I don't think there's any catching this,

Matthias Miller  35:32
but I'm saying you can't say here's an auto payment schedule that's monthly by day of week. I'm going to change it to weekly. Or do we care?

Speaker 2  35:49
Why would we I don't. Here's why would we care?

Matthias Miller  35:53
Like, I guess you wouldn't care. You'd have to re you'd have to reset the Okay. This is where it gets tricky. With keeping multiple rows in the RG, and do you expect people to close it out when they're done, or do you expect them to modify it when they're done? What do you expect them to do with it when it's done? And this is kind of like primary and secondary contact. We expect them to go in. I want to add a new schedule and save and as long as you created it today, you can edit it, but tomorrow, the only thing you can do is cancel it and create a new one.

Speaker 2  36:35
Okay, so let me make let me I'm tracking now, so let me just make sure I'm tracking with what you're saying, I go in and I create an auto paid that's supposed to run starting tomorrow, or Yeah, and so the day after tomorrow, customer says, Oh, that was dumb. I really wanted something else. You can't go back in and edit that one anymore because it already ran. You have to delete it or add a new

Matthias Miller  37:03
one. Well, you don't delete it. You close it out, you stop it.

Speaker 2  37:06
Okay. Well, okay, so what are we gonna have? What's the mechanics for stopping it?

Matthias Miller  37:12
You have put it in and it ends today,

Unknown Speaker  37:20
or something like that. Why wouldn't we just had

Matthias Miller  37:29
an active checkbox? Yeah, and then you uncheck it. And when you uncheck the active checkbox, it says it sets the continue until yesterday.

Speaker 2  37:42
Why would you ever allow them to uncheck an inactive checkbox if you inactivated one, then just go create a new one, right? Why

Unknown Speaker  37:58
wouldn't you just hard delete it?

Matthias Miller  38:02
Do you want a history of payment schedules that they've had?

Speaker 2  38:06
That's good point. That's good point. Okay, inactive checkbox with if you check it and you save it, then it is hard done. You cannot uncheck it.

Matthias Miller  38:20
It is going,

Speaker 2  38:22
it's, it is, it's, it is read only after that, if you, if you're like, Oops, I shouldn't have inactivated that one. Well, guess what? Just go add a new row and go set up what you wanted. Is

Unknown Speaker  38:37
that fair? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  38:40
allow editing so

Speaker 2  39:09
if the start dating, if the start Okay, okay, so. But the only, the only problem with this is that, if why would someone want to call in and say, run a one time payment today. Well, if that's the case, then you just inactivate it and add another one if you screwed it up. Okay, if

Matthias Miller  39:28
you want to do one today, then, just for Pete's sake, take the payment.

Speaker 2  39:33
Yeah, but I need you to do it, you know, tonight, after my deposit by check.

Matthias Miller  39:38
Okay, tomorrow, dude, and I'll wave your late beat. Come on. Whiny pants.

Unknown Speaker  39:52
Whiny pants. I.

Matthias Miller  40:00
Can't sleep at night. That's your own fault. I

Matthias Miller  40:30
should this be continued through

Unknown Speaker  40:39
this is this is the stop date. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:46
it should just be ending date or continue until

Speaker 2  40:52
I like ending date. But that implies that if, if the ending date is on a day that you would normally have a payment run. Does he payment run for that date or not? Does the does the ending date end at the beginning of the day or at the end of the day?

Matthias Miller  41:10
Well, I think continue through makes it clear, theoretically, I don't know. I don't

Speaker 2  41:19
feel like, I don't feel like, I don't feel like getting philosophical about that, whatever you want to call it, I would just it would, to me, it would be ending date and, and that's the date that it ends. And if you want to be really, if you want to be really, push Nikki, you we could put it in parentheses, end of day

Unknown Speaker  41:44
or or ending date after auto run. That would be a, that'd be a really good way to say it. I mean, this is like that would be continuing through that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  42:02
Okay, with label if

Speaker 2  42:19
okay now you're being smart. Now you're being really smart. Dummy proof is the name

Matthias Miller  42:26
dummy dummy proof. I'm going to start up an alcohol company. I'm

Matthias Miller  42:39
going to call it dummy proof. I'm

Speaker 1  42:41
proof. I don't know if

Matthias Miller  42:54
it means it's extraordinarily high or extraordinarily low.

Unknown Speaker  43:02
Uh, good. You happy

Speaker 2  43:07
I am Hang on one second. Why is? Why is my chat going playing? I don't know. I

Unknown Speaker  43:24
Oh, fun

Matthias Miller  43:26
plingay playing the chat is doing its thing.

Unknown Speaker  43:38
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  43:57
okay, okay. It Okay, all right, I'm back.

Matthias Miller  44:09
Good, we're what else? Okay, auto pay. Dun, dun, dun, dun, right. We good. Auto

Speaker 2  44:17
pay is done. You're exactly right.

Matthias Miller  44:26
Actually mock up first.

Unknown Speaker  44:31
That's fair.

Matthias Miller  44:41
Okay, Jonathan's on, on on track and on budget, on the merchant processor, or, sorry, on the on the payment portal. So, I mean, I just don't care if you feel like say. Saying, Look, I went, I went, Josh in on this. That's great.

Speaker 2  45:12
Okay, here's the question I have, who is going to be most successful having a drop dead, bulletproof credit card processing system.

Matthias Miller  45:24
Well, I can tell you what John I mean,

Speaker 2  45:31
and I know, I know that so many of the I feel like we run into on assist, I feel like we run into credit card processing issues all the time, and everybody's scared every time they get a decline, some sort of decline message, and that just can't be Well, then

Matthias Miller  45:54
let's just have Jonathan Do it, and let's just spell out very clearly,

Unknown Speaker  46:01
do do

Matthias Miller  46:03
you want Seth to take her time to explain this, or do you want me to explain it to

Unknown Speaker  46:08
him later? That's fine. I mean, let's

Matthias Miller  46:16
Okay. Let's do this. I love this question. This is a great questions. Problems with assist, declines with no clear message.

Speaker 2  46:26
This is, this is the issue that we run into. The messaging is not clear on the configurator, whether we had a record problem, whether we had a credit card decline issue, whether we had like, I feel like the messaging around some of this stuff is not clear,

Unknown Speaker  46:47
I guess, hey,

Speaker 3  46:54
oh, you just haven't saved Oh, oh, I'm sorry. Now it takes so much more sense.

Matthias Miller  47:04
That's kind of unusual,

Speaker 3  47:05
but I should have sent you a screenshot. It was the most bare bones spec ever.

Matthias Miller  47:11
Oh yeah, and then I got, I got a pat on the back from Dwayne. This is my brag on myself day, because we all have low egos that need to be stoked into towering giants. But I consolidated the weekly thing into a single option that's just nice, smashingly elegant. Nice it it makes ballerinas look like it's so elegant, it makes ballerinas look like total klutzes. I

Speaker 2  47:36
wouldn't go that far. That's a little bit Oh.

Speaker 3  47:40
It. Okay. Well, so this is on the contract. See, I didn't even know. I thought. I wasn't sure this is trying to be some new record or what. This makes sense. I think I probably have what I need then, okay, all right, the

Matthias Miller  48:00
one thing, well, no, I think everything's in here. Ask if you have questions. Okay, good, thanks. All right. Declined to do, was it the credit card issue? What type of issue I

Matthias Miller  48:29
like, what's it?

Matthias Miller  48:40
I mean, is this the essence of the issue?

Speaker 2  48:42
Yeah, that is, that is. And so what tends to like, and this is, this is human nature. I input something wrong, so let me go. Try again. Oh, okay, didn't work. Okay, maybe it was this thing. So try again. Okay, Nope, that didn't work. Okay, maybe it was this thing. Try again. Five times later, we've transacted the card every single time.

Matthias Miller  49:06
It's one thing. If it's a $50 payment, it's another thing. If you're putting down a $5,000 $2,500 down payment on a shed.

Speaker 2  49:15
Yeah. So I mean, if we can get, like, on declines. If we can, if we can, get the processor to tell us exactly why it declined. Great. It was a it was a zip code issue, it was a CVV issue, it was a bad address issue, I don't know, tell us what it was, so that we know what to go correct

Matthias Miller  49:39
and if you're just raising the bar, man,

Speaker 2  49:44
if there is a way that we can have a fail safe that says, Yeah, I told you, it didn't transact, but it actually did. I don't know how you do that, but,

Matthias Miller  49:55
well, I mean, no, but we should know. Like, we just need to handle it, to say, I mean, maybe there's even, there could even be in something in so far. Okay, here's one of the things that I have done in the past, sometimes when I felt like connectivity could be an issue. Is, I would okay, this is, this is theoretically over engineering. Josh wouldn't do this, but I would it's like, when you make a payment, you immediately, first record it in in s3 in an s3 bucket, and then you have a sweep process that runs. It says, Do we have any unrecorded payments? Push it into the system and then move it from that s3 bucket into an archive bucket. And so there is no because s3 theoretically can fail, but it just doesn't. And so it might, it might. We can still tell them yes, it succeeded, but it's not going to show up for, you know, 24 it may not show up for. 24 hours may not be reflected in the balance, but then we don't lose, yeah,

Speaker 2  51:14
time delays are bad enough on Ach, a credit card charge, I want to be able to know instantly what what? No, you would know

Matthias Miller  51:19
instantly it's not going to show up in the system because we couldn't, couldn't put couldn't, couldn't push it into the system, and we have no idea why, but we have the data we just need to fix why it can't get pushed into the system. I see, does that make sense?

Speaker 2  51:31
Yeah, I don't know. Those are my concerns and and the other concerns I have is you should be able to refund a payment from this from the software, not have to jump over to the portal to go refund something like I want to keep them out of their credit card portal as much as possible. Yeah. I mean the main reason is, is, like most people, most customer service reps, are probably not going to have access to the credit card portal, so feeding them all the knowledge that they need to know is is critical.

Matthias Miller  52:17
Okay? And is there any reason not to? I mean, and then on the on the contact record, we should have a list of here are the payment records. It's a visa ending in x7, 893, expiration, 12, of 29, and and you can, you have a stored token, so you can set up auto pay with that. You could set it as a default. You could have one default. Is that reasonable?

Speaker 2  52:49
Yeah, and there's nothing that's, there's, there's nothing that stops us from, like going hammer down on starting this, this integration process we have, we have explore pay accounts. So, you know, we all of that is, is, is there?

Matthias Miller  53:05
So the main question would also be, payouts, does clearance? Let us do query for settlements, and actually, but it's not that bad if you don't hang on.

Unknown Speaker  53:29
If you

Matthias Miller  53:32
because, if you wanted to, you could just push your stripe payments. We need a way to do this. Well, Maybe we do. Where

Matthias Miller  53:53
is this guy? I

Matthias Miller  54:06
Okay, if I know jumping the gun, I'm getting into the weeds. This might not matter. I may be overthinking it, but if we can't get payout information from a stripe processor, then what makes the most sense to me is that you push it into an asset account, like a, you know, Stripe asset account. It's not, I mean, obviously stripes not a bad exit, but an unsettled merchant funds asset account, and then you just write general ledger entries to transfer that less fees and expense out the fees and put it into your into your bank account. Does that seem like a reasonable thing, or that's beyond your you? Around.

Speaker 2  55:11
Explore pay, okay, obviously, we have to dig deeper than explore pay. API can provide details on payouts, including the total amount collected, the date of the collection and issue fee for for each transaction. So it looks like we're going to get very, very similar information regarding

Matthias Miller  55:25
Okay, so we need a, so we need a, do we call this a payout or settlement?

Speaker 2  55:36
Settlements probably, would probably make a lot of sense.

Matthias Miller  55:45
Minutes. So we need to know the RTO company. We need to know this settlement date, and we need to know

Matthias Miller  56:08
I guess the question is, then, does their API tell us what the fees are when we run the payment, or do they tell us on settlement what that is? Or both? But I

Speaker 2  56:23
I don't Okay, if you're asking my opinion, I don't like the way assist does like fielding the negative or fielding the fee transaction as part of the payments? RG, I think it's confusing to the end user. My, my gut feeling would be that that is, that is information that should be stored as part of the payout information. Yeah, and and handled accordingly. Yep.

Matthias Miller  57:17
Okay, then refunds

Unknown Speaker  57:20
are a

Matthias Miller  57:23
well, how do we want to do refunds? Because you could have multiple refunds.

Speaker 2  57:29
It's per transaction refund, and grant it would it would be nice to be able to do like partials and and specify amounts. I know that probably adds a lot of complexity.

Matthias Miller  57:51
Okay, I mean, I was thinking about that because we don't know how to how it affects the contract if you do a refund. I

Matthias Miller  58:11
unless you just give the refund as a credit to the account in some capacity, but you can't.

Speaker 2  58:18
Well, the thing I kind of want to say is that if you refund a transaction, you refund the entire transaction, and then you go do a new transaction. If you were doing partials,

Matthias Miller  58:29
well, why wouldn't we?

Speaker 2  58:32
Because if you, if you start handling partial refunds, it's like, Well, okay, so you paid this fee and late fee and damage, like, which part of my refunding Am I refunding equal percentages, equal amounts across all of them, it Like, what? What am I refunding at that point? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  59:03
I'm wondering if there's a way in which we could do this in kind of one fell swoop, like if you go to a payment to do a refund, it acts like i

Unknown Speaker  59:25
Oh, good, gracious.

Matthias Miller  59:33
Oh, this is that's terrible. I mean, what I'm trying to get away from Is there a way that you can do that under the hood without

Matthias Miller  59:53
it's almost like what you want to do is say. Me, I'm getting ready to do a refund, like, basically roll back all the, all the changes for this, for this payment, I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:23
Right?

Matthias Miller  1:00:33
Why couldn't Okay, the other issue, the other big issue, sorry, I'm jumping ahead in my head, and I'm Yes, I'm thinking about this. But the other issue is, if you want to refund, well, if you want to refund multiple payments, multiple payments, that's not a big deal. Partial payments is the only refund. So you do a full refund, no problem. That's easy, right? If you want to do a partial refund, what you do is you go in and and you say, how much do you want to refund? And it clears out everything, as if none of those rows existed, and you re input everything, and it finds the balance, it updates the payments. That just seems terrible. It seems really complicated. Do you think we would get in massive trouble to I mean, would it be just really horrible to do it. Just do a full refund and run a new charge. I mean, the worst is, yeah, I don't know.

Speaker 2  1:01:41
Well, okay. I mean, this is probably a bit expensive and it require a lot of work, but if you said, if you, if you, if you did it by obviously okay on the payment from the payment record, everything that ties out to that payment record, if you said refund on that payment record, it pushed it back into the payment screen like, like it was recreated from the day that you actually took that payment. And now adjust your numbers. Okay, we want, we want to adjust the numbers. Fix, fix, fix, fix, okay, that that leaves a refund of x,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:19
good. And

Matthias Miller  1:02:22
then you is it,

Speaker 2  1:02:25
I don't know, for handling a partial. I mean, even for, even for handling any type of payment, if you'd always handled everything that way, if it's like, pushed it back in there. Okay, there's the transaction. What do you want to do? Well, 00000, okay, so you're giving back the whole thing. Yes, go bank. Done.

Matthias Miller  1:02:46
Well for full transaction, I'd almost Well Maybe,

Speaker 2  1:02:49
and maybe it's maybe, maybe it's a maybe it's a check, a button on the on the record, when it pops up that says full refund. Click, done. Goes right. Anything else you start jiggling the numbers here.

Matthias Miller  1:03:20
Let's see if Jonathan and Steph want to chat about this. I'd be interested in Jonathan's perspective. All right,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:25
I'm going to run to the bathroom real quick. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:05
Wow, Dwayne looks conspicuously absent.

Matthias Miller  1:05:09
Yeah, he's running to the bathroom, so we get to make a bunch of executive decisions without him nice.

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
Okay, so here's the here's the proposal.

Matthias Miller  1:05:39
Refunds are simple personal refunds get complicated. How, how this is, this is our if we could have a magic wand and pixie dust like this is what we would want have a payment click refund throws you in the payment portal, it recalculates everything. I mean, assuming that it's the last payment in the contract like it, you can, you can never refund more than the last one. So you always have to start refunding backwards if you have to do multiple and and so you you can only, you can only ever refund the latest one. And then it, it acts as if you can edit that payment. It acts as if you're coming in fresh and so you can then configure the new payment, like, if it's a partial refund of like, okay, well, we didn't actually, okay class. I mean, just three, somebody pays three months because we got a bunch of money sitting around, and you get a call and they're like, Ah, we're running to the ER, we really need this cash back. Can you what can you do? Okay, well, let's pop over in the payment record. We see you paid ahead. And so you go editing it, and you say, okay, for month three, we zero that out, okay, but we see that you already paid this amount. We're going to give you a partial refund of $265.93 and then, boom, you run it and it, it deletes. I mean, effectively, then you delete all the payment rows, the old payment rows, or you recreate all the payment rows for that payment on the contracts, and you record some refund RG on the payment record itself, just to track what happened is that a first let's start here. Does does the idea make sense?

Speaker 4  1:07:38
General? Yes, yeah, it makes sense to me. I didn't realize that you could do partial refunds on a payment. I assume that everything was I just thought in general, either refund one or you don't. And if you want to refund something partially, you just cancel the full one and then make a new one.

Matthias Miller  1:07:57
But I think there's a world in which go ahead

Speaker 2  1:07:59
your comment is logical. But as soon as you say you can't do it, somebody's going to want to do it. That's generally how human nature goes.

Matthias Miller  1:08:13
And I mean, and then the next question, and I think there's, there are questions around scope and timing. I mean, it's, it is possible to say

Speaker 2  1:08:23
it's possible to say that first iteration, all you can do is full refund on a payment. I do think, and maybe it's, maybe it's we buy ourselves some time to say, to get some data on what people would actually want out of this. I do think maybe it's in the future that we handle partial refunds. Or, if you guys say no, this is actually pretty doable, we could. Here's a really nice, slick, elegant way. What were you saying about ballet dancers this morning? Matthias, something like that,

Matthias Miller  1:08:58
something, something that's so elegant and it makes a ballerina look like it like a klutz. That's, that was the quote. I mean, if you

Speaker 2  1:09:04
come up with something like that, it's worth pursuing. It's, there's no, there's nothing that says on the first iteration we got to have handle the complexities of partial refunds. I So, that's my, that's my, my preface to this whole thing, or my caveat to this whole thing,

Matthias Miller  1:09:26
my boneheaded, knuckleheaded assumption is that, well, what needs to happen number one, when you get payment information, okay, you need to know that there was a payment and you, when you, when you look at the contract to figure out what should be showing there, you should pretend that payment didn't exist. And then, when it comes to actually saving it, you need to go nuke previous rows and create the new rows, and you need to somewhere, record the the refund balance. Months, or the, you know, what actually happened like was the, you know, the original charge and the refund charge or whatever. But fundamentally that there's not, and of course, your UI needs to reflect it. If you've already paid money and you're going to be refunding a charge, and how much are you going to refund? But you uh, I mean, in my, my just, you know, wild eyed optimism. It seems like it's more like a couple days and a couple weeks or a couple months, but I don't know if that's true, and I don't know if it over complicates, if it introduces undue complexity in the payment portal.

Speaker 4  1:10:42
I I think it's maybe not too bad as you're talking through it. I think what it would just mean is, when I'm going and getting all of my RG rows for, you know, to show the periods, I like you said, act like the payment doesn't exist. But then act like the payment that I was ignoring, like you're wanting to pay that right now, and so then when you remove amounts from it, I'm just shrinking the payment. And that's how it'd be an interface. I'm curious how Seth, you know, feels about the complexity on fielding it, on the payment record and those types of things, but I think in the portal be like you said, probably a couple days, not a couple weeks.

Speaker 3  1:11:34
That makes me a little queasy to be just nuking rows and rewriting rows. So where are we tracking that we're refunding things? Is that just on the payment record?

Matthias Miller  1:11:51
Well, that's a good question. We could link. Could we not this might not be plausible. Could we append reversal rows for all the existing ones and just add new rows?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:06
I like that better, because that feels closer to what's happening.

Matthias Miller  1:12:14
But then ultimately, what we really want to do is not that, but we want to create deltas, ideally, right, probably, and it means we would need a forgiveness type of, well, I mean, but at the end of the day, doesn't matter that much. What it is, I don't know if it matters. Well, potentially it does, but you would need a refund type

Unknown Speaker  1:12:40
or

Matthias Miller  1:12:45
Okay, the other option would be that we've also played around with is you keep the original transaction, but you void it somehow, like you void the payment rows, so that, for the sake of calculation, they're still there for for history. But, yeah, that's what I wondered about. I

Unknown Speaker  1:13:04
mean, you could,

Speaker 3  1:13:09
you could just have a Boolean checkbox that avoids it, and then we get this. I

Unknown Speaker  1:13:15
kind of like that, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
I mean, I like a refunded checkbox because it's not avoiding it is a refund. Is a refund. And so you can have a refund checkbox. I don't personally care whether it's duplicated. I just think the easiest thing is that most of our reporting would ignore Well, we have to think through how we want to handle refunding. Then for reporting, do you ignore them? Do you want to show entries on the data was refunded?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:46
Yeah, I would think so.

Matthias Miller  1:13:48
So that's an argument that we don't actually want to check box. We actually want separate rows.

Speaker 2  1:13:52
I mean, my my feeling is it's like it's an event in in in the payment history, that's just like, just like you, you made a payment. It's, it's an event of giving money back.

Speaker 3  1:14:10
So why is it? Why don't we keep the initial so you paid $200 for January and $200 for February, and we're going to give you half of February back. Why don't we keep the initial rows and add a refund row of $100 is it the complexity of calculating the deltas? I don't

Matthias Miller  1:14:36
think it's a complexity of calculating the deltas. In my mind, the biggest concern is that in the contract entry, when you say I am refunding this much amount, that we still end up with a valid payment. When we're said and done, that we don't refund, I don't know. I mean that we refund late fees first and then last month's payment, and then the prior month's payment, and. We refund in reverse order, not that's the only concern I have or the biggest concern I have.

Matthias Miller  1:15:19
But that's not that different. In my mind, it's not that different from, I mean, doing deltas or not. It's not that hard to let them just rebuild the entire thing, do a diff and add refund, negative refunds or positive charges for whatever needs to be done to get it to reconcile. I

Speaker 3  1:16:35
so with a partial refund, then part of your concern is that we refund the things in the order that they're not required, right? So you don't refund the Damage Waiver fee, correct?

Matthias Miller  1:16:53
Yeah. And so in my mind, what makes the most sense to simplify that? Because in my in my mind, that's, that's one of the most complex parts of orchestrating a payment. And so if we, if we took it like a zeros, like a zero sum, or whatever, like a c zero point, starting point, build out the payment that you want to create, and then at that point, you can do a Delta of what were the payment rows, what do we want them to be, and apply those as rows and even in, yeah, I think so.

Speaker 3  1:17:33
I don't mind that we wouldn't actually be storing, we wouldn't actually store a reversal and then the new row, or is that what you're sorry?

Matthias Miller  1:17:44
Okay, you would store either a partial, partial or complete refund, or you would store a new row, right? But realistically, when would you wait? There's no pro. There's no possibility of ever storing a new row. Is there not

Unknown Speaker  1:18:07
if you're refunding, unless you go to refund and you end up paying more,

Matthias Miller  1:18:15
which you can't do, because it's a refund Exactly.

Speaker 3  1:18:20
So it just be recalculating. Essentially, pop open the prior payment, recalculate it and

Matthias Miller  1:18:29
okay, but you could the person could modify forgiveness.

Speaker 2  1:18:42
Mm, modify your forgiveness. I forgive you, but I'd like to modify that now.

Matthias Miller  1:18:49
I don't forgive you anymore.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:52
I want to refund on my forgiveness,

Matthias Miller  1:19:00
in which case, if you forgave one fee, if you reduce the forgiveness on a fee, you could conceivably add a new row for that fee.

Speaker 3  1:19:15
Oh, that way. But do you want to let Why would you change the forgiveness On a when you're refunding

Matthias Miller  1:19:27
passive aggressive customer service rep?

Matthias Miller  1:19:52
Okay, well, let's do this. I think we have a path in which, theoretically, it could be an acceptable level of complexity, not. Sure, but not within our time frame, and in the short term, a full refund. And probably, and that can actually probably be something pretty simple, pull up the receipt, have something like he full refund, and, you know, boom, it disappears. But we still need refund rows. Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:26
good. Sounds

Unknown Speaker  1:20:29
good. Thank you. Thank

Speaker 4  1:20:30
you. I have a question with clear into explore pay. How close are we to actually being able to start poking test payments and that type of stuff, like with the onboarding.

Matthias Miller  1:20:45
So I don't feel like I've got a good handle on anything. I don't think there's anything that's really stopping you from Dwayne. Is there anything, any any reason not to just go run with it. So let me, let me just run around a few things. It's it's clear, slash, explore, explore, pay. We need a way to store user identifiable payment methods, tokenize, for example, on the customer RG of description and IE, Visa x1, 234, expiration 1224, something like that. I think that's acceptable. And then we need a read, a hidden token, probably a primary checkbox, sorts to the top. Only one allowed, and then probably want a field expiration date,

Matthias Miller  1:21:54
method or credit card, slash ACH if needed. I'm not sure.

Speaker 2  1:21:59
Well, at this point, probably I don't, I don't know if explore pay does Ach, but I was thinking we probably would go through I check gateway again, since that is accounts that we already have, both in in assist and also in in RTO Pro. So I

Matthias Miller  1:22:21
wonder we want to merge the processor record with a RTO company friendly name, and then I don't know how we want to handle credentials, probably in whiskey land. Actually, I don't think we want credentials in the database.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:43
So from

Speaker 4  1:22:45
what I'm seeing below, we are the ones thinking through auto pay, and then we just go to we automatically go to explore pay, or whoever's a processor when we think we should run we're not relying on them for auto pay.

Matthias Miller  1:22:58
That is correct. Okay. I do think we need, we need some kind of merchant processor list. I think, I think it can be as simple as at this point, as simple as just explore pay and eventually, and how do they, how do they capitalize it, but potentially, I check gateway, how do they capitalize it? Explore pay, so that we know that which which token goes with which, and it also needs to go on the payment. This also needs to be a payment record, I think, okay, biggest issue that we have with assist as well is that there's no clear message. So do we know? Was it a credit card issue? What specifically was it bad address, NSF, whatever? Was it silver loom issue, one of the how do we handle fallbacks if you want to, if we fail to import slash record of payment? This is an idea. I don't know if we want to pursue it, but what I've done, done in the past is you can have, could you know first pass X 30 contents to an s3 suite bucket. So we save results and then then have a process to import plus archive items from SV bucket, something like that. Or, you know, if, if we're concerned, I think the biggest thing is, what happens when somebody's the customer portal and we're doing a rebuild, and somebody clicks to pay and. Or is there a two step that we can do? I don't know, but we don't what happens currently in Assist is that there's no clear message. Nobody knows. Was an issue with the information? Did it succeed or fail? Or was it just, we just couldn't import it? So there have been instances of multiple $2,500 security deposits being run at the same time, and then that's a very bad customer experience. Generally speaking.

Speaker 4  1:25:29
I'm curious if explore pay would have an API that would allow us to check and see, hey, do you know of any payments that we don't yet have in our database. Yet, something like that could be pretty clean,

Matthias Miller  1:25:44
sure, like a daily slash, hourly sync, or something. I would think something like that seems, seems sane. I like I like that. It's a great approach. It doesn't require messing with history. We need a settlement record, so RTO company settlement date and then link, probably link to transaction and the related in the and the fee. We do need a way to model refunds and settlements,

Matthias Miller  1:26:22
and then first iteration, full refund on a single payment.

Matthias Miller  1:26:34
And the goal here is to make it there's any place that we want bulletproofing like let's please still return something to the user if, like, if there's a processing error, let's return it. Let's tell the user as much as we can about it. If there's a if we can't push it to silver loom, let's please still like, let's not throw an exception there, log it, whatever needs to happen. But let's, let's return so that they get info. I think, I think with that, with that in mind, I think it's, I mean, there's definitely some, some things that aren't completely clear. Settlements can be pulled nightly or something big.

Speaker 4  1:27:32
One thing that I am thinking about is the customer portal. It'd be nice to have some good spec on that, just in general, like what you want to see, because there's sort of a design decision with how much overlap, or how much, like, what level of waiting do I give to the payment page or the portal itself, with authentication and stuff. So be nice to know exactly how much is going to be in there, because I just took a guess at it. But for spec, but I don't really know.

Matthias Miller  1:28:04
So, okay, obviously, I mean, obviously, there's some things like they shouldn't be able to forgive payments, they shouldn't be able to do refunds, but Dwayne, is there any reason why we wouldn't just let people basically access the payment page as it is, in their own customer portal, with some restrictions.

Speaker 2  1:28:23
I mean, it's, it's a little bit complex when we get into, you know, well, as long as we're saying restrictions, ie like, you can't, you can't your period amount is the amount if you if you don't want to pay the late fee on that, well, then guess what? You've got to call into the office and negotiate with a customer service rep. So if you've got, you know, three months past due, like you all that, all of that, all the functionality that we have around forgiveness and, you know, adding or sorry paying out of security deposit, or things like that. It's that's those that's functionality that's not going to be there. It's like you can make a payment. You can see what your account history. You can see your EPO, your contract starting balance like you can see things about your contract, but when it comes to making payments, we're expecting that this is a very stripped down version of the regular payment

Matthias Miller  1:29:29
portal. So presumably it's something, something along the lines of minimum payment get fully caught up or custom amount, and if you put in any custom any amount that you pay, we just use standard logic, no forgiveness, to figure out how it should be applied. And if you need anything other than that, call the number

Speaker 4  1:29:50
and other pages, okay, so other pages for stuff like contact information, I'm.

Matthias Miller  1:30:00
Um, stuff like that. This should only be used to inform your merchant processing at this point. And I think there's still talk about Dwayne and I still have not designed out exactly what the customer portal is. And I think there's still talk about getting Justin Reese involved to do some UX type of stuff. Okay, so what you need? Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:30:29
all right,

Speaker 3  1:30:31
we'll drop unless there's more for us. I think so.

Matthias Miller  1:30:36
Okay, good. Thank you guys, yep,

Speaker 2  1:30:41
dude, we're cranking anything we need to polish off, because I need to drop here, like, very, very quickly, soon.

Matthias Miller  1:30:48
No, just recap the sales taxes in your court. Yep, we got a bunch of work there. I think I can work with what's his name on with stuff on cleaning up some of these. So this stuff this week, we'll be talking tomorrow. I think, good, good,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:12
awesome. Bang it. Banging out this stuff.

Matthias Miller  1:31:17
Sweet, sweet man tomorrow. Hey, one question I did have, and you can get back to me too. But for the 23rd Do you know what time of day you're going to want to talk like do you want to talk before 11am

Unknown Speaker  1:31:33
I failed. We are pushing

Matthias Miller  1:31:36
to the following week when, oh,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:40
this is isn't that the week that you're out

Matthias Miller  1:31:42
potentially, but listen, this is a long story, but I may potentially not be out. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:49
The day that we plan to be in office is.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai