Unknown Speaker  01:11
You apparently don't trust me anymore because that this loud female voice tells me there's a recording in progress. I'm just messing with is it come back here come to me so what's our agenda today? All right, well, I should say I should say, Do you have an addition to what I had said I want to talk about I don't. Fantastic, then let's see if we can knock this out. And I can go back to what I was doing so we can keep this

Unknown Speaker  02:03
short. Sweet.

Speaker 1  02:07
checking up on on the coding for the RTL contract stuff that Nick was doing. Pulling it up now. I know that Josh has been hasn't done an update since 1962. But don't know where I got that number from, but it just sounded fun to say. It was actually October 21. But whatever. almost a month.

Matthias Miller  02:31
A is he?

Speaker 1  02:34
Did he fall off the face of the planet? Like I've sent him several emails. Josh

Matthias Miller  02:39
talked to him yesterday. Well,

Unknown Speaker  02:43
he was supposed to talk to me at four o'clock yesterday. And He completely forgot.

Matthias Miller  02:48
He was working. Yeah. Let's chase him down. He ended up talking to me about stuff. Somewhere in there. I'm not. So looks like none of that has been all that's approved. But none of it has started. sort of timeline you need it by yesterday, huh?

Speaker 1  03:17
What is there? Is there a projected time on that? Or is it is it just as needed? Or what? What's the HUD? How does that get kept? How does that get figured?

Matthias Miller  04:00
Let's see Let's do this. We can't do this which one in particular disabling BW F and security deposit? Creating RTO vendor invoice or flag RTO buildings and sales orders? It's

Speaker 1  04:21
all kind of the same. I mean, it's all kind of the same, same thing. Well, I mean, yeah, I mean, it's all part of that whole RTO stuff that we need done. Okay. I mean, I'm waiting on the component side so that we then the next step is to get it implemented on the whiskey side. Do you have snow on the ground? Yeah. Do you really mean such as rolling across?

Matthias Miller  04:52
You can't see it now. I mean, not anymore, but we did this morning. That's something I've seen now. Yeah, we got a little bit of snow yesterday to do

Speaker 1  05:01
It was a slight bit colder. I think we probably have snow right now. It's like on the edge

Matthias Miller  05:12
Yeah, Mike said the mic gave I don't remember who, saying the North Carolina guys are shaking in their shoes. Indeed. All right. Indiana email sent ICCU. Keep it simple. Roll, Indiana marketing. We're starting to roll out campaigns and marketing.

Unknown Speaker  05:32
Oh, what do you say what Indiana market send

Matthias Miller  05:35
an email, I send an email to you on the RTO stuffs. I send an email to Nick and LSCC. And you have got asking about the timeline on that. Okay. Indiana marketing stuff. Let's see. So we are starting to roll out the they're starting to roll out these ads and getting ad spend rolling on that. So it's underway. I don't really have more of an update besides that.

Speaker 1  06:14
Has there been has there been discussion about? I know, somebody said something. I don't remember the timeframe on renaming lots in that whole transition timeframe. What

Matthias Miller  06:25
nobody's spoken to me about that. I mean, in my opinion, you guys should do that sooner rather than later. But

Unknown Speaker  06:33
who's quartz that in?

Matthias Miller  06:35
Not mine. I'm online marketing. I'm not brand merger. So Mike Calvin and GAID.

Speaker 1  06:42
But you're currently you're currently dropping ads in the Indiana area for truepoint. Right? Yep. Okay, part of me gets really worried about that. About what nobody's talking to me about when what it's probably it's, it's probably by default in my court, I should probably just go bang on the door until they get it done. It's probably what needs to happen. But whatever. Let's talk about my conversation with Robert yesterday about sharing info. So

Speaker 1  07:36
it's a rather funny conversation. So their, their position is basically this, if you want to know what we're doing. We'll be glad to tell you. So if you want to, if you want to ask questions I got I don't have liberty to tell you whatever you want to know. I can't What short of I can't give you marketing material they paid for otherwise, they don't care about what, who knows what they're doing. So okay, cool. There you go. So, it's like, so what are they doing? Are they your face was hilarious.

Matthias Miller  08:28
I mean, what percentage of prospects will be texting back? I want to know the process of engaging with prospects as soon as they get the lead. Getting in touch with him.

Speaker 1  08:41
So I don't my biggest opinion as to why that that gene is actually selling as well as he is because Jimmy is a fantastic salesperson. And Jimmy actually did a lot of this. Before they actually launched their online thing like he testbed this idea. And he is literally there every single day sitting beside Jean coaching him through it.

Matthias Miller  09:14
So can we get Okay, so?

Matthias Miller  09:23
So it's a learning curve and coachability issue coaching issue? Um,

Speaker 1  09:27
yes. Is there a is there a I think there's a component piece. I'm not sure to what degree that component piece is with Jean sitting at a physical lot where he can go out and touch buildings and actually see them walk through them. Is he is he more capable? Can he more confidently answer questions that customers ask because of that? Right. I do think it plays a part of this too. Well. degree, maybe 20%, maybe 20 30%. But it is an edge. I think there's an edge with Jimmy sitting there constantly looking over his shoulders and kind of directing that conversation. That's a piece. I don't know if there's really any on the side of what they're doing with their type form, except for I do think, and I think you've made some changes on this real reason, I haven't gone to look at it, but I do think they do a better, they did a better job of setting expectation of the dealer contacting the customer back. Whereas we, we kind of had this on the truepoint side where it felt like, I'm gonna fill this out, and I'm gonna get information in my email, you know, of numbers, not the expectation of a dealer contacting them.

Matthias Miller  10:53
So is that on their thank you page? Because the get free quote goes straight to the page. So it has to be on the thank you page.

Speaker 1  11:03
Well, I think it you will, you can go look at what their what their thank you page says. But that also that they ask for what is the preferred form of communication? I think

Matthias Miller  11:15
we started asking for that. Yeah. Thank you for receiving someone from your team. Here we go.

Speaker 1  11:25
Here's, what are they saying? And they're in there? I'm not even going to get a jump on there. What are they saying?

Matthias Miller  11:30
Your message has been received and someone from your from our team will be reaching out to you shortly. If you would like immediate assistance, please feel free to reach out contact us by phone at or email at.

Unknown Speaker  11:40
What is our say? Checking or what is tripoint? Say I say ours through points.

Matthias Miller  11:51
Thank you for your quote, we'll be in touch with you as soon as possible.

Speaker 1  11:56
Do you think there's Is there any bearing with it being embedded in the website?

Matthias Miller  12:04
We could test it. But here's the thing, though, the percentage of qualified and unqualified leads, I had a conversation with a guy earlier today. His thing is, he's like, you've eliminated every technical and process problem. He thinks. So are you sure this isn't a mindset problem?

Unknown Speaker  12:24
Okay, define mindset, on whose side

Matthias Miller  12:27
like Marissa, and oratory think it's hard. And because of that, they unintentionally introduce steps to make it more difficult than what it needs to be. I would agree. So how do we so who's the right person to get them out of that frame of mind? I think like how can

Unknown Speaker  12:44
I? I think it's a confidence thing.

Matthias Miller  12:47
So how do we give them confidence? Like, here's my thing. I don't know that I'm not. I don't consider myself to be superior, superior ly confident. And I'm in my head too much. But nonetheless, I've got five to 7pm Eastern time, I can call up people that haven't been responding unqualified leads who haven't been responding who said they wanted it this week or this month, and I can even get ahold of them and start a conversation with them.

Speaker 1  13:15
Okay, so here's, here's the piece I if you if you ask Dwayne, what is the piece that's actually making the big difference? Jean has a builder a guy who's built sheds sitting beside him, coaching him on how to respond to customers. I don't know that you can trump that. It's a confidence thing. If he says if a customer says well what about this he's got Jimmy right there beside her with the builder who says oh yeah, we've got blah blah blah blah blah blah blah

Matthias Miller  13:54
so then what we should be doing is we should really be building out well does New House want to turn on call recordings? And can we get them?

Unknown Speaker  14:12
New house is not on three CX currently

Matthias Miller  14:17
doing it from his cell phone.

Speaker 1  14:18
That note? Well, partially Yes. But a new house was the original dealer. It's tied to their Grandstream system. We're slated beginning of the year to convert them to three CX. Oh, so that would have been really really good. Man, that would have been fantastic.

Matthias Miller  14:42
Because it sounds to me like what we want to do is we need to library resources is one of the reasons why even I had hesitated you in making these calls because there have been conversations that have been had with Mike, where Tori and Marissa and learning things but it hasn't been documented. And I want a I want to wait to say, I want to wait for people to be able to, within seconds, find the exact answer. And I know that even that few second delay can, might not be, might not be good. But within seconds find a definitive answer to questions people ask every possible question people people can ask.

Speaker 1  15:27
Understand what you're saying, that being said? It's okay, so, okay, here's the deal. Its tone of voice is someone who has experiential knowledge of the thing that they're selling, I can confidently say, with a tone of voice that breeds confidence from the customer side, ie the builder. I built the building, I know how the thing goes together. I know where the screws go, I know where the nails go. Like, you can say things with a confidence at that point, that I don't think that Marissa or or Victoria are ever going to have until they like, I think you could get them they're like, it's a two part piece. It's a knowledge piece. But I think this the value that in some way, okay, if, if, if I was in charge, I would say send them to me. Take them to the shop. Spend a week there swinging a hammer. See how a screw goes together? Touch the wood smell the wood. It's all that it's that pieces that give it a another level of confidence.

Unknown Speaker  17:04
Okay, for example, look at look at look at let's look at ginger sales. Last week so she did 44,000 last week. Yep. 4041 Well, she wasn't 44 So I wonder what happened. One of those 40,044 41 41,000 If you go to Ohio Jean did I think 44 Shane did 48

Speaker 1  17:45
The correlation between ginger and Shane. Robert and I actually talked about this, Shane has a like, to him. It's it's like, it's my thing. Like i i live breathed this. It's like my business I he is he he stays excited. He is excited. And he feels very in touch with their company culture. In Ohio. Same thing, like on Ginger's side. I've spent a lot of time just pouring into her on how to take steps forward. But the piece I never had to do because she sits there on a lot she can touch that product any day that she wants to she can walk out there walking in a building, she can see exactly what it looks like smells like feels like I think it's the piece that Victoria and Marissa are missing is that experiential touch of the product that gives them that confidence to really bring the customer around

Matthias Miller  18:49
and you don't think it's possible to do that without getting them on site

Unknown Speaker  18:57
I don't I don't think I don't think so.

Matthias Miller  19:04
If we told them

Speaker 1  19:05
they need to sit on a shed light I don't think they need to like I feel like you spent some time with the product walk through them. And but Marissa

Matthias Miller  19:17
had that infamous day when she visited Ohio live

Unknown Speaker  19:21
yeah

Matthias Miller  19:27
so why didn't that translate or is that not enough time?

Speaker 1  19:30
It's not enough time. I think it needs more than like than just kind of buildings.

Matthias Miller  19:39
So what you're suggesting is let's take the product training day and let's rather than having Mike do it over the phone, have him literally we've we fly him on site for a day or whatever it takes. Have them literally spend a whole day to matching feeling every last building, he shows them every last thing he can possibly think of to show them and see if that makes the difference okay, but

Speaker 1  20:21
what else could it be like they've sat there and they've listened to the stuff from Eric Hunsberger. They've heard the same stuff like Ohio is not doing anything special the wildcard from a state like you've already given them everything the same material that the same material that that Eric did for that you've given to them. It's the same stuff that Ohio's listened to. The only difference between what you're doing is Gene sitting at a sales lot. And he's got to build a right beside your type forms and your websites are basically the same. Your follow up stuff I can promise you is basically the same except for that, like you're late to the game on text messaging. Yeah, so

Matthias Miller  21:11
they're texting more people than they should do Anna possibly, and possibly texting more people than they should?

Speaker 1  21:19
Oh, probably. I would imagine I've listened to some of viruses, follow ups, voicemails, there's nothing inherently wrong with how your people are responding to customers. I think it's it's a tone of voice confidence issue. And I do think there's Okay, so the text messaging thing I messaging thing I do think is an edge that you need to get up to speed as fast as possible. For some reason, it goes along with the methodology of I went to a website, I filled out a form I get a text message, I communicate by text message, I don't want to talk to somebody it goes along with kind of that whole mindset of marketing and sales that seems to attract a particular brand of people Yep.

Speaker 1  22:36
I mean, okay, that and Jean comes through is he selling before, he has a fairly extensive background of sales. Does that play a piece in this? I mean, sure. But I mean, that's, you know, that skill can be honed.

Matthias Miller  23:08
So, in your ideal scenario, how many days how many days would they spend on a lot how many days would they spend in the shop?

Speaker 1  23:28
Don't me this Yeah. Me and B I should do this. Hey, Robert. Hey J in an effort to try to smooth things out with North Carolina Would you be open to our people sitting with Jimmy and Jean at Apple creek for a couple of days? I don't I don't know that Mike would bite for this though Woody. I'll push work do that would be like let me let me Oh, man. This is this is we are in way in gray territory if I if we go for this, but it would be the way to do it.

Matthias Miller  24:30
Listen, if there is anything I can feed back to them. I liked the idea of the animosity between Ohio and North Carolina coming to an end. I mean, let's stop the Cold War already. If there's anything I can feed back to them.

Matthias Miller  24:55
There's no reason why this has to be one sided. huh okay,

Speaker 1  25:06
riddle me this riddle me this, I'm gonna go way off in great territory, all right? This, this is way in great territory. If you could get Mike on board, the way you could get Ohio on board is say, Hey, I'd be willing to talk to Lindsay at fierce creative and give her some of our methodology on why we're pulling in so many leads. Now, I'm not asking you to put Jonathan to that question. It would be it would be from you. Because I mean, I know Jonathan that there's no way he's gonna want to talk with her on on what he's doing.

Matthias Miller  25:40
Okay. So that's

Matthias Miller  25:48
I don't know if I know the full answer to that. But I could probably take a look at the account and give her some ideas.

Speaker 1  25:56
Well, I Okay. The big thing that and Robert and I've talked about this, but the big the the biggest difference right up front between the way that she currently markets on Google, and the way that Jonathan currently markets on Google, is she markets based on a territory and kind of targets around that territory with and Jonathan targets much more from ad campaign concept. Like he says, Sure, I'm going to I'm going to target in this area, but I'm looking at what kind of ad campaign actually works for that area. And he's consistently split testing for that.

Matthias Miller  26:31
He's, he's, he's absolutely split testing.

Speaker 1  26:35
Yeah. Dude, I know, I know, we're way off in gray territory on this. But if if there was an exchange of information, you may get the best experience and training for your online salespeople and an exchange get something that Ohio is just drooling over to figure out how to do better.

Matthias Miller  27:09
Jonathan would roll over and he's not dead. He would roll over if you're worried roll over in his grave if he found out I was thinking about this.

Speaker 1  27:17
I know, I told you it's way off in it. We are we are way across grey lines on this one.

Matthias Miller  27:25
Okay, but it still goes back to this basic premise of Let's bury the hatchet. We're not at odds. We are still the same company trying to achieve the same thing. And I mean, are we not? in some fashion.

Speaker 1  27:48
Yeah. And it so I wish I could get Mike Oh, I wish I could get Mike over some of his feelings. Like and I know that some of this is rooted in childhood stuff with between him and j and then being cousins and you know, you know how cousins stuff can get. So, it you know, my conversation with Robert yesterday was basically I wish we could figure out a way to bury the hatchet. Like if you want to give if you want to tell him what we're doing. We don't care. Have at it. Like we're over this thing. I know. It's like, it's hard to figure out a good way to really bury this hatchet. In this like, if I could Mike's gonna be the hard one to sell on this thing. Because it's, it's deeply it's more deeply rooted probably for him than it is ever for Robert and it's and for Jay like that. So I don't even know if he would even go for this idea. But you know, what, you know, you push for it? I think I think I could sell it to Jay and Robert with the with the trade off being you have a conversation with with even if you had a conversation with Robert not necessarily fierce creative, like if you wanted to give kind of a mental download of kind of the methodology straight to Robert, on on how you do things. You don't need to tell him exactly how I mean it's it's it's a it's a concept.

Matthias Miller  29:14
Listen, it's not most of the stuff in marketing, by the way, doesn't ultimately come down to rocket science. It comes down to learning some fundamentals and learning how to use them effectively. And if I just told them how to apply 8020 to sales and marketing that's 80% of the conversation.

Speaker 1  29:37
So I mean, but here's the thing, if you give him a good solid talking point argument to go sit down with fierce creative like that is that is valuable methodology to him that he can then go push fierce creative with.

Matthias Miller  29:55
Well, he doesn't know I mean, he doesn't even have to know this but there's absolutely nothing proprietary about any of that. I don't think

Speaker 1  30:11
agreed. But fierce creative is very young in their methodology on Google Marketing. And they liked them. And the key piece, I think the reason the key piece that they like about fears creative is they can go tell her to come sit down in their office anytime they want. I mean, that's, that's hard. That's hard to Trump.

Unknown Speaker  30:31
It is. Agreed.

Speaker 1  30:36
But I mean, that being said, I do think we figured out how to get like all of this. If you and I make an effort to kind of iron some of this stuff out, you get some things that you want, they get some things that they want. It just lends credibility for you and me.

Matthias Miller  30:50
It really does. Um Okay, so. So the step for me is what? Going back to them and saying, I think the issue here is that well, we think the fastest way

Matthias Miller  31:37
you know what, we'd be one step better. Now, I'm really asking for the moon. Can Mersive take taken field calls from your office, per week?

Unknown Speaker  31:55
Tell me what you're thinking.

Matthias Miller  31:57
Just takes a laptop. So she gets to listen in is to be part of the conversation. She fields calls, like, basically, they're training Marissa. And at the moment versus accessible. That's the That's the beautiful thing. Now Tory might fly fly there for a week, I don't know. But if we could have just one person trained and skilled at this, if Marissa gets started in Marissa can start closing. She can also be the one to put together the training material for the rest of the team

Speaker 1  32:23
Senate Senator Ohio senator. So if we can sell this idea, send her out there for the week, put her up in Mount Hope motel have her there for a week. And she sits there with Jimmy and Jean for a week helping field calls, helping have them help her field our calls or truepoint calls. And in exchange, we'll sit down and give you our methodology on producing lots of leads. Dude, if I was on Robert side, I take that deal i i am. If you're into this and you can sell Mike, I am pretty sure I can sell Robert J.

Matthias Miller  32:59
Well, here's the here's the thing. This is not something to sell. Mike, this is something on Friday sales call be like, so tell me if this is passive aggressive or not. But guys, here's what I've been thinking. I've been breaking down, what's the difference here in there? And we do it on the call with Gabe, Calvin, Mike. And Wayne has been jumping on so and bring it up to them. Here's what I think the difference is? And can we you know, I'm personally invested. I know this is you know, I'm giving away some of the, the, you know, there's a secret sauce, but I'm willing to do this on the marketing side. And I think this would be and then if we can sell them on the idea. I think it's better to sell them on the idea of let's pour energy into Marisa have her be the expert and she can be the one they already believe in her have have her be the one who puts together the training and trains additional salespeople from that standpoint. And I think she has the wherewithal to do that. Now if we want redundancy we can see if we can play Tori and as well

Speaker 1  34:06
in exchange in exchange, put a timeframe on the amount of times that Robert gets to sit down and just pick your brain on on how to do on on getting their mark to producing way more leads out of their marketing a you give me the thumbs up and I'll start selling that.

Matthias Miller  34:30
Does the Friday meeting thing sound about right? Or is that going to be create friction if I spring this idea on? Mike?

Speaker 1  34:40
I would I would think go straight to Mike on this one. It personally that's my personal opinion. Okay. I'll do that. And here's an here's the here's the play, I think Hey, Mike talked with Dwayne And he was given freedom by Robert to talk about what they're doing in Ohio. And we cooked up this idea and Dwayne thinks that he can sell Robert and Jay on it. And if you're game for this, here's what we want to do. And see. I know he's gonna be really hesitant to do it

Matthias Miller  35:30
but I don't know it's worth a shot. Do you see any reason that Jay and Robert would object to Tory being there as well?

Speaker 1  35:42
I don't think so. I do expect Mike to have more objections to this I way more objections to this idea than then Jay or Robert is going to? Because I know I know. I'm I'm answering a need that's bugging them right now.

Matthias Miller  36:00
Yeah. Because it's eating Mike too, by the way so So hey, understandably um,

Speaker 1  36:09
I love this idea. This was gets me a little bit giddy at the idea of seeing if we can get these guys to work together a little bit. We might we might find ways to bear their hatchet.

Matthias Miller  36:21
No, it'd be amazing. I could only talk my wife into into this. Just taking the time away from family.

Unknown Speaker  36:33
I know exactly what to do. That is exactly what you should do.

Matthias Miller  36:37
We play in there as well. Yeah.

Speaker 1  36:42
Dude, and that's the time that you sit down with Robert as well.

Matthias Miller  36:48
And say, Robert, anytime you want to pop your head in this week,

Unknown Speaker  36:50
dude. I would I would drive to Ohio for that meeting.

Matthias Miller  36:57
Is how much would you do it there? Just the first day? I can't be there the whole week? Not realistically.

Speaker 1  37:08
Yeah. You don't need to be there for the whole week. Can you do three days?

Matthias Miller  37:15
I don't know.

Speaker 1  37:20
Hey, I got Wi Fi. You can keep working. But if I could do if I could put you me and Robert in the same room for a couple hours. I mean, he would get so giddy at this idea. I promise you this would be in exchange for a week of having Jimmy and their gene worked with with their dude, I can sell this idea. It's getting better all the time. Well even got a good coffee shop right there. Thanks, man.

Matthias Miller  38:09
I'd be surprised if I could be there. What's it goes is airport. Columbus.

Unknown Speaker  38:13
Yeah. I'll come pick you up.

Matthias Miller  38:17
I'd be surprised if it's more than a day

Matthias Miller  38:27
all the talk about talk about what is the one thing that I could do that guarantees online sales success? It is this I just don't know how to. So you think three days would be enough?

Speaker 1  38:47
So, three days would? Okay, two days? Let's just say two. How about two days? A day? Well, I mean, it's really I mean to account a travel day or three days anyway. So if you figure a travel the travel day and and two days there, you're three days I mean

Speaker 1  39:12
I mean, to on it, think on this, dig on. This would be I'm gonna what time What time are we supposed to be done? But five minutes? Five minutes here. Yeah. The last piece I really want to talk a little bit real quick. It's Mike wanting to bring brick and mortar dealers in the CRM. I need some time with you to kind of see how that's working on the restricted user side and kind of get a feel for that because I I knew where we were going with the whiskey side of things, but I haven't really paid attention to with it being done inside of assists now. So I just kind of need a little walk through. Kind of prepped for the idea of bringing dealers on board for that.

Matthias Miller  39:55
Well, I think

Matthias Miller  40:03
How soon do you need that?

Speaker 1  40:09
Mike wanted it by the wants to kind of consider it by the second of December, kind of start rolling that out.

Matthias Miller  40:19
So I'm guessing we should probably.

Speaker 1  40:27
I mean, there's some implications on lead routing probably then as well, but I'm imagining that that's his. I don't know, I don't know what it takes to turn that on for leads coming into. Is there is there back in like assigning for that, that, you

Matthias Miller  40:47
know, I mean, it's just like, it's whatever I, Nick, Nick, fix the zip code thing that you were running into when you tried to do it. It's as simple as that.

Unknown Speaker  40:58
What the thing I was trying to do on which document

Matthias Miller  41:02
you were trying to update, I mean, the zip code routings matter of updating the district record with the right zip codes. So that and then he's making a fix for that. So the row that was the one I went, and

Unknown Speaker  41:13
it flipped for Kelvin, and that didn't work.

Matthias Miller  41:17
Yeah, sorry. Okay, got it. Let me I'm out Tuesday, Monday. So we're gonna have to figure out a time to do that this week. Let's do

Matthias Miller  41:42
tomorrow afternoon is going to be a bit wonky. Are you available? Can I text you some time from three to four? Tomorrow?

Speaker 1  41:52
Yeah, let's see to see did when are you thinking Thursday or Friday?

Matthias Miller  42:01
Sorry, I was thinking tomorrow, but

Speaker 1  42:03
tomorrow as long as it's like, from one to about three, I have calls anything around other than that, I'm good.

Matthias Miller  42:24
Okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna send you.

Unknown Speaker  42:33
Wednesday is tomorrow's Wednesday.

Matthias Miller  42:38
I'm gonna send you an invite for three, but realistically, it's going to be a little bit later and we'll just paying and see what see where you're at? A few minutes later. Cool. Good.

Speaker 1  42:55
Appreciate it. Good. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  42:59
Okay, awesome.

Unknown Speaker  43:01
He's there. We'll be in touch. Yep. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai