Unknown Speaker  00:43
Good morning. How's it going, Matthias?

Matthias Miller  00:46
Hey, good morning, Mercer. Hey, how are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:49
I'm feeling more human today so that's

Matthias Miller  00:53
that's a good direction to

Speaker 1  00:55
like being being human. Definitely a good direction No, I definitely I think I turned the corner. So getting getting stronger. Good. Good. How about you? What are you drinking there? You got a cup of tea or

Matthias Miller  01:09
coffee? I got some. I tried some some kind of shy here. Sorry. Let me let me let these people in, of course, need to look at the package to figure out what this actually is. I'm not sure what I think about it. It's like a salted caramel latte mix. Sorry. It's far from Chai. Yeah, it is.

Unknown Speaker  01:31
It is it dissolvable like it was a packet. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:33
it's Yes. Back and just dissolvable me.

Speaker 1  01:36
That's me. Good morning. How are you?

Unknown Speaker  01:39
I'm good. How are you? Are you better?

Speaker 1  01:41
I think you're healing prayers. Were very helpful to me yesterday. Thank you. I'm getting stronger. I don't I can't say I'm at 100% yet, but I'm definitely improved. Oh, that's good. Glad

Unknown Speaker  01:54
you're progressing.

Speaker 1  01:55
Yes, thank you. For sure. Oh, I must admit Matthias I'm loving this new phone and texting platform. I love how it's linked to Active Campaign. But I have to admit I'm starting to reestablish kind of like a workflow rhythm when a lead comes in and kind of where where to house all the communication. So I might be fumbling with that a little bit today, just trying to pick up the correct flow and understand where things are automated, and where things are automated in the sense that they're being, you know, auto recorded or like the texts that are going to import at the end of the day. So just trying to re accustom so it becomes a little more autopilot. I do really think that we have a great a great resource with

Matthias Miller  02:59
you guys have. How's it been? Have you guys been able to do any texting? Curious? That's been?

Speaker 2  03:07
Yes, I sent out about five yesterday. And I actually included like a screenshot of what they're looking for. And just saying like, Okay, this is, this is the basics right here, but Oh, great. And add things. I didn't hear back as of yet. I mean, you're viewing it. I'll follow up with a call today just to see, you know, if they were able to look at it and look over the text message and things like that. So

Speaker 1  03:40
cool. Tori, as you create it those texts, and sent screenshots. I mean, how easy. I haven't sent new screenshots yet. But I'm assuming that a JPEG, any type of screenshot captured will transfer just fine through the phone. I don't know if a PDF would or

Speaker 2  04:10
yeah, I'm not sure. ETF back. I tested out a screenshot I send that to my iPhone. Fine, but cool. PDF thing because I'm curious as well to see.

Speaker 1  04:25
Okay. Wow, cool. And thanks for testing it with your own phone. That was a good idea.

Unknown Speaker  04:32
looking crazy.

Speaker 1  04:37
Right, right. I still have very, very strong fish on the line right now with the two gentlemen we've been talking about throughout the week. And there. One question I had Tory actually was for you. Jonathan Reed will be applying for green sky. And I just wanted to get some anecdotal feedback from you on how that went. It was your first client in the application process. Can you kind of give me some of your experience there? I don't know why I just feel so nervous getting them on the phone and walking through such a formal application. Oh, what a screwed up?

Speaker 2  05:12
Yes, for sure. So if you go to your phone, and so you can either choose if you want to walk the customer through the process, or just send them over the application. Okay, so my customer is on a phone call, I asked him what plan he would be interested in, okay, and went over the four different plans that I'll be interested in this one, and this one, he was in between two at first, I ended up calling green sky and seeing the best way to go about that. Okay, and then that, just choose one plan. And if he doesn't like it, he can always switch over. So it's a specific plan. And then I just sent the application over to him. So you just like their name and email address in green sky, was it? Yeah. And then he just filled out the application. And then I think it was like a day later, he showed up in my portal. Okay, you like recent applications?

Unknown Speaker  06:07
Yep. They have that? Screen? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  06:10
Author, side. Okay. If you just want to walk them through it, you'll need.

Speaker 2  06:17
I started that process. But the customer was saying it'd be easier if I just sent it over to him. But you're like is the last part of your social, you need a lot of information from the customer? So,

Speaker 1  06:29
right. Okay. Well, this gentleman's pre tech savvy. So based upon how successful it was for you to send it, I may end up just doing that today, because he and his wife, I believe his wife will actually be the applicant for this loan, so that might help her be a little bit more at ease and just doing it herself. Yes. Okay. Okay. And then the options for these plans. I mean, I've kind of captured them as like a screenshot on my phone. I didn't see any other place that really presents this. I guess I see six different plans they can choose from.

Speaker 2  07:09
Yeah, I didn't see any more information on it either. I just kind of just went through each one. Just said what it was pretty much. Sure. Okay, the 999 to mark. My customer.

Speaker 1  07:25
Then entered to Okay, interesting. Okay, perfect. Well, thank you that

Unknown Speaker  07:32
that hill? No, I did very much. Thank you. You're welcome. Sorry, I'm catching my breath, though, guys. I had to hunt the next thing.

Speaker 2  08:13
For the backyard financing with the merchant? Well, the new the new option we just received. Is that on if that's fairly simple to walk the customer through Matthias Dino, or is Michael on the ball? Is that just over? Just like,

Speaker 3  08:31
I am on the call? Sure. So that we were talking about that this morning, actually. So that thing's brand new. And it we've just been set up. So have you received a link from Burkholder. To get set up, each of you would have to be set up like as a user. And

Unknown Speaker  08:54
actually may have,

Speaker 3  08:57
if not send a message out to Leanne Burkholder at Oracle management asking for them to get you set up as a user. And then it works. But you have to log in actually, we should probably do some training on that. It's probably what we should do probably get Leann to do just a little bit of training that but basically what happens is, is it functions similar to the direct to consumer, but we're sort of as a merchant. So now we have some of our credentials that we can use to get better reach for the customer. And we have different functionalities there where we have settings we can set so currently we set the maximum financing rates that are going to be offered to the customer at 12. 12.4% so that if there's other offers that are more than that they're not even visible seems like really, from feedback we've been getting getting approved for an 18% is not really invigorating, maybe we rather the opposite. So as our to enter test period will be limited at 12.4. And there'll be, well, we want to give feedback. Now, as we started offering this customers, we're starting, we're offering it at a brick and mortar stores as well this week, and gain feedback over the next seven days from an application when somebody puts in an application, how many offers are coming back? And what are the rates and then based on that, we have some functionality tweaks that we can make, based on the feedback of exactly how we want this to look then so. But I do know that each user does need to be set up as a user, so a link would be sent out from Leanne at Burger management and maybe what I should do, I'll just reach out to Leanne after a call and see if I can have her send you those links to get you access. And get started that way the first step

Unknown Speaker  11:18
was great. Great, thank you.

Speaker 3  11:22
And the great thing about this is the rates are supposed to be a lot better than the direct to consumer. And it is soft check. So really exciting. And we're dealing with a bunch of different banks, we just need to figure it out how many offers are we actually getting back but we do have after we have some feedback from offering this to multiple customers. If there are certain financial Institute's that we see or see or clear wins every time, we can limit ourselves to certain financial Institute's that we want to deal with that we also have functionality to do. So there's a bunch of different tweaks we can make as we go through with them but sort of excited about it on the soft check side.

Unknown Speaker  12:06
Yeah, that's great.

Speaker 3  12:11
So for note to get began to send I'll make that happen. Also on you, for you, Tory I thought maybe I've seen apologize this morning. And within a call, which when you sent those questions in, I thought it might be able to just talk about that just briefly for your customer. Go over that for Steve, bro. Does that? Yes. So two questions were how high are the ceilings? The standard comes six foot, if you add the taller wall, it makes it seven foot and that's the actual studs. So you have an additional plate at the bottom and to the top. So realistically, you have six foot and seven foot plus four and a half inches.

Unknown Speaker  13:20
Okay, what's foreign having to just switch our okay.

Speaker 3  13:24
So if you don't choose the tall wall, you'll have a six foot stud 72 inches plus the four and a half inches. And if you choose taller wall, it will be seven foot plus a little bit little four and a half. hitter. Got and then the second question looks like he was asking Will the show be okay, on blocks? Like a normal setup? And the answer is? Absolutely. Will it be okay 99% Of our sheds get set up that way. And can he drive his truck in there? selects the correct floor options, the upgrade floor options. Absolutely. Do that. And then he says will it be visible? Yeah, well be noticeably seen? And the answer would be again, yes, you will see those obviously the more the more awful level the site is from one side to the other. And the higher up the toll side is the more blocks will be exposed. Now, the way that people overcome that if they don't like what they see is have you know, underpinning installed to finastra facts so that would cover it up. Like people would do like you know portable offices or or whatever. Okay, the same scenario. Now, I can send you a little picture of an example of what a setup looks like actually have one that was just recently done. Oh one But it was done in the woods, maybe similar to what his would look like, I'm going to send it to you right now. And you can tell me if you can see it good enough. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  15:09
that'd be great

Speaker 3  15:30
and I have a copy of it as well. It may not come through really nice but should be there shortly.

Unknown Speaker  15:45
Okay, I can see that pretty good.

Speaker 3  15:49
So it would give him an idea of cinderblocks underneath it what he would see. So it is isn't a woody setting there. And then he could cover it up by doing some underpinning his natural fact.

Unknown Speaker  16:02
Okay, thank you?

Speaker 3  16:49
Question they didn't have Matthias was for you was? I've been thinking about how much impact does do Google reviews have on? The customers that we're talking to? They fill out a forum we talked to them? And bringing them up to the finish line? How much impact is or does reviews have on their decision?

Matthias Miller  17:25
Well, I'm gonna guess the credit for we're gonna get guessed that anything that we can do to improve that is going to is going to lower resistance along the way. I think the big question that we have right now is what is the

Matthias Miller  17:48
what are the variables between between dealers versus online sales versus Ohio online sales? And so I think it's important. I think it's something we should involve in our follow up process. I think we should have a focus on building it. I'm not convinced that there's much that we can do right now. To to improve it. But I do think it's well worth building it out.

Speaker 3  18:22
Sure, a way that we could. It does. Is there a way that it seems like going back to farm and obviously we have a lot of history of sales for you know, that we've done in the past, but going back too far is probably not the best idea probably to do it. When it's fresh. It's probably

Matthias Miller  18:38
Yeah, we did

Unknown Speaker  18:39
market uses problem.

Matthias Miller  18:42
We did market research with former cus former Chiplun customers in preparation for the direct mail campaign and there were a shocking number of people who didn't remember that you put in brand at all. And so I think from what I've seen at least we're not making a an impression that's I mean if you think about well, yeah, we're not making an impression deep enough that six months later they're likely to write a better than average review I don't think

Speaker 3  19:22
but it seems like every sale we make which we made a couple now we've made two is great. catching those in making sure that we have something in place to follow through and those is great and is the right thing to do. One question I did have is should we have with insurer should we put a program together as well for brick and mortar dealers under truepoint to also be actively pursuing trying to do the same and do that as well or in Just the waters, let's do it with the online sales. What's your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  20:12
Yeah, I think absolutely anything we can do, I think anything that we can we can do to build that out. Typically, I mean, asking for referral, and making sure the customer is satisfied, and if they are asking for review is a small amount of investment, and here's what's here's the upside about two point merging, you know, merging with heritage is that these reviews can then be shared across multiple locations. So as whenever you sell a building in Indiana, and you get a positive review, then it helps the rating in North Carolina and vice versa. And this is a form of network effect, in which case, you have win, okay? If you have three, three shed companies, and they all have about the same number of reviews, you're just going to pick one. But if you have three said companies, and even if one has three and one has 15, that's immediately going to stand out. And so you start this positive feedback loop, people are going to go to the 15th. And the 15th is going to grow to 2550 100 500, et cetera, wherever it's, however far we can take it. And so and so it really is, it is one of those things that can take a bit of time to get the snowball rolling. But when you when you do get the snowball rolling it, it really proves to be its compound benefit.

Unknown Speaker  21:55
Good agree. So I think it's fantastic. That Eddie, do we talk about that any specifically? How we're going to handle that

Speaker 3  22:08
on on these two sales that we've made now? And labored? How specifically, do you have something specific in mind exactly how you want to?

Matthias Miller  22:22
So there's two principles at play in this number one, I would separate the is everything. Okay, question from Can I have a review? Or referral question? So what I would do is I would probably the day perhaps the day after delivery, call him up. Maybe it's the day after maybe you leave a day, I'm open to feedback, I don't really I don't really know what's best. But very soon after delivery, call them up and say, hey, just want to make sure. Have you liked the building? Are there any issues? Are there any issues that are hesitant to let me know? And then if they're happy? I don't know whether it's putting together a card with, you know, if they are delighted, but putting together some kind of card or email or something like that, that goes out to them? And says, By the way, thanks for your purchase, take it take a quick second to to review. And inviting them to. Yeah, to finalize that review.

Speaker 1  23:39
Just a trend in a minute when a building is delivered. What is the kind of closure of the operational loop? How can Tori and I track the sales that we've completed all the way to the point of delivery? Do we need to set up an operational process with Lindsay and Karina, on when that delivery is occurring? Or is that something we can monitor in assist in the sales portal side? I don't know what that looks like, you know, in a couple of weeks from now, once the building is built and actually put into position

Matthias Miller  24:22
one possibility would be to have so currently, currently, when you close and opportunity, you're we disregard I believe we disregard it in the 2d report. But one option, actually, no, we don't. We include, I believe if you have a closed, I'd have to test this. I believe if you have a closed opportunity, it will still show up in your TV report. And so what I would propose would be a nightly process. We should be able to as long as as long as you opportunity's tied out to the the sales order appropriately, that we have a nightly process that looks for delivered buildings and adds a follow up task to that opportunity.

Speaker 1  25:18
So if my understanding what you're saying the sales receipt in Assist is where that note that change occurs, it it confirms that it's been delivered in that particular area.

Matthias Miller  25:35
Generally, yes, technically, there's actually a building a building record associated with Justin, that tracks the location of the building. And that's, that's where it lives.

Speaker 1  25:47
Okay, that makes sense. And then what you're proposing is that we kind of auto generate it a notification like, Hey, this is buildings been delivered. prompting the to do for a phone call to make sure everything is in good, good shape with the customer.

Matthias Miller  26:04
Yeah, and follow up. So that works. As long as all of these do get tight out accurately. And we have we don't have direct linking a secondarily, a secondary good solution to would just be a daily email that tells you which of your sheds have been delivered today. And that would actually be probably more foolproof.

Speaker 1  26:28
Sure. Would I would favor that, I mean, it's a heightened level of customer interaction. So you know, something is thorough as a daily email saying, Hey, these are the buildings going out today. I think it would be good, especially as the pipeline continues to fill. And then my operational mind is thinking, you know, building is delivered on site, the customers had interaction personally with the delivery team. And then they receive a phone call from Tori, or myself or, you know, additional teammates that say, you know, congratulations for the building went up great yesterday. Do you have any questions or concerns for us? Let me know. And then, would you would you let me send an email or a Google review? I feel like keeping it Digital's important instead of giving someone a card, because then that just puts the burden on them to have to go, like, follow the QR code or whatever directs them where they need to be. And just kind of keep it as like a thank you. Digital. Thank you, within the link to leave that review. What are your thoughts on?

Matthias Miller  27:41
This brings up a former conversation, and I'm sure I've got the notes somewhere. I don't remember exactly where we landed, like, maybe call me. But we had talked about. So I'm a fan of NPS, I don't know that we have to do NPS. But if we if we had a way to send them, we had some kind of trigger, that you could send them an automated email that says hey, can you please? How likely are you? Are you to review to review this click? Yeah, net promoter score zero to zero to 10. And then if it's a nine or a 10. So if it's either way, we might. Well, you and I have also had this conversation, we think we need to two things we can think, think about the big broad scope, you can use Net Promoter Score. Okay, so I think I think having a single number that people can quickly check and figure out and express where they're at. I think having something simple, easy and fast is extremely helpful. For people who are willing to provide more detail, how much more detail can we invite them to give them to give us before they start dropping off? Somebody gives us a nine or 10, then then is it better to ask them for? A, well, the easiest request is to ask them to say Hey, can you leave us a Google review? Glad to hear if it's below that, then having some kind of

Matthias Miller  29:27
common you know, some, you know, do we break down based on on production, how the building was actually put together on delivery and the sale the buying process? And or freeform comments. Sorry, go ahead.

Speaker 1  29:42
Yeah, it sounds like it's taking two pathways. You have a positive net promoter score, you're headed the direction of a Google review, letting them kind of take ownership of that because you know, it's gonna come back solid, if it's a mediocre to poor network. motor score. We would like to gather feedback, but not through the channel of a Google review more. So maybe a survey or something that we can better judge what caused a low net promoter score? Overall, is that right? Matthias? That's correct. Okay. Yeah, I'm completely agree with that as far as form and function. I do think that building this team being that we're, you know, Customer Success oriented, it is important, I believe, to keep the level of personalization as high as possible. Even though we are a large company, having the familiarity of you know, Tori sold the building to Casey, Casey knows Tori, Casey trust Tori, they've gone through the financing together. I think having that phone call from Tori, after delivery day, is a big part of what will help us win higher net promoter scores, because it's not anonymous, and it doesn't seem like spam. It seems personal. So I'd like to try to track that, you know, building delivery since case is kind of the first one out the gate Tory. And just see what kind of success we have with that. If if we create. We create something by the time delivery occurs that would allow Casey to rank us, you know, one through 10. But also, you know, conversation, I think you'll know really quickly if he'd be a good candidate for something like a Google review.

Unknown Speaker  31:39
Yes. Yeah. Yeah, we should do that. For sure.

Speaker 1  31:45
Yeah, I've even thought of including reminders that are touch bases leading up to delivery day because you have such close, close contact with guests in designing the building and implementing the sale, and then it kind of goes dark for maybe four to six weeks. That's a long time. And they may be maybe having you know, a two week or three week outreach just to affirm that relationship and also affirm you know, the, the quality of the logistics team that will be working with them. Because people getting antsy once they pull the trigger, they're, they're gonna start to be like, okay, when is the building coming? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:31
I haven't heard anything

Speaker 1  32:33
yet. Exactly. Just to kind of persuade away from any negative emotions that are resolved in patients which we humans don't like being patient so yeah, that's that's how I would approach it if if possible Tory to add some gentle touch bases leading up to delivery day.

Speaker 2  32:59
Yeah, I wonder if we could get updates on like the rest of the building maybe we can call them in kind of keep them updated on that

Speaker 1  33:09
Miko, what is that like, once the building begins to become constructed or move through the pipeline? What is that like?

Speaker 3  33:20
So, if you sell a building, this generates a delivery window, that delivery window is a very accurate reflection of when the building will get built. Be it for that specific shop and the production. So really accurate window that you will be given from assist of when that building will be built. So delivery the delivery window will be following that. So B is a gotcha, Davin bay window beyond that. So Weather permitting it gets it will be delivered within that window. So after the building gets built, then logistics reaches out to the customer and schedules, that delivery based on the availability for the drivers, the availability for the customer to take it and the weather. So those three things are negotiated together. So if you wanted to reach out to them throughout this process, that would be fine. But that would be typically 98% of the time building won't get built until right at that were that big a window of when it will be completed and then obviously doesn't schedule until it's over okay.

Matthias Miller  34:53
So the only thing we could really say if we wanted to give them give them a sense of progress, we can't tell them oh your lumber. arrive today. But we were we could tell you, there are X number of sheds in front of you. And then a week later, there are a wide number of sets in front of you. And now there are, you know, or your, your better way to say end in line. And then a week later, now you're misplaced in line. And then after it's been built than we say, you know, we're the, probably at that point Dilijan logistics team has already been in touch with them, but building is is built. And here's where it's at. Mike, what are your thoughts about some kind of communication along those lines?

Speaker 3  35:42
Uh, sure. I mean, one thing we could do, Shannon, here, the operations manager here, Ross's you, you could call him at any given point throughout this process, and just say, hey, Shannon, just wanted to confirm that we're still on target to hit our deletion date. And he can literally pull his report. Get through, he has reported his desk anyway, he just took it off of his his desk, take a peek at and say, yep, we're still in, we're still on target to hit your date or something like that. That's been projected on your invoice. Or if there's any updates, or whatever you could give you on that, if it's early, he could say actually, we're going to be three days early coming through. But you could get accurate physical updates from Shannon. any given point here at vital structures, like v3, 11 336-468-4311, and just getting accurate updates, to personalize it, if you would, like.

Speaker 1  36:55
That's excellent. I think that would be very meaningful to a customer as we proceed with this, you know, relationship building type of sale, as opposed to a one and done and forget about them. It'd be nice if there thought that is occurring to me is maybe providing them either physical material. I'm not sure what was the packet that was sent to me, Michael, during training included this really nice, clean page about delivery. And it was just kind of a a brief, I would say, or a primer, that perhaps sending them something physically, maybe the halfway point, you know, if they're waiting six weeks, we send it on week four, or three in the mail to them to remind about preparing the site and just general expectations around delivery. Not sure if logistics already does that. But I can imagine that continuing to cultivate their, you know, positive expectation for delivery day, as well as help them be a better customer to us by, you know, getting work done in advance that might need to be done.

Speaker 3  38:12
You think there's there's value in an advantage of sending a physical went in the mail?

Speaker 1  38:20
I do I do. Yeah. And I think it could come from Tori arrive, we kind of have a little supply of those on hand. I don't see why that can't be mailed from us. You know, we can include a note to them of gratitude. There's, I feel like just some easy wins easy touch points that can build a very high net promoter score through that waiting process.

Matthias Miller  38:49
Mike, here's an example. Here's an here's an example for you from what this might look like from other avenues. But I don't know if you guys I know you guys have had conversations with rosewood in the past. I don't know if you've gotten their, their their box, which they use predominantly for prospects, not for customers, but they have all of the nice, really nice brochures and materials and lots of different things that they put together. And it's nicely done. It's elegant. And it just is an expression of value. And I think something like that. adapted for what we want to do here could be Yeah, I don't know if you guys have gotten anything like that or not. But if you have it gives you a little bit of context of what what can be done at least.

Speaker 1  39:45
And I don't suggest that to drive up expense by any means because I know that can be both labor intensive and expensive to deliver something physical to the client. But I think as simple as to me it's more about the consistency And because we are online and they haven't walked up to the lot, having that stickiness with the customer throughout their waiting period, I think it's really important.

Speaker 1  40:14
Yeah. And happy to help alleviate the burden to if you know, I'm accountable for a sale or Tory's accountable for a sale. I'm sure we can take care of the logistics of those mailers if necessary. So it's less burden on, you know, the Office team in North Carolina.

Unknown Speaker  40:34
What if I would send you some literature, both ease and literature that you can be getting out per your discretion once and the works best and be back we'll be able to create something that's bringing the best reviews back.

Unknown Speaker  40:58
I think that's, that would be awesome. I'd welcome it.

Unknown Speaker  41:02
Likewise.

Speaker 1  41:06
Good. Mathias, have we collected net promoter scores in the past? Nope. Is there a vehicle that you're in favor of for? You know, responses.

Matthias Miller  41:30
I have not really given much thought to vehicle for responses. There. There is a there is something that I've had squirreled away for some time that I want to take a look at. But and pull it out, pull it out and set it aside, because we're already there. I wanted to wait until we're closer there to build it out.

Matthias Miller  42:03
I have to see if I can find it. Do you have any? Do you have any thoughts on that?

Speaker 1  42:08
I don't, I don't have a tool. Honestly, I was trying to what I was wondering if it needs to be as simple as something like a Google form, where we just have a few questions for them to, you know, answer with her a rating of some sort. I didn't know, you know how sophisticated or simple gathering that info could be.

Matthias Miller  42:30
I know that. One of I know reviews, the IO is is one review platform that's been used and think it has some Google integrations. But I haven't taken a look at what it actually does and how it works.

Speaker 1  42:52
Sure. Okay. Well, we have some time, obviously, that took Casey satirized on his lot.

Speaker 1  43:13
Conversation team, can you believe it? We're not talking about how buildings are built, but how customers that I've been sold. Our handles. That's great.

Matthias Miller  43:27
Good. One last thought I wanted to throw out there. So. So Daniel is actually working to see if text messaging can be integrated to your current phone number. So we'll see how that goes. He's working on that today. Mike, I think he'll be in touch with you or may have been in touch with you already on on the compliance, form and submission. With that something to consider, is it worth? Is it worth at some point sending out an email to people in the pipeline saying, Hey, by the way, you can text me now? And if so, who should? Who should those those people be? So? I know we're over time. I don't know that. I need an answer now. But I wanted to at least sure that thought is yeah, for consideration.

Speaker 1  44:17
Gotcha. I have a question to clarify the question. The email, the phone number that you're referring to that will be integrated. The three CX phone number, will that cease to exist. And then the phone number that guests would need to enter into their cell phone to call us or text us would be the new number that we have established with sales message.

Matthias Miller  44:49
Daniel's trying to I'm not sure what I just did. Daniel's going to make a way that we can continue Using the we can use the three CX numbers through sales message without needing to directly port them over.

Speaker 1  45:10
Oh, I see. Okay, so it would remain a three CX number.

Matthias Miller  45:17
Yes, I think he's doing that via perhaps via some kind of bridge that forwards things over or something, something along those lines. So I'm not I'm not sure the exact mechanism that he's that he's trying to do, you would still continue to use three CX I'm sorry, you will still continue to use sales message. But somehow use your three CX number.

Speaker 1  45:39
Okay. So he has not yet reached out? I think that to answer that part of the question.

Matthias Miller  45:50
Yeah, he's, he started working on it yesterday. He's working on it more today. So cool.

Speaker 1  45:59
Just thinking about notifications to clients. I'm assuming that we could be pious if we create a tag in a client record, and then have a way of emailing that tag, just a simple notification, is that kind of the best operational method to kind of gather names into a basket? Then notify them all at one time?

Matthias Miller  46:36
Like, if you're wanting to, if you're wondering, wanting to mass communicate with a bunch of them?

Speaker 1  46:43
Yeah, I'm trying to I guess, identify the question that you had about, you know, how do we do we just blitz them all at one time with a hey, you can text us now? Or do we just kind of new inquiries? What I've

Matthias Miller  46:58
been doing, what I've been doing is, so I mean, I can export email addresses and lead status from from the CRM and I imported that over that Active Campaign, and that we can run rules based off of that. So we can do anybody who has. We can have anybody who's who has an assigned salesperson. And who is not one lost or abandoned, and sent them the email about the text messaging. And just let them know,

Speaker 1  47:32
Tori, what do you think? I mean, I think part of the challenge is that we are pursuing text messages because emails aren't being answered. So I'm wondering if we need to be more. and I are going to be more. Yeah, I might

Speaker 2  47:56
be more so through conversations, like, you know, given their authorization through conversation, like moving forward, are you okay, with text messaging? You're in there, right? Or you're receiving text messages? Because I don't know that they would, you know, reply to the email or text us because they got the email, that they're able to Texas? I'm not sure. I think it might be better through a phone call. When we get them on the phone.

Speaker 1  48:23
Yeah, or even in niche. I agree with you, Toria. And I also think even an initial invitation text, not met on mass, but say, you're leaving somebody's voicemail you cannot connect with? Or is there just no response whatsoever, and just leaving that hook? And hey, you know, I'll try shooting you a text message today. Just shoot me back a text. If that's more convenient, you're just very gentle, open handed subscription. So that when they do that is their confirmation of their acknowledging, okay, we're texting now.

Speaker 2  48:58
Okay, right, because I guess the problem is getting them on the phone. So

Speaker 1  49:02
I know, I know. But I feel like we voice that in a voicemail, or voice it in an email, personally, and then do shoot that text message off. So I guess besides to your here's your question, I don't think a mass notification would be beneficial, because they're already not responding to those portals or channels, that if we were to then personally kind of pivot that communication channel using Active Campaign and the messaging system, I think that we might, we might get some fish on the line.

Matthias Miller  49:41
And so then follow up question from there. I had a conversation with Mike and the rest of the team on Friday about so so we've been we've been kind of taking a look at what are the what's the variables between this two thing that we're building out one of the goals of this team from from the beginning is we want to build a scalable team. And and, you know, this comes down to the onboarding process, the process oriented wave of approaching these leads, etc, etc. And for sake of comparison, it's this is not an apples to apples comparison. But, you know, we've been looking at what are things that other teams, for example dealers are doing that we're not able to do? Well, there's some of the things we'll never be able to do, we'll never be able to show somebody a building, but text messaging came came out of that, that there's, there's a lot of text messaging that's that they're doing. Same with, same with Ohio, Ohio, had a had a salesperson come in and take over all the active leads from another salesperson and start closing them immediately. Now, so what are variables there? Well, we don't know exactly the sales process? Well, we do know, his sales process, the sales training was exactly the same as what would you guys had, as far as Eric was concerned? Was his sales approach high, you know, higher pressure, you know, pushing people forward harder, possibly, we don't really know that. We also know that he, he was using text messages to close these deals as well. Now, with that, we're going into text messages from the standpoint of from a more conservative standpoint, ie, we're actually trying to, which is what needs to happen, we're trying to comply with with the the opt in requirements, which means that, realistically, we can't. Whereas, you know, a number of months ago, before being aware of this requirement, we probably we might have been texting 80% of leads, I'm gonna guess that number still is going to come down to 20 to 40%, at 40% on the high end. So with that, I've been wondering, what's the best way to? Where is the? How do we identify what, what are the variables and differences between what we're doing here versus what other people are doing elsewhere? And if we don't know where those variables are, how do we find that. And one possibility that I'm open to doing is I've got some time from five to seven Eastern, because I'm in Colorado, where I could be spending some time on the phone, either seeing if. And there's any number of ways we could use this time. One could be, I could literally call up prospects and work with them to close the deal. Or I could work with, or I could use that time to see if we can get a hold of people who are hard to reach any other time. Perhaps perhaps it's almost like the idea of an appointment setter. Where, except that, you know, the main goal is can we get permission to text during that time? And what does it take to win them over? So I would like I would love to have you guys's feedback on number one. I'm really interested in figuring out what are those variables? Where we're, you know, where are we diverging? I do. We are clearly hitting starting to hit a stride here but hearing your feedback on that and then number two, hearing your feedback on from from you guys's perspective, how would my time be best utilized if if that becomes available?

Unknown Speaker  53:58
Digesting those questions.

Unknown Speaker  54:01
Got to think about that one.

Speaker 1  54:06
Okay, so I'm going to tackle the smaller question the five to 7pm. You know, where can efforts be placed? There's potential that using Active Campaign, there's a feature for tasks. And those tasks can be shared across multiple users. Unlike assist where everything is siloed, based upon the salesperson I can't see Tori's lead. She can't see mine. Matthias I know you could see both because of the managerial and administrative level but for scalable team, if there's a way to tag someone or notate you know call after five, perhaps Tori and I can hit our lists with people that we think might benefit from that. And then pass those off to you for the next week. And you know, see if you have any success with that, see if it actually hold holds true. And they really do pick up the phone. Sometimes they don't. We could we could attempt that from a perspective of, you know, better targeting conversation time with people of any and also utilizing that tool that is, you know, scalable with multiple people accessing tasks, it kind of a workflow pipeline. So you have multiple managers over one guest, essentially, working as a team. I think that would be a good experiment for the coming week. What are your thoughts on that story? As far as the latter part of the day? Question?

Speaker 2  55:43
Yeah, no, I think that I think that will be worth trying out. It definitely makes sense. Just marking those people that you know, to reach to reach out to within that timeframe. And see if Matthias brown with it. I think it's a good idea.

Matthias Miller  56:05
So Marissa, to your point about being siloed, we can open up, we could open up access to give you guys ways to see each other's leads, that would be helpful. Or we could add add a field to that you assign a follow up task to a specific person as well. Right. So either one of those would be,

Speaker 1  56:29
I think I'm still trying to determine this is a big part of just familiarizing is which which access point is more efficient for this passing of the, you know, kind of hot potato between multiple people in working with one guest. So is it most effective in Active Campaign to notate a task for a teammate? Or is it most effective and assist? My hunch is that active campaign will be more of a streamlined approach, because you need to go there anyways, to see the communications thread. Or ideally, that's what we're, we're working toward, which would be emailing out of there, the text messages are housed there. So when you pick up the phone, you are not cold calling them you're looking back at the history of who has been on the phone already with the guest.

Matthias Miller  57:25
You Yeah, or the other option is putting pushing doing a think the other direction as well, where hopefully, we can exclude we can exclude automated emails, but all of the emails and notes get pushed into assist as well. So I'm a little concerned about I mean, Active Campaign really isn't set up as this is probably a conversation for another day, like, right, do we want to stick with with assist plus Active Campaign? Or do we want to go into you know, do we want to move in a direction like hotspot or some other type of and there's that's a very lengthy conversation and what you run the risk of you end up fragmenting the system somewhere you're either gonna isolate it from the manufacturing side of the of manufacturing and logistics or Yeah, so I don't think we're prepared to go there. I I'm, I'm cautious about we already have follow up tasks in assists, we're already actively using it for that I am cautious about not having two places where tasking live.

Unknown Speaker  58:42
Right. I agree.

Matthias Miller  58:46
So I think in the short term, a very simple short term. Thing is just having a convention of using at Matthias for people who that you want me to follow up a follow up with after our, you know, advertised or any follow up tests you want me to take a look at. Okay, and I can look, take a look at that. Whatever it is. You can leave whatever notes or details that you can that you've got, and then I can be reviewing those.

Speaker 1  59:19
That sounds good. And we would leave that note with an opportunity IT Assist is that correct? Device?

Matthias Miller  59:25
Correct. And the follow up task and an opportunity.

Unknown Speaker  59:31
So if the to do

Matthias Miller  59:34
yes, section so you would, yes, you would, you would continue to see them in your tutor report. But they would have an app Matthias

Speaker 1  59:42
Okay. So thing, your larger question, I don't know if I have the answer to, I think it is something we are discovering together as a team on the comparison between what already exists and what is being built here in the future, I think we've learned quite a bit of how different the two environments are online versus in person. And we're succeeding, and that we are starting to better grapple with our customers needs and problems. And we're able to solve those problems, you know, each phone call we have every morning, we seem to tackle a minutia of an online customers problem. So in that regard, I think we are succeeding over all i know, Matthias, you and I had a conversation about, you know, the, the ratios of what we're seeing seem to be very true to what you would see in a traditional Sales Lead Pipeline, the volume as it grows, you know, you go from a pond to an ocean. So volume indicates a busier building schedule. Seems that Torina have been able to manage to that pipeline so far, as far as volume, just the two of us, I think, adding yourself for a few hours in the evening to, you know, just experiment and see if that timeframe is beneficial, will be good. I feel a little bit behind personally. But that's mostly just from sickness and, you know, getting back up and running, you know it a little bit more of an organized fashion instead of just survival mode for a few days. But by the end of this week, that will be no more. And I think, if I'm understanding your question about how can we what, let me just propose this, one of the things I've been doing, which is sharing more freely, pricing, pricing, I think needs to be shared more freely. And it is quite a operational burden to actually generate a complete quote, because you have to enter the client's name information, email address, phone number, blah, blah, blah, into the dealer portal. But you can capture a screenshot of the invoice outline, which I have been good to send to people that are not responsive to phone calls, that seemed to be indicating that email is their preference. And instead of, in my initial outreach to them saying, Hey, give me a call, it's finished your quote, I'm trying to honor the fact that they've already gone through a questionnaire process and provide them a a sample. And so I'm sending them a copy paste, if you will, of the invoice so they get a number, but then also a link to one of our sample buildings that that number is reflective of so if they say designer metal, you know, with a door on the sidewall of the window on the sidewall, I'm sending them a sample of the Westbury and just accommodating the size that they referenced in their inquiry. And I have not yet seen that be a good trigger for people to call back on, but I only started it a day or two ago. However, I would like to continue because I have had no person respond to the initial test, which I was trying, which was a calendar in the invite. And to get them to, you know, have a 15 minute conversation and send them a tailored quote, as opposed to a sample quote, that fell flat on its face, no one selected calendar really, nothing was booked, it was a complete hard stop, for my opinion for the you know, 30 day trial that I gave it. So this would be what I would consider to be the next trial phase of how to present someone something on their first initial inquiry and get them to respond.

Matthias Miller  1:04:04
Sure, to that, to that point, I will make an observation that with the dealers and for example, with what's happening in with new house, the lead gen process is almost exactly identical. So their leads are not getting or not getting pricing at that point. And and so I think it's right to optimize, but to optimize that process and get them to be able to get them to respond. At some point. It's also possible that well, yeah, but that's, that does not seem to be the variable in this case. And so that's, that's really what I'm trying to isolate and nail down and understand. Does that make sense? I,

Speaker 1  1:05:01
personally am a little lost on the variable. But it could just be, because there's a lot of questions that we've all kind of discussed and proposed, or it could just be me.

Matthias Miller  1:05:13
Yep. Okay. Well, I think I think if you guys want to want to find some people that might even try a blend of perhaps capturing a few of those leads between from five to seven, some of the new leads coming in from five to seven. And there's there are people that you have, that you haven't been able to get hold of giving those a try, and then just testing those simultaneously and see and see what see what I can learn from, from these conversations.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:53
Sounds good? Sounds good.

Speaker 2  1:05:55
Yeah. What? I don't want to tag you in too many of these, because there are a lot of people that I haven't been able to reach. So I'm trying to figure out like a boundary with that.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:21
Well, we could go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:06:24
We could also make this be a combination of I just jump in anybody who might come up with my own filter? How about if you guys have anybody who early on expressed high interest in buying, but they're not yet qualified? And is there any other criteria that we should apply? And can I just go through that list and and grab people? And you know, is it a certain number of attempts? Like at least the you know, I don't know you've attempted at least attempted how many times? Right?

Unknown Speaker  1:07:11
We maybe also go off of how soon would you like your shed?

Matthias Miller  1:07:15
Like, yeah, that's what I was thinking,

Speaker 2  1:07:17
this month, this week, or some of those this year. Stay away from maybe like spring or next year? Things like that.

Matthias Miller  1:07:31
So how many contacts would you like to make before I jump in and see if I can reach people?

Speaker 1  1:07:43
Well, let's put it this way. You have, you have two hours of time, and a phone conversation. If they get on the phone, we'll probably take 15 minutes, so manageably, if we send you a list of 20 people, you know, maybe 10 from Tori, 10. For myself, that should be enough of a runway for at least a evening or two. If you get all voicemails and no responses, we can increase that from there and add to it. But I think a 20 You know, 10 and 10 tag should be enough to you know, have a reasonable time target to hit and see what those responses are that sound fair?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:26
Yeah. Are we thinking per day?

Speaker 1  1:08:31
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking Toria. If we were to assign each of us, you know, 10 outreaches, for Matthias to give it a shot, you know, later today, that would, you know, we'd have some feedback tomorrow for new Matthias to determine how that went. And then we can either stick to similar volume or smaller volume or a greater volume, and move it forward from there.

Matthias Miller  1:08:55
And what I was proposing to simplify it is if I've got some kind of kind of criteria of who you want me to follow up on, there's no reason why I can't put together a report to pull those people that I should be reaching out to. Yeah. But I don't want to, you know, there's a reasonably good chance, go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:09:10
nonqualified would be a wide open lead. Anyone that is non qualified, would be a person that we have not been able to get on the phone. Perhaps they have been emailing with us, but not significantly enough to make them a qualified lead. So I think that would be fair game.

Matthias Miller  1:09:33
Good. Any comments that Tori I agree with that.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:38
I think that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:41
Okay, sweet.

Matthias Miller  1:09:43
Sounds good. I'll give it a shot and see what happens. I don't know how much. They unfortunately have something else going tonight. I don't know how much time we'll be able to book tonight. But for sure. Wednesday and Thursday should be able to do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:57
Certainly. Good awesome guys thanks everybody

Matthias Miller  1:10:06
you bet Thank you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai