Speaker 1  00:01
So here goes my reminding you, obviously that didn't go too well. Yeah, so yeah, I've been thinking about that a bit how. So as far as marketing, marketing cold house, I have a bit of a hard time, I guess putting myself in the shoes yet. I don't feel like I'm involved very involved in and stuff like that. But there's some thoughts that came to my mind. And you know what, I'll just maybe ramble a bit. And we'll find out if there's anything valuable in there for you or not. But Sorry, I think okay, go about isn't probably in three ish stages, kind of what you already did is to open up to a wide audience, to test stuff. And that's probably what I would do, as well, as is open up to quite a wide audience, probably focusing in a little bit on their different fields of possibilities, say the butcher shops, say the construction managers and business owners of that nature. But then, once that, once I would, okay, then then with the ad itself, I'd probably try to target and target them all, at first now kind of to see which which one of those fields but it would have the most response. And then I'd probably go about it by basically using the headline, as, as kind of giving the before and after, kind of like, well, your, your headlines actually did that very well, I think, are giving the after maybe, but kind of alluding to before, but either way, then use a photo, maybe maybe to literally just do software dashboard of I don't know, some graphs that would die, I'm not sure I don't even know how your software looks. But I kind of tried to allude to, you know, being able to do a lot more work in less time. And, you know, the use of a software, I my feeling is that, that you don't want to spend too much money on advertising, especially advertising to people that don't care about it. And so that to kind of sort through that it's probably a good idea to focus on, you know, letting them know that this is a software a software that essentially, and not necessarily an ad. Now, obviously, you could go about it from the perspective of an article. But then it's, I guess, it's that my thoughts would be to use the ad to maybe direct them to the article, which would build more trust, and build the rapport, to show them how you can help them through the certain issue, and then take them to the website or to the, to the strategy session and stuff of that nature. But anyway, after the first phase of kind of testing, which audience would do the best, then I, I think it might be a best idea to focus in really quite hardcore on the one that would produce that produce the best results, the most interest till then. Because then you could focus on your articles a lot more specifically, and your ads a lot more specifically towards them. And so it would probably be less ad spend, but more interested buyers right away. And to do that you could you know, target interest of safer construction. I was doing a little bit of research. You probably wouldn't want to target people that that, you know, like de Walder followed the wall because that's a very broad, broad range like any home Do it yourselfer loves DeWalt or whatever, right? And D will Milwaukee all those. So you might want to focus more on something like what what do bigger construction move fabrication businesses use something like a certain standard like surf prep I found or edge band USA or let's see a couple more. I think it's Osborn wood products, wood magazine. And those ones like if you research or I research these a little bit and basically trying to find trying to find different websites, different businesses that have quite a following of you know, manufacturer type tools, or magazines and stuff of that nature. So that I think could really help target the people that you want. So hopefully to be able to spend less in ad spend and have a better, better read. Well, word is gone. The bait Yeah, have the people convert better. And so then After that, I think then maybe open up to the next next best audience are of that age, you know, kind of take it step by step like that to, to build a good channel for each one of them to bring them in. Anyway, so there's kind of like me blabbering. So take this from a guy who's really never done any successful advertising. But here's the last year last year, I've been listening to numerous uncountable podcasts and, and videos on marketing and stuff like that. I it's quite an interesting is, there's a lot to it for sure. So, anyway, so that's that from this side, and Ciao.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai