Speaker 1  00:17
Hey guys Alex was here when when is it wasn't line earlier is like isn't lovey Yeah. Okay now the hinge

Unknown Speaker  00:41
hello

Speaker 1  00:46
so when Matthias does when amortize so I don't think we have a specific vector for this conversation, I established the defined thing because just think I think it froze dinner

Unknown Speaker  01:07
I'm seeing you

Speaker 1  01:11
Okay, I gotta I gotta kill my video in the evening, my internet just turns grep Can you guys hear me? Okay? Okay. Yeah, so what I'm saying I don't have a specific point that we would like to arrive at the endless conversation, we just want to, you know, get introduced, good people need to know other good people and see if there are some opportunities for us to do something together just based on our experiences, interests and aspirations.

Matthias Miller  01:51
Yeah, sounds right. I think one of the one of the pieces I'd be interested in getting feedback on has been that Alex, I started touching briefly on this has been around the topic of identity resolution and device fingerprinting. So, Alex, is it makes sense to you to kind of dive in a little bit with some of the things I've been exploring longer? Or do you have a different direction in mind to jump off from

Unknown Speaker  02:28
that question to Alex? Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:34
I don't think there's a specific direction. I mean, I know, I know, you're figuring out what your next chapter professionals will be about. We're probably waist up ish for you. But there may still be an opportunity for us to do something together. Or some of you may be looking for someone like you. You know, and we may be able to refer you insert between a project somewhere. Yeah. So So when and I represent measure bits of you, you're familiar with bookmakers, the Google ads and all this kind of stuff. So measure bid is a much more technical. Team, providing purveyor of conversion tracking attribution data, integrate data transformation, like ETL type stuff, services to advertisers. Not as much agencies, although agencies can be our clients as well. But we found way more success, way more traction by working with larger advertisers directly. So typically, those are companies that have in house media buying teams, or they may be working with an agency. But they would have a big enough advertising thing going on and big enough ad spend a lot of data flying through the funnels or pages or stores. And it would be a complicated enough of a Frankenstein monster that would need someone competent to come in and connect all the pieces

Speaker 1  04:25
so I don't know. Feel free to jump in and just do an introduction. We'll ensure

Speaker 2  04:35
just a bit of a questioning for you. Matthias. Alex didn't tell me a lot, but he did tell me that you were kind of wrapping up one type of work and that you were kind of finding a new new direction. I think that's right, just correct me if I'm wrong. What's your focus at the moment? What's your focus in the near future and Let me know whether you think that, that we can maybe assist you in getting to your goal or whatever.

Matthias Miller  05:07
You know? Well I wish I would have a more definitive, clear, exact, precise answer. The just my background has been basically custom business intelligence. For a variety of businesses we've done a bunch of work in. There have been a number of manufacturing types of businesses that we felt that with this is going beyond marketing into more of the order management kind of mini ERP style systems that we build out. And, going going back beyond beyond that, I've got an extensive tech background. Developed financial analytics helped develop financial analytic software for large banks, insurance companies in the US hated coding, but was told I was extremely good at it. Within the software space, you know, the the architect side negotiating requirements with clients, passing things off to a team lead, is kind of, if it's within the software space, that's my sweet spot, clearly know enough to get into the weeds and sometimes do as needed, but it's kind of where it's at. Now. So that's kind of the history up until this point. A little over a year ago, I took on a VP of well, actually about 10 months ago took on a role of VP of Sales and Marketing for one of our manufacturing clients, b2c selling, backyard storage sheds. Overall enjoyed the engagement. But there were some, some mistakes and lessons learned. And they probably should have seen the warning signs earlier, but they didn't take me seriously and ignored, ignored my advice, I need some I'll take my share responsibility for the project didn't didn't go as well as we hoped. And once again, hindsight is 2020. Learn for next time. But I did actually enjoy that, that engagement quite well. But even on that side, where Excel the Excel the most was on the

Matthias Miller  07:44
I still lean pretty heavily into it, tech, tech slash ops brain. I have a long history of boredom. I am I would probably describe myself as not being quite visionary enough to be an entrepreneur by myself, but too visionary to be to be corporate. And have amassed a lot of a lot of things along the way around. Around sales, marketing ops, accounting, fill in the blank, seems to me like my gig, my path forward, currently is consulting gigs, I think it makes sense for me probably to, well, at this point, what I'm looking at doing is doubling down more in the manufacturing space. Looking for ways to build out consulting offers, and are building out a consulting offer in that space, that's more tightly defined to to them. And then using that as a, as a runway towards or as a path to perhaps a some kind of second in command. Well, either VP of Sales and Marketing or some kind of CFO, secondary command type of equity arrangement, if the relationship proves out through a consulting engagement. Now, if you might ask the question, if that's kind of where my path is, I think it's, you know, why am I considering? Why am I so open to things outside of that? I think I'm still I feel like I'm still pretty early, early on. I know a lot of the things that I'm great at. But I'm working to hone that. hone that in. And I think if it's something that's closely related, but not close enough to have actually done it it's where worth, it's worth taking a look at. Because, quite frankly, you don't always know until or you don't know until you take a chance to venture out.

Unknown Speaker  10:14
I think it's pretty. It's pretty close to where I'm at.

Speaker 2  10:21
What's your what? What do you? Why do you think you got a resonance to the manufacturing space? I hear their word manufacturing come up a few times. And what you've been saying, why is it that you've found resonance and then inability to break into that particular space?

Matthias Miller  10:42
Well, between I think it's partially personality and be between the fact that I've spent the last, you know, 25 years of my life, writing code, I'm a very holistic thinker, which means I a kind of best way I can describe the 3d thinker, which means that I've always approached software and code differently than most of my many of my peer developed papers tend to be much more linear. But I have in the whole thing that really clicked for me was when I had kind of this aha moment that everything that I've learned about building software systems applies to business. And businesses, basically system and system of system, it's a complex system. It's an organic system, if you want to call it that. And I enjoy working in that space, much more than in the space of software systems. So it feels to me like there's this way of thinking and looking at the world that translate very nicely. And manufacturing in particular, is one where there's this constant tension of bespoke versus repeatable, but it's very friendly towards it's very friendly to that system's mindset. That, and in addition to that, if I look back over my experience, perhaps, perhaps they just haven't. Yeah, and of the industries that I've worked in outside of software, it's probably one of the it's it's one of the industries I'm most deeply familiar with, especially with within the sub sector of

Matthias Miller  12:52
particularly in the sub sector relating to construction related. thing, or wood related construction, think sheds, trusses. pallets. Cetera. Thanks.

Speaker 2  13:25
And then like then when cut when we first started this conversation, you're talking about fingerprinting and identity resolution? What's the tie up there between manufacturing and you know, construction, and that kind of kind of physical real world stuff with the I mean, with the identity resolution and fingerprinting part?

Matthias Miller  13:48
So one of the things that, like, the client wrapped up the sales and marketing portion of my engagement, they said yes, but there's this one piece that we think there's still a lot of opportunity in. And we were doing culture, we were doing identity resolution on their site, hitting about 50% identity resolution, and they still wanted to, it's nobody in the industry, to my knowledge is doing it yet. And they were looking for a way to further expand lead flow. So the challenge in this particular industry is that there's about three lead gen companies. And it's, it would be impossible to compete with them just as a standalone agency. You would have to dial in your own lead gen. Company in order to compete with them as an agency in this space, but nobody's doing this yet. So the idea is an add on service where we do identity resolution, and there's kind of There's multiple stages of where this could go. Number one, most obvious is cold email campaigns and see if you can warm up cold email campaigns to visitors to their own site and see if you can warm them up to the point of filling out a quote request or booking a call. If if, if and when you get that dialed in, there could be opportunity for an outbound sales team reaching out via via phone calls, which based on DNC averages, it's going to be about 50% of the result traffic. And then option C is once you've got that dialed in, perhaps a direct mail campaign like a one year direct mail campaign, towards the identified mailable addresses which, based on what I've done, the work that I've done with with a worker colleague, it appears to be about 10% of that, that segment. Now, that's phase one, the most directly targeted leads phase two is we also we also may have the ability to identify in market leads, independent of the current of the current website be a shared pixel. And so it could be cold email their their shopping somewhere but not with the client. And warming them up to a point where are getting to the point to consider the client as an option they're already appear to be researching. And if you do that, then you can if if the first phase works with those three sub points, then the phase then theoretically, you should be able to expand outbound into into that space as well. As well as direct mail with some success. Obviously, it's a colder audience. There's a third piece of it, which that is not directly related to identity resolution, but it's still the the customer model is we did work with clients put together a customer model, it seems to me like another great opportunity. It seems like if you if you even if you ditch identity resolution, insured pixels as a data source for leads that it may still be worth taking a look at. Using a customer model to to do either a direct mail list or, or other types of weather, whether it's cold email, outbound outbound sales agents, or direct mail to target households that closely match the customer model, which effectively gives you it gives you a word tightly defined, if you can get it dialed in would give you a more tightly defined or tighter control over your lead flow than than buying traffic. Now this is all so that's where that piece fits in. And I'm trying to figure out, well, is this an interesting direction to go? And something to pursue? Does the client have the r&d budget? To?

Speaker 2  18:30
Are you talking about a specific client or you're talking about just just in general in terms of service that you can develop that would appeal to hundreds or 1000s of clients or something like that?

Matthias Miller  18:41
I have a specific client in this specific industry who is interested in so I feel like at this point, the options are almost too far too wide open, because you could apply for this one client and it's one industry, you can expand it to any client within that industry or multiple clients within the industry. Or you can take it way broader than that. And you could say, well, what are the agent? What are the what are the industries that are already utilizing outbound teams? And can we just feed these are outbound teams or cold emailing? Can we just feed these into into their systems for hopefully an easy win? One additional point to add is that apple looks down on device fingerprinting. So this, the, the the vendor here is is as a data license, feeding data from Salesforce and Microsoft C runs and he's using that to tie into his device fingerprinting. He's building his own businesses on top of the software platform is claimed his A bold claim with this is that he's the only identity resolution slash data vendor like this, who's making more money off the building off the businesses, he's building himself than reselling the data. But there is a risk and liability issue from two points. One is, number one would be getting entangled into federal law that

Speaker 3  20:29
you know, that that would be not good to put it mildly,

Matthias Miller  20:36
getting lapped by Apple, which would also be not good. And third of all, the entire business model is built on a great edge. So it's a possibility that it's a money ride for a few years. But then suddenly, for some reason, there's an uncontrollable technology shift, completely independent of the Feds or Apple, that makes it no longer be viable. And basically, the business dries up at that point. So I don't see a way to create a moat around it. And so bottom line, what I'm trying to figure out is,

Speaker 1  21:16
well, bad news that as well. So the good news here is that there's probably no way to build a moat around any business today. Because of the I know, a lot of that seems like it's, you know, when penetrable it's, it's going to be gone within six to 12 to 18 months from now. So, you know, if you can see fast wrap up to launching and making money with it, that's pretty much all you should be looking for right now. Like if if it's on if you need to launch now, and then you'd only want to start making money in two years that that's way too much risk, in my view, given given how flex everything is right now.

Matthias Miller  22:02
To your point, Alex, I do think there's a chance that this could be an extremely profitable short term even if it even even if it's as little as 369 18 months it could be an extremely profitable right in that in that period

Speaker 2  22:24
what other moving pieces that you would need let's say that you are able to figure out all the tech in a timely manner all and maybe all the connections all of the data flows all of that what how would you manage ties that you feel comfortable enough talking about that? You know?

Unknown Speaker  22:54
Well

Matthias Miller  23:02
seems to me right. I mean, most of these current current pricing model is based on dollar per result, identity. Retail Price is $2 per result entity. I've got a revenue share with I'm I'm because they came in on the founder plan, I've got healthy commissions with the ability to adjust prices play with prices as a as they want or need to. And so so that's where the monetization comes comes in. And clearly there's going to be some, you know, setup and wiring and things things required to to get that work. And that might be some of that might be customized on a per client basis. Then the question is, well, seems seems to me like the the question is, where do you find people who are already running cold email campaigns or already running already have outbound sales agents where it would basically be plug and play for them to start using the data source?

Speaker 2  24:21
Right, how would you go about doing that? How might how would you go about mining that on a way that you're able to find people that have well trained competent outbound sales that they had a high enough reward per whatever to make it worth him plugging into this? How do you find those people? How do you find those teams? How do you find those organizations? And then how do you create a what he call it like a sale I guess sales we reaching out to those people and then, you know, and then what kind of format how you're going to sell them on on a partnership and what kind of terms? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  25:14
So quick short term potential wins, could be looking for folks like Cole Gordon, Robert Posey, other folks like that, who train outbound agents, train, train and replace about agents. And seeing, first of all, what they have folks who'd be willing to pilot. And then second of all, if that proves be successful doing a webinar webinar with their folks with a case study.

Matthias Miller  25:55
The other option I can see, which isn't super direct. So you may have some perspective here as well. But you could also this is a much more in depth search, but just looking for people who specifically mentioned that they were doing outbound on LinkedIn, looking for companies that have employees like that listed, and then going up the decision making chain by the decision maker, and doing highly targeted outreach to them highly personalized emails and messages. I mean, clearly, there's also the possibility of doing, you know, reading, or putting Google or Facebook. Ads for this as well. But that's,

Speaker 2  26:47
it seems like the LinkedIn, that LinkedIn, was that thing that they the subscription that LinkedIn runs crossed with some other software? Yeah, that seems like a doable strategies, especially when you're talking about high value targets, it seems to be a pretty reasonable way of doing things I know, people that have built their entire agencies around that one approach.

Unknown Speaker  27:19
Yeah.

Speaker 2  27:30
I guess it all comes down to probability timing and opportunity cost, you commit to this, you know, and then what is what else could you be doing if this thing doesn't work out the exact way that you thought it would? Or if it was unforeseen complexities that slow down your development, taking it from three months that you envisage the bean to being like more like two years, and then that time something else comes along like ai 100 X's and can now do magic and pull rabbits out of its ears?

Unknown Speaker  28:04
That's fair.

Matthias Miller  28:11
And there's a race in this industry, I'm sure. Well, along with that there's a whole bunch of demographic and psychographic information. The founder is looking to add AI components, such as personalized landing pages. But again, that's an uncontrollable risk, it's not yet developed. And I'm positive that all the other identity resolution vendors are looking for other ways to integrate AI as well. So

Speaker 2  28:44
Oh, yeah, absolutely. They all see the writing on the wall, either adapt, or you did. What kind of money you're talking about in this industry, you know, rough ballparks in terms of what your what your you know, like what's what's attractive enough for you to draw you in this direction

Unknown Speaker  29:14
so

Matthias Miller  29:29
All right, well, like the subscriptions for this typical client, from what I've seen ranges anywhere from 2500 very much in the bottom end up to maybe 10 to 15k.

Matthias Miller  29:58
You know, what well, looks looks Like options in and opportunity cost I mean deeper I go into the consulting route more and more I'm looking at

Matthias Miller  30:24
I think it's it's it's not unreasonable to be doing consulting with solo or small team if you get a good offer and you can value price it to net somewhere from one to 3 million a year and have relatively low headaches so

Matthias Miller  30:52
you know, at whatever point he starts getting above that you're building out a team and you got to figure out whether skill is actually what you want

Matthias Miller  31:09
I think a lot of this stuff in terms of

Unknown Speaker  31:17
Well, I don't know

Matthias Miller  31:26
I don't know exactly how

Speaker 2  31:30
many Fridays is a significant you know, it would be a good business you know, even if it was your fallback doing consulting, you're able to clear that kind of money if you're saying knitting one to 3 million that's that's a good business. You know, because that means that you're making a lot more than that. You mean if there is a bigger business possible and they're somewhere as high as consulting

Matthias Miller  32:01
say knitting knitting knitting 123 Yeah, three might be on the high end but it just depends how I can bundle Oh no,

Unknown Speaker  32:11
no

Matthias Miller  32:12
yeah, if you can bundle additional services in

Matthias Miller  32:27
if with consulting I feel like I've got a much higher degree of control over the business

Matthias Miller  32:41
I I own the knowledge I have the expertise I own the trusted group of advisers and vendors that I'm willing to bank on that aren't going to flake out on me the the upside of this would also be that the there's there's zero fulfillment in the process there's very little the project manage its onboarding and client success and not much else, perhaps going to bat for clients if if they're not getting the attention that they need and using using my own influence to try to get features push through but

Speaker 2  33:39
what do you need? What do you think you need roughly you know, what do you think you need or suffer in terms of time and also resources people that kind of thing?

Unknown Speaker  33:54
Really good question.

Unknown Speaker  34:35
So if

Unknown Speaker  35:11
Good answer on that

Speaker 2  35:39
Do you have a team at the moment that works with you on your on your other stuff? What have you got?

Matthias Miller  35:43
Yeah, I do. I've got a team that works with me on on the software side of the business intelligence slash databases that we're developing I have I just hired a project manager three months ago to help on both the consulting and the software side of things as well I am so there's some possibility of utilizing utilizing her what most of my team is we're running really lean so most of the team has very few additional cycles to give yeah that's good.

Speaker 2  36:34
That's nice to know that your team is dialed in

Matthias Miller  36:41
to do what they're doing Yeah. I feel like we're doing a lot with a little so yeah.

Speaker 1  36:49
So what's gonna be your role in all this? Like are you gonna be like a bar for this guy gonna be reseller guy what would you bring to the table as on? You know, the hustle

Unknown Speaker  37:00
reseller

Unknown Speaker  37:03
you just gotta be yourself

Unknown Speaker  37:04
okay

Unknown Speaker  37:09
and how was he selling it now

Matthias Miller  37:15
here in there I don't know that he has any specific sales plan at the moment he's okay his he's using it to drive his core businesses one of the things that he's selling right now is the employee retention tax credits and he's using this as the engine to sell that which is which seems to be it's it's not gonna last long but it's been a good ride well, it's it sounds sounds like it's been a good ride what's happening his goal with reselling at this point he's believe he's got somewhere around a million a month in data subscriptions that he's offsetting that he's taking out of his companies or where he's ultimately wanting to do his where he's ultimately wanting to do is get his subscriptions up to a point where that that that's covered for him and he can basically then use it for free in its own businesses well that plus he's also got a development team that he's a few developers at least that he's got full time I project exactly how many.

Speaker 1  38:57
Not so I guess for some like this, that you need to decide how committed you are to it and you know, at which point you're going to abandon the project because does he have other resellers right now? Does he only sell direct at the moment?

Matthias Miller  39:15
He's got a few other resellers a it's been a bumpy ride and I know that a number of them dropped off. So I'm not sure how many I don't think he's got I don't think he's got more than half a dozen resellers.

Speaker 1  39:31
Okay. So what what is the what is your hypothesis that will help you avoid the fate of those other cells and how quickly can you test it?

Speaker 1  39:54
I mean, you're excited about this tech, but that doesn't mean the customers are going to be as excited

Speaker 1  40:03
So he said run lean in the run lean methodologies bring to the market see if we can collect the check and then decide at which point you disqualify it and so the Sadad move on to something else

Matthias Miller  40:20
think I think they're really quick win which is what needs to happen is talk to somebody like coal or somebody on his team you can get on a call with Robert and ask their opinion on it this is based on the premise Alex that who Robert Posey

Unknown Speaker  40:50
is in the isn't Kevin's group.

Matthias Miller  40:53
Now he's not in Kevin's group. He's another he's another gentleman that does have this built sales teams and runs, runs out down in place, places up on teams. And, you know, hearkening back to the advice, if you want money, ask for an opinion, if you want opinion, ask for money. I mean, either way, test, perhaps one to six people that are in my network that are the likeliest candidates to want something like this.

Speaker 2  41:34
I know you already kind of articulated quite a bit of your thinking around this, but in the 40 minutes that we're in here, but what's the obvious payoff for those guys that you're going to kind of use as guinea pigs or kind of train us as guinea pigs? What's the obvious yes, that they can say used to?

Matthias Miller  41:54
The obvious payoff is that they get they get warmer leads fed to their outbound sales agents. Well, either one, really, if they're if they're agents, or either they get more leads. Not as warm as ones who have opted into the website at the point that doesn't really qualify as outbound. But they, their agents can target people who visited the website, but not today. And their agents don't have more people to call.

Speaker 2  42:28
I say so you, okay, you're capturing the uncaught? Interest?

Unknown Speaker  42:36
I say? Go, you're the one doing all the selling with this?

Unknown Speaker  42:45
Yes. Okay.

Speaker 1  42:51
I will point out a bit of a contradiction in this whole story. First, you said you're not intrapreneurial? Enough. This is a very entrepreneurial endeavor. Is it too entrepreneurial for your liking? Or is it just right?

Matthias Miller  43:18
Reverse Engineering my past successes, they've always been in collaboration with somebody else, who.

Matthias Miller  43:29
I've had no successes by myself going from a zero to one. And so on Aleksey your point, I don't think that's a really good point. Problem number one that I need. Or thing number one that I actually need is not validated. But I think it's finding somebody who has success with zero to one and that's their jam, and figuring out and in figuring out how to go along for the ride. And I don't have that person, I don't think I should continue the project without that person.

Speaker 1  44:10
Well, maybe you don't need that person yet. Maybe you need to validate that this is the right opportunity to pursue in the first place, which you may be able to do on your own. Like you really probably think that this thing is going to sell like hotcakes. Well find out how hard those cakes are first. You have to context you think those ideal customers for this kind of stuff, the balloon. If they don't buy it, then you don't have to look for that other person to work alongside of you. Like you just need to find, you know position within a more established company that's going from one one to 100.

Matthias Miller  44:58
And it could also be possibility of developing a partnership with the Legion company in bypassing most of the build up I saw

Speaker 1  45:10
Yep. But basically right now you you haven't really sold anything, you make a whole bunch of assumptions. I mean, the tech sounds cool. But just because it sounds cool doesn't mean that someone's gonna write check. So, if you can pick

Matthias Miller  45:30
one person, I have one person writing a check for you.

Unknown Speaker  45:35
Okay. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  45:38
But that's Yeah. I think you're right. So you

Speaker 1  45:43
have two things to figure out if this is the right tech to play with, to build a business around us. And Tyrion Guney to figure out the path to the right business approach where you are not. You know, the the guy to take it from zero to one. But one of the guys

Unknown Speaker  46:13
that's exactly right.

Speaker 1  46:18
The way when the Nikah noted was kind of interesting, so hi, I was hiring developers training them and losing them. I had one guy who stuck around and had him through a marketing forum. Like instead of going to the places where developers, we usually hang out, like I went to a marketing place, and advertised that I was hiring a developer. So this guy was interested in marketing, and like, unlike all the other guys that came before, before him, then when I started talking about worrying to see mastermind, and turn turned out that we was working on the same thing, pretty much going the same direction, Google released, Tag Manager server side and beta analytics for was available in beta. And Apple was talking about iOS 14, it was just the early days, it was like a year ahead of time that they were talking about doing this, dropping the big hammer on this whole attribution thing. So for a while, for several months, like when I would just share code, I would show up to his pitches to his prospect, he would help me pitch my prospects. And that was that was the relationship but didn't have a business, we just agreed that we would just share everything that we do with each other. And and then revenue showed up. And when the coach hit this looks like a business like maybe we need to register No, we'll see. It was in literally, like, the first big client will end it, the revenue has to go through my other LLC, because ours didn't have a bank account yet. Like we just couldn't accept the payment.

Speaker 1  48:07
Literally, that's how it started. We, we didn't run around with an idea. I mean, we kind of did. But I mean, we figured out that we were both really interested in solving, I can in solving problems in this domain of problems. We were exploring this this big thing. Like instead of competing, we like start sharing stuff, because you know that there are people who were way ahead of us who have been doing this analytic stuff for years and have a name and an audience and everything. So, you know, each one of us would probably, like, we can still fail. Like, I'm not saying we guarantee to succeed. But I think on our own, like, each one of us would have failed, like, we soon like, we wouldn't be where we are today, like we we managed to carry as well we we thought then he was one of us would be able to. So that's how it happened very organically. So you're looking for a very organic path. Like if this thing's to be, there has to be some type of an organic path to where you want to be. Like, it's just gonna have to fall into place like maybe though those lead gen companies, you you bring this deck to them. And you have a department you have that skunkworks labs, saying what I didn't have before, but all of a sudden they can add it to the book of services and all of a sudden they have way more momentum than before because they can just plug you into the existing process and and you can be you know, taken care of that department but not in charge of the whole company. If you operate from your, from a place of genius

Speaker 1  50:13
you're not going to own the whole 100% of the thing, but you will be you will plug into your existing infrastructure, you will, you will not have to start pushing this, I will, you know has been sitting still for like years and this rusted into place. So it's already spinning, which is going to help us been faster.

Unknown Speaker  50:43
I like that seems like a higher probability. Less risks with everything, less angst, less

Speaker 1  50:54
uncertainty. And the big thing is not to be emotionally attached to it like, it may end up being a dud, right. So you just want to think about your criteria for when you're going to call quits on it. Like it's a test in the market, the market should tell you. But he has to be honest. So you kind of work hard, you want to give it your all. But at the end of the day, it still may not work out. Like you're excited about it doesn't mean the customers are gonna get excited about it. Maybe customers don't need to be excited about maybe just me the job of that vision agency more efficient. Or maybe so maybe maybe enables them to generate better leads cheaper, compared to what they did before, that will be a great test, then you don't even need to sell this tech to customers, because they just plug into the existing sales machine. And this thing just works behind the scenes. Customers don't need to worry about it know about it. If if they don't care about if they do, then it becomes a selling point. So there's all the different types of hypothesis that you need to test.

Unknown Speaker  52:24
are really good.

Unknown Speaker  52:26
Yeah, I think that's that's kind of what it sounds like. It's what needs to happen here.

Matthias Miller  52:38
What needs to happen, I think, on my end is just that I have a few conversations, leading companies. Other folks in the space potentially customers, I don't know, just having those conversations. I think one thing that you said is checking emotional attachment, and knowing when to pull the plug. And

Unknown Speaker  53:11
then just go from there.

Speaker 1  53:21
And your pitch to them should be exactly that. But this experiment, some really cool new tech. There's a winner, and it's probably going away. The horizon is probably, you know, one to two years, maybe there's an opportunity to gain some competitive advantage over other companies in the same line of work. Why don't we run a quick test? You know, give me give me some clients give me a bunch, whatever you need for an experiment, you know, just negotiate from them and you know, negotiate a little bit of cash for itself and run as an experiment doesn't work out? No big. It's an experiment. That's how you position the first place. If

Unknown Speaker  54:09
not, there's nothing to say no, they.

Speaker 1  54:14
So you're looking for a company that's looking for some innovation to happen. That's That's exactly how I sell media buying services these days to larger companies that already have an agency. We're in the in house media buying team. I think I told you all this exotic network stuff like a Wii, which is going to give us more budget. Don't keep your team like we're not trying to replace your team. We're just trying to do the stuff that you shouldn't be doing but your team doesn't have time to even think about, you know, just give us a small budget. We'll run some bunch of wild experiments on the side. Most of them won't work out. But you won't grow nickel you have to keep doing crazy shit. So that I think that's pretty much your pitch that's how you get in

Unknown Speaker  55:15
incredibly helpful

Unknown Speaker  55:20
Yeah, I think that's awesome. Um Let's see if my internet's gonna hold up yeah I don't think this will lead to do here you just got to get that one client to let us call around this thing I'm getting give you some money for it sounds good money equity with me and whatever whatever they're willing to share

Speaker 2  56:01
a few entities what what happened like Like let's say you go on to say yes what's the next steps we have you know somebody said hey this is this thing is kind of give you some benefits there's no real risk what would be your next steps in order to get that test going

Matthias Miller  56:21
starting the pixel on the website feeding the data into an ultimately I'd be looking for cool email agency that I can outsource to AI and agency or freelancer and I mean I think I think just wiring up that feeding it into I mean first thing is seeing seeing whether good domains that are warmed up that I can essentially use I don't need to do

Speaker 1  56:54
by the way I can refer to some of those cold email agencies there's there's several of them and Dynamite Circle. If you have spent 500 bucks maybe you should join yourself

Speaker 2  57:09
it doesn't seem like you got a lot to do then and profess your test and that's all pretty low level stuff. Easy. Alright, I'll pick up it's going and doing it just can smash it

Unknown Speaker  57:28
Yes, easy.

Speaker 1  57:30
So So yeah, there's a bunch of cold outreach guys in in Dynamite Circle. I don't know all of them but I know some of them. So I can certainly refer to some of them sounds good? Okay, we have we have another call in like a minute. We'll get we'll need to drop off.

Matthias Miller  57:58
Absolutely. Super, super helpful. I appreciate it if there's anything I can do to reciprocate. Alex, you know where to find me when you as well. Awesome. Yeah, awesome, guys.

Unknown Speaker  58:13
So we are going crazy.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai