Unknown Speaker  00:22
Drew yeah all right

Matthias Miller  00:39
sorry, I've been saw your email come in. And I was looking at other stuff and I was like, I really want to take a look at it before a call but do you know if Mark's going to be jumping on here?

Unknown Speaker  01:07
Mark Yeah, jumping on

Unknown Speaker  01:10
Did you want him to jump on

Matthias Miller  01:16
might be helpful with some updates from this morning.

Speaker 1  01:19
Okay. He wants to know your updates this morning.

Unknown Speaker  01:23
It'll jump in.

Matthias Miller  01:25
Okay, let me go ahead and pull up this buildings that can be looking at exactly the same thing as you while he's

Unknown Speaker  01:35
just getting on

Matthias Miller  01:52
in this particular case, on this building, we had imported FTI numbers in the past and so it is not being calculated from so we're using that frozen number that we imported before. So I don't know do we want to I think it's kind of a question of two well, what needs to happen with that, can we blank out all those overrides for any buildings currently in inventory and just start using the new FGI numbers

Speaker 2  02:42
that's what we were planning to do on the I think that's what we were planning to do once we're once we're but what what I guess what is remaining to be done there's there's there are a few things that need to happen on our site, there's like there's the list of billing just finished with inventory is a little messy right now, that needs to be cleaned up and then at some point, okay, and because of that, we're just every month we're just dragging those out, putting them in a spreadsheet and doing our own

Matthias Miller  03:24
calculations and

Speaker 2  03:25
coming up with things with The inventory number that we're then passing over to QuickBooks, which is not ideal. So we'll need to clean up that list which is something we need to do on our site, make sure that we have a completely valid list of buildings and finished goods inventory. And then at that point, we'll also need to we will need to look at history in determining what percentages we should be using and then at that point I think it's just a matter of simply a matter of bending those or that point my thought was that will simply send me a list of the standard cost bandages we want to use and he he will upload those into is that was my my thought and also the why that I guess we're not putting urgency at because we need to clean up buildings

Speaker 2  04:50
so what what when we once we get to that point and we sent that list

Unknown Speaker  04:55
this you also

Speaker 2  04:57
need to do work to ignore those frozen numbers or what needs to happen at that point, then?

Matthias Miller  05:06
Yes, we'll need to well after doing updates, historical standard cost percentages will need to push those into what have the buildings populate their FGI breakdown? And then we'll have to clear out the override. So that it calculates based based on the FTA breakdown.

Speaker 2  05:35
Is that pretty minimal on your site to do that are out the overwrite. Okay. But I had to guess I would expect that we probably September, October is when we're when we'll do that. Now. Does that have? Are there downsides to that with tying into accounting that that should be done earlier? Impacts accounting?

Unknown Speaker  06:09
I don't know.

Matthias Miller  06:22
It's basically going to be used to determine your starting number.

Matthias Miller  06:31
We will need to think that through.

Speaker 2  06:40
Like if we were to buy accounting finished goods inventory today with our like I described a messy, messy list of buildings.

Unknown Speaker  07:03
No, okay. I think the current The only thing that would impact accounting on a daily basis would be

Speaker 2  07:16
as buildings are built, they would use the percentages that we have in the system currently, and unless those are and it just standard cost percentages are way off.

Unknown Speaker  07:29
That would be I think,

Matthias Miller  07:37
yeah. The only other potential issue is that your balance sheet, the balance sheet change might be correct for the period that you're testing, but the actual starting and ending balance might

Unknown Speaker  07:47
be incorrect.

Matthias Miller  07:54
I don't think there's any implications outside of that.

Speaker 2  07:59
Well, then in that case, then the the net frozen number of just Yeah, that makes sense. And that number can just stay as it is for right.

Matthias Miller  08:16
Alright, so I will make a note

Unknown Speaker  08:20
of what's needed here.

Matthias Miller  08:26
The other updates from this morning

Matthias Miller  08:36
I was able to work around I send an email, I was able to work around the import issue. But we are still not able to import items. I wrote up a change request for Joel to take a look at it with a request to get to it by Friday. So you can import other accounting companies if necessary. And I will try to stay on top of that. And figure out how if he's not able to get to it, see if I can jump in in the interest of keeping things moving and get the input working so that we can push that person across. We have an update going live tonight. That will fix the Chart of Accounts, the financial, the accounting GL account, issue the bug from this morning. We also have a fix going live to date. That fixes the issue with there was a pay period. One of the earlier I think it was 723 pay period for whitetail run we weren't able to calculate correctly because of a division by zero. And so basically, if you have an employee that didn't work in a week at all, we weren't able to we didn't calculate payroll correctly. So there's a fix going for that tonight. Hey, Mark, I am renaming owner pool. We already have payouts for 1099 payouts. I'm clarify rename everything internally to clarify the 1099 payout and then renaming the owner pool. Almost all of the other pool over 200 payout for sure, in all the all the stuff that you guys can see, and may end up waiting to rename some of the pool non pool stuff until later. It just depends on on priority, but at least getting away from owner pool terminology. Kind of see about priority on that?

Matthias Miller  10:51
So the big, big

Speaker 2  10:55
first, the first update that you mentioned, sorry, I was

Unknown Speaker  11:02
sorry, I dropped away from my list.

Matthias Miller  11:08
The first one was the transaction imports. I think that was the one the the importing. Sorry, importing the accounting accounts, does not work properly. And so I was able to finagle shed time to get it to work properly. And I've got something for Joel to take a look at it. And I will try to do what I can. If he's not if he or Bangladesh aren't able to get to it. By Thursday, then I'll try to jump in and get that ticket get that looked at so that we can keep importing the accounts.

Unknown Speaker  11:58
Keep rolling with that?

Unknown Speaker  12:07
Okay, good. Got that.

Unknown Speaker  12:13
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  12:16
So I think that then leaves us with unless you guys have anything else, I mean, that leaves me that with drew your question that you you had anything else that we should cover mark.

Speaker 2  12:28
But I had there was a question on Oh, on multilocation employees that note scribbled saying the negative, discretionary bonus to avoid paying the employee in the second company. I said one thing that Aaron and I are questioning with this approach is, does a negative discretionary bonus actually subtract from the pool? Because we thought a discretionary bonus has no effect on the pool. And if so this approach will not work. Now.

Unknown Speaker  13:02
If you

Speaker 2  13:05
don't know the answer to that. Or if you need to dig for awhile, we can also test that on our site. And to see what that when you do a disk, I think discretionary bonuses are calculated completely outside of the pool, like most the intent of discretionary bonuses was to, so I'm going to pay this guy $10 An hour plus the pool rate, assuming it's 25 For the week, it's going to be $35 out of the pool. And then for for his birthday, I pay him 100 our bonus just because and that would be discretionary bonus, which would just be done completely outside of the pool. You know, is that? Is that how that how that works? Or does it affect the pool?

Matthias Miller  14:02
So the the reason it would work, I think, without testing at the base of my understanding is that if you track that employees hours in the secondary company in the example you gave of myelin and ABC one as a production employee, that would effectively reduce the pool. And then if you gave him a discretion, a negative discretionary bonus to zero out his pay stub. He wouldn't get paid but you would effectively move that because it's negative you would effectively be moving that from the employee pool to the owner pool, but without the actual pool adjustment.

Speaker 2  14:45
Oh, so So you would list this in play you would like for those hours you would list him. list those hours twice, like let's say a day where he's working for the secondary company. Eight hours you would list Eight hours in the pool of the secondary company and then zeroed out with your and then eight hours of non full hours in the primary company

Matthias Miller  15:16
right but you would have to add him as a duplicate employee which would basically be you know, with some kind of suffix on his name to indicate that it's the ABC one version. Now Yeah, this is also ringing a bell and I don't know that I captured this unfortunately I apologize I think we had also talked about allowing you to create

Unknown Speaker  15:47
creating

Matthias Miller  15:52
create not just production adjustments, but pool adjustments where we're on the production override for the week, we could mean you could enter a production override which would translate down into a

Matthias Miller  16:16
basically an easy way to reduce production enough to account for

Unknown Speaker  16:23
payroll differences.

Matthias Miller  16:26
So you could enter his if he worked I don't know eight hours or $20 an hour or whatever it is, then we could subtract that 160 Rather than doing 160 times whatever the pool are divided by the pool percentage we could do you just reduce the the net payroll and habit make it easy way

Unknown Speaker  16:49
to enter enter that adjustment.

Speaker 2  16:52
is okay. Is that something are you saying we don't have that ability or we do have that ability?

Matthias Miller  16:58
We don't have that ability now you could you could do a production override and just reduce production based on

Unknown Speaker  17:05
the proportion of what you're paying him

Speaker 2  17:18
yeah, how much work would there be to doing a pullover right the reason that would be like when the way you described it, would it be listed out similar to a discretionary bonus or whatever where there's a disability on that report that says reduce the pool by 10 or $50 because of that in the reason we did have that that visibility that only the add that note or Yeah, we do on are more more similar to how we're using labor intensive buildings that's tied to a specific SKU or this would be a note on that week's

Matthias Miller  18:15
I was thinking we would tie this into the pool production override which doesn't currently have a note we could add a note on the pool production override

Unknown Speaker  18:24
I'll have that show up

Speaker 2  18:29
okay here here's what would be I mean yeah, we could make any of these work What would be ideal to maintain it and to have it visible is to double what it is and then also show Joe the have another line for pool variety and have a note there where it says reduce pool by $250 Because by from ABC from from other location helped that would be the ideal because if we if we start there's a little worried if we start seeing a production override then you have to do the math to get that number right how much work would that require to make that that change?

Matthias Miller  19:41
I'm thinking I'm

Matthias Miller  19:54
we still if we want to freeze reports and have them persist, we still need to I think what we do, thank you I think it's maybe an hour or two of my time.

Speaker 2  20:17
And I think we should just plan to go ahead and do that. Because otherwise, we're going to have a situation where you're going to look at, okay, why does production not match with what we actually produced? Or it's just hard to pin down? Now I could, I could take a company, get what we thought one of the county Overview report and that upper market up with what I'm envisioning, like the final product would look like if that's helpful. But if you have a clearer picture on that, I'd say just when you get

Unknown Speaker  21:03
culated.

Matthias Miller  21:40
And then on the report, you'd want to see see what the calculated production was? Well, I think internally, we need to store the production override, or we're gonna get weird questions about rounding issues? And I don't know, fill in the blank. But on the report, are you willing to show the the actual production, the production override, or the actual production?

Unknown Speaker  22:16
The

Matthias Miller  22:21
actual pool, the adjusted production, the adjusted pool in the pool notes, or the override notes?

Speaker 2  22:30
Yeah, yeah, that would be that Yeah, to make sure I understand. If you have $100,000 of production at 7% you would show the 100,000 You'd show the 7000 pool and then you make an adjustment of minus 250 to the pool you'd show the minus 250 and then the net result of 7000 minus 250 over that number would be your 750.

Matthias Miller  23:02
Let me just put some examples in here so 6150.

Unknown Speaker  23:43
I will let me just

Unknown Speaker  24:02
employees into local

Unknown Speaker  24:09
school

Unknown Speaker  24:18
let me pull this out

Matthias Miller  24:26
okay, let me and then we will still use okay so

Matthias Miller  24:35
just cool for secondary company in pay as nonprofit hours in person. Okay. Good. I will say this email now since you got that that'll show up in your proposal tomorrow. Happy with that seems like a relatively clean look off Swix anything else from you? work

Speaker 2  25:01
just on that. What is the ETA on that? I think once we have that I think that the

Speaker 2  25:13
man, I think well, that will take care of the multilocation employees and would allow us to, say, some testing and then go live shortly thereafter with we have multilocation employees like that

Matthias Miller  25:35
depends a little bit what happens with the accounting import, I would think, probably Thursday, unless I get derailed from that, in which case, I'm

Unknown Speaker  25:47
going to guess that needs to take priority.

Speaker 2  25:58
Good, yeah. That. That sounds good. That makes sense. And then the the other thing on payroll module was the was the owner pay that we talked about? Yesterday? You had a chance to look at that or

Unknown Speaker  26:23
where

Unknown Speaker  26:25
it's white hill, Ron and Jerry stone structures where like the owners portion minus the employee portion was not

Matthias Miller  26:49
you wouldn't be able to would you be able to send something like an owner verification report?

Unknown Speaker  26:58
And so

Matthias Miller  27:02
just right out on there, which you expect to see.

Unknown Speaker  27:07
Yeah, I can.

Matthias Miller  27:10
That's not That's not a ton of work or too much headache for you. I think that would

Unknown Speaker  27:16
it? No, it's not. Okay. That would significantly helped me and I can take a look at that

Unknown Speaker  27:30
I have nothing else.

Matthias Miller  27:38
So let me add one more thing to my list of.

Unknown Speaker  27:56
Good.

Matthias Miller  27:59
So drew your first question. Which report were you? Looking at that you were seeing the is that the accounting? Or that you're looking at?

Unknown Speaker  28:13
It was the building

Unknown Speaker  28:20
the building accounting impact?

Unknown Speaker  28:25
So

Speaker 1  28:31
pull that up for the Nana district? And, yeah, I mean, it was showing all those amounts as difference, like the full cost of the building.

Unknown Speaker  28:51
Okay, yeah.

Matthias Miller  28:54
It's a production overhead 1960.

Unknown Speaker  28:59
Which is, so we're debiting

Matthias Miller  29:04
production overhead and 1860. crediting production overhead finished goods

Unknown Speaker  29:11
by the same amount.

Matthias Miller  29:15
And what would you be expecting to see?

Speaker 1  29:20
Well, I would have been thinking that it should be like if we did that. standard costs, like the actual costs, we go against the standard costs, and it's only the difference of the two. That's moving over, like you got to the other tab there,

Unknown Speaker  29:35
stat. So

Speaker 1  29:39
if I run everything properly, shouldn't there be actual cost and actual cost date applied here in the center of this? And then you know, and then this other one would be the difference between those two. Now maybe I'm thinking incorrectly

Matthias Miller  30:00
So you would first need to if you want to see a separate transaction that has the difference you first need to apply this push this across into accounting

Unknown Speaker  30:13
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  30:16
well but I mean there's two issues

Unknown Speaker  30:18
maybe I didn't do that

Matthias Miller  30:23
let's go to

Unknown Speaker  30:27
transactions let's just let's see if any

Matthias Miller  30:39
so that doesn't exist so let's go to accounting apply FGI accounting changes

Matthias Miller  31:02
not quite sure why this doesn't prompt for district but we're feeling happy today

Matthias Miller  31:28
so we're gonna have to speed this up but it's gonna get progressively worse until we do but

Unknown Speaker  31:39
my SOP is do this adequately if it's deuces

Unknown Speaker  31:53
Okay, listen

Unknown Speaker  31:58
I thought I was muted

Unknown Speaker  32:46
Well

Unknown Speaker  33:42
here's what we're gonna do

Matthias Miller  33:46
got the building reconcile

Unknown Speaker  33:53
except I have to do this.

Matthias Miller  33:56
Well, you're about to head out. A the reconcile takes too long. I'll take a look at speeding that up. But then even after that, then you would need to enter the financial allocations. Once you've done that, we would need to I thought there was a no I'm sorry.

Speaker 1  34:19
Quick question here on that right there where we're at the subset. It requires a yes no what is there anything I need to know about that? Is is required like a yes or no type of some put in there. Yeah, that's

Matthias Miller  34:34
that's fine. Yes, that's correct. Well, they say yes, it's correct. You can sure that that's all is probably a better

Unknown Speaker  34:49
I know that yes or

Matthias Miller  34:51
no? Okay. Yes. works. It doesn't matter.

Unknown Speaker  34:54
Okay. Okay.

Speaker 3  34:58
It appears to Please realize it was invalid. Yeah, that's fine.

Speaker 1  35:11
Yeah, I was just trying to figure out what it's what it's one thing there. And finally the the warnings got me to the

Unknown Speaker  35:22
sounds good

Matthias Miller  35:29
here's the actual costs. So if we go into the actual costs, preview cost adjustments. So then once once we get that first round of changes pushed to accounting, then we need to go in here into the into the actual cost, preview the cost adjustments. And so this should show you why is this not showing any cost adjustments?

Unknown Speaker  36:00
Okay. Oh, so the second one.

Matthias Miller  36:03
Yeah, that's an open period. Okay, but here, we see a

Speaker 3  36:10
there's our adjusted costs. Yep.

Matthias Miller  36:16
And then, and so then we would apply these changes. Oh, that's what that's what?

Unknown Speaker  36:25
Yes. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  36:30
Yeah, okay, I did see that button up there.

Unknown Speaker  36:37
Okay.

Matthias Miller  36:44
And then once you do that, once you apply that, so that'll apply it to the building. And then after that, if you rerun the billing accounting impact, again, it should show all of those variants or lose differences based on standard costs applied based on actual progress,

Speaker 1  37:03
and that's based on the allocation that I set up.

Unknown Speaker  37:08
Correct? Yeah. Based on this

Speaker 1  37:16
would that billing accounting impact? Change, then?

Matthias Miller  37:21
Yes. After you, after you apply these actual cost changes. Then it looks like for example, in this case, it looks like it's still going to keep all of these in.

Unknown Speaker  37:39
Sorry, that's the wrong report.

Matthias Miller  37:46
We keep most of these still in standard cost. And so most of it would apply as a variance. However, there's a few still in fg in finished goods, inventory. And these would then use an actual cost basis, which, which mean, well, yeah. And so those would show up in the variance, and they would be when they shouldn't be expensed out anyway, this point.

Speaker 1  38:13
Okay, so yeah, I shouldn't be able to just hit that. And that should push us on through.

Unknown Speaker  38:25
Yes.

Matthias Miller  38:32
No, if if you don't care at all, about seeing the two sets of transactions, there's nothing stopping you from pushing this across right now. But your accounting transactions will then be lump sum.

Unknown Speaker  38:50
Whatever the

Matthias Miller  38:53
final cost is, instead of showing you deltas

Unknown Speaker  38:57
Oh,

Unknown Speaker  39:00
you're saying instead of like the difference between the standard cost and the actual costs?

Matthias Miller  39:13
Yeah. Practically speaking, what does it matter? I mean, it only potentially matters for buildings and finished goods inventory, because, right, these have already delivered, so we'd still expense out the standard cost and send the very

Speaker 1  39:31
end. Well, and we were talking about putting that variance back in that account anyway. Right. So so in that case, it really doesn't matter at all.

Matthias Miller  39:45
It really doesn't matter at all. It's just a matter of if you want to see the difference the before and after difference. After you apply the standard cost you'll you'll need to run the reconciliation so My proposal is still let me speed it up? Well, I don't know, I don't mind if you just try running that reconciliation, just letting it run for forever, and that's fine. And then when you come in, but also take a look at speeding that up so that we can actually, it's actually usable.

Speaker 1  40:23
And that okay, because I was thinking maybe that is for what that import button was? Or is less why had those two mixed up? So that would be for for afterwards?

Matthias Miller  40:40
Correct. So, alright, so here are the steps, step one. Here step one is

Unknown Speaker  40:55
actual costs.

Matthias Miller  40:58
Well, step one is is applying is applying these changes. Apply FDI accounting changes, step one, then step two, go into actual costs each of your actual costs, drill down into the preview cost adjustments, and apply the class cost adjustments, which will update the building records. And, and then do that for each of the SGA categories. And then step three, is go back. And if you want to preview, you can preview the building accounting impact, or apply the FDI accounting changes again. And that will apply any changes to the accounting system from that process.

Unknown Speaker  41:48
Okay, yeah. Makes sense. Yeah, I think so. That mean, we're pushing this information to accounting twice, first, the standard costing, then you do your supplier, actual costs to all the buildings

Speaker 2  42:19
and then push it to accounting again, then the difference, the difference between those two would be your your deltas, your or be your variances, right? And the reason this, you need to run it twice is because at this point, it's not. Not connected. Not showing standard costing accounting every night. Right? Correct. But once that is connected, then standard costing would be applied would be pushed to accounting every day. That would happen automatically. The actual costing you you would always need to do manually at the end of a period when you're doing actual cost.

Matthias Miller  43:20
Yes, if you need if you need to check your reports before end of day. Or you could you could just let run that night again.

Matthias Miller  43:34
But most likely, you'd want to do it manually to set the transaction date on it

Speaker 2  43:43
that allow us to double check if that matches the variances we had on our spreadsheet, right?

Unknown Speaker  43:51
Based on the status of the building. Okay. This is really exciting to me. I mean, we've spent a good part of our lives on this process.

Matthias Miller  44:08
Hopefully we can get some of that back for you.

Unknown Speaker  44:16
Jade

Speaker 1  44:19
did you get that? That attachment that I sent that number? Do you know where that comes from?

Matthias Miller  44:27
Yeah, so that I mean, that's an override overridden amount from way back in the day when we pushed a whole bunch of FDI values in and so my thought is simply, I mean if we need to

Speaker 1  44:48
well, our question was basically just is that a number showing up? Like should we be able to make sense out of that number? Or does it mean something's wrong? So

Matthias Miller  44:59
yeah, it's a So it's a made up number from the past and you probably won't make sense of.

Unknown Speaker  45:05
Okay, that makes Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  45:14
Good. All right. You updated a time for meeting on Friday? Right? I got an email this time update, but I didn't know if it's even on or I mean, it doesn't suit me at all Friday, but

Matthias Miller  45:30
it doesn't suit you at all Friday. I mean, it's just for I mean, so should we cancel for this Friday?

Unknown Speaker  45:35
Yeah, this Friday, because it doesn't suit you either. Doesn't Mark Well, maybe for meeting with you.

Unknown Speaker  45:45
We've got Yeah, this week was still

Unknown Speaker  45:50
weak. So

Speaker 2  45:54
I have a down for 1230 tomorrow for 90 minutes. And then I have nothing else listed this week. But then next week hopefully, I mean, the plan is for next week, do Wednesday, do the 10 and three check in with Drew and then add on Friday at three and then that's the hopefully we can maintain that schedule week after week from from that point for however long we need. So I guess that's up to you. Matthias if you have something for me Friday, I think that could I would be available if you want to do something Friday just

Matthias Miller  46:42
I'm gonna take it off, I think so our next So, Drew, you'll be back in next Wednesday. Is that right? Correct. Okay, I think I'm just gonna take it off and we're going to so the deadline for that unfortunately is important because this really is really next next Wednesday or

Speaker 1  47:15
I guess if that gives you chances to work on the payroll or something said that might be helpful

Speaker 3  47:22
in talking about cool

Unknown Speaker  47:32
sounds good

Matthias Miller  47:40
all right. Well, yeah, Mark, if I need anything, I'll be in touch with you. But I think I'm good to go at this point. And I'll, I'll holler if if I think be helpful to connect.

Speaker 3  47:53
Okay. All right. Cool. Awesome. Okay,

Matthias Miller  47:59
yep, thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai