Speaker 1  00:00
Here are a few more lessons on the insertion point job of one of them is as soon as you run into an exception, isolate the exception and deal with the exception to standardize it and solve that issue. When you introduce exceptions into, You know what else you're trying to do, you dramatically increase complexity. So isolate the complexity deal with the exception, and everything will go go faster for you. Now, here's the other thing that I've noticed is that, you know, for a while, I thought this was just a productivity issue of not being able to cut really, to the chase on some of these issues. And It felt like my mind was spinning, and there may certainly have been part of that. But I think there's also this element of, you know, when you're in the swamp land, It's very, it can be very disorienting, because you you, you don't necessarily know where the bottom of the swamp is. And you don't really necessarily know what the right path forward is. But and so you end up wandering in the swamp, and it feels like you're not necessarily getting momentum or things aren't going as well as you'd like, or you know, those types of things. But you know, I guess, I guess what I'm trying to say is, there was a mindset shift for me that when you're in the bottom of the swamp, and you're wandering around, you don't feel like you're making progress, it's okay, that it may be disconcerting, But it's actually it actually can be a really powerful time for you. So that was, that was an interesting thought on that. And maybe it's actually more productive than then you know, what you what you would have thought, and maybe the times when I just felt like I'm struggling, I'm just digging around in the bottom of a swamp. And, You know, maybe this actually is what Perry talks about. You know, once you find the bottom of the swamp, there's this, there's something right to it, there's something solid to it. And maybe that was that feeling with especially with this last round of trying to clean up these section break insertions. I wandered around for a while that all of a sudden, It was like a hit pay dirt and everything started coming together. So that's those are my thoughts on that. super fascinating.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai