Matthias Miller  00:50
Good morning

Speaker 1  00:53
Good morning this is when all the gear from North Carolina

Matthias Miller  00:58
Hey are you doing

Unknown Speaker  01:03
good how are you?

Matthias Miller  01:05
Yep doing good

Speaker 1  01:07
wonderful all right oh excited to see what's gonna happen you right

Unknown Speaker  01:34
morning

Matthias Miller  01:35
Hey good morning Tori Are you doing good how are you

Unknown Speaker  01:42
I'm good I'm excited

Unknown Speaker  01:45
yep Michael

Unknown Speaker  01:51
Good morning

Unknown Speaker  01:54
Good morning Michael

Unknown Speaker  01:57
Good morning Michael thrown out here Good morning this lady that just say I'm excited

Unknown Speaker  02:09
it's Victoria.

Unknown Speaker  02:12
Victoria nice meeting Nice

Unknown Speaker  02:15
to meet you would you say your name was I missed that?

Unknown Speaker  02:19
Is the Brazilian redmax name is Ronaldo with the letter Oh at the end

Unknown Speaker  02:25
gotcha Nice to meet you through the phone right now.

Speaker 1  02:30
While I'm there Victoria you can only be victorious in everything you do. Oh I can't

Unknown Speaker  02:38
thank you I try to think that way for sure.

Unknown Speaker  02:43
Oh, you just keep it up you're doing it

Unknown Speaker  02:47
I appreciate it

Matthias Miller  02:56
and we just had somebody else jump on

Unknown Speaker  03:01
Kelvin is here

Matthias Miller  03:03
Kelvin morning

Matthias Miller  03:13
it's gonna take me a little bit to recognize everybody's numbers so I will give you my name in the morning

Unknown Speaker  03:22
yes

Unknown Speaker  03:51
well are we what are we missing Matthias marathon

Matthias Miller  03:58
versus not on yet. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  04:01
you're right

Matthias Miller  04:07
there we're still missing ginger and Marcus.

Matthias Miller  04:16
So while we wait for them to come on, Marissa, your question about the billing specs for the lat billings report. Were you just wanting the builder diagram I think that was even though of course. I can easily add a link to the report for that.

Speaker 2  04:40
Matthias when I click on that link, it says resource not found.

Matthias Miller  04:49
Interesting. The land of make sure you Yeah, I see what you're saying. I'll take a look at that.

Unknown Speaker  05:06
Okay

Matthias Miller  05:14
looks like we get somebody else Joining us now.

Unknown Speaker  05:19
Good morning.

Matthias Miller  05:21
Good morning. How's it going?

Unknown Speaker  05:23
Good. How are you guys good

Speaker 3  05:37
he was a huge ginger. Yes. Good morning. So Matthias Are we still missing mark? To the right. You're missing Marcus. Okay, I'm just gonna hop off and give a quick shout. We'll be right back. Alright, sounds good.

Speaker 4  05:58
Usually these meetings automatically call us but this time I didn't get that. So I called the number from the email and got it and so he made

Matthias Miller  06:05
that got it makes sense. Yeah.

Speaker 1  06:08
I know what to do. Maybe hang up. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:14
Well, I might need to get with Daniel on that and we could simplify our lives

Unknown Speaker  06:20
Big Daddy. That'd be

Speaker 4  06:23
Yeah, it would be a little easier because I didn't even notice the time I was doing something else. I thought Oh, it didn't call me

Matthias Miller  06:30
gotcha I always find all kinds of nifty efficiency secrets hidden within different places that poked my head?

Matthias Miller  08:18
What are we waiting for? Mike and Marcus to come back. Come on, like any inspiration from any any of you guys while we wait for them?

Speaker 3  08:37
So Michael, I'm back. I assume I assume Marcus. Marcus didn't join. I left him a message I didn't get through with him. He didn't join while I was gone. Right? That's correct. Okay, we're gonna make a motion we get started. Maybe we'll read some when he is able to join.

Matthias Miller  08:58
Absolutely. Sounds good. Well, excited, Mike and I are excited to have all you guys on this call. So we'll be you know, these. These types of things. Change can be bumpy change can be can be painful. Change can also be fun. So hopefully we'll, if we have a rich experience, we'll probably have some flavor of all three. Just want to take one brief moment to take a little bit of a step back and talk just briefly about the vision. I remember when my colleague Josh was talking about these shed builders who were looking to build software to manage to build sets. And as he continued through various conversations, he kept talking about these guys. It was pretty clear that how these guys do things is is exceptional and is unique. And I think that It's been clear for all of us who've shown up at truepoint, who've been working, working with working with gay working with Mike, and the rest of the team. I think I think we have, here's one of the reasons why I'm particularly interested and excited about what we're doing here is I think that the, I don't know, I love, I love, I love that. I love the ability to work together with people who are fantastic to work with, and the opportunity to be challenged to grow, to continually get better. And I also love the fact that there's a quality product to get behind. And there's a value on creating an exceptional experience for people. And so this is, so there you go. I'm also really excited about this, because we have the ability to consolidate two different skill sets. Marissa and Tory have been working over the last number of months on how do you sell sheds sight unseen, to people you're only talking to over the phone, which has a unique set of skill sets. And ginger Kelvin Marcus Marcus not being here, but all of you guys have been working on how do you sell sheds in person, when you can shake people's hand and, and you can show them the building point out things like that, I feel like you guys have a wealth of history and a unique set of experiences in doing that, that I think is going to contribute. So one of the things I'm excited about is being able to see these worlds mash, being able to work together shared knowledge and use your knowledge to to continue getting better. The value of an organization of any organization is in the shared knowledge within the organization. And the more isolated that we are, and the more that we withhold information from each other, the more we not only hold each other back, but we hold ourselves back as well. And so that's that's a little bit of kind of my vision. One of the reasons why I'm excited about this. Mike, did you have any any comments you wanted to add to that?

Speaker 3  12:36
I think very well covered, agree with all of the above. Good.

Matthias Miller  12:41
Okay. That'd be great. We don't really know each other, we've seen each other's names. And some of us have been working working more closely together than others. But I thought it'd be great to just go go around the virtual room and give a brief one to two minute introduction, who you are, where you're at, and maybe some kind of random personal tidbit from from your life. So I'll turn you loose

Speaker 5  13:19
I can start my name is Marissa dvn, tear Jordans Online team in October of last year, has had an awesome experience thus far. My background in business is in finance and business development. So I'm coming into the sales role with a lot of ancillary tools that have kind of brought me to this place and I'm really, really enjoying it. I work remotely as you guys know, I'm not in North Carolina, not even in Virginia. I am up in Ohio about that state in the northeast corner, near Cleveland.

Speaker 4  14:01
If you guys hear me calling in in the morning, they're often morning

Speaker 5  14:05
when we join these morning calls for I'll be like the guy the snow, oh, the snow. But I really love remote work. I do have two young kids. That's kind of a little personal tidbit about myself. They're eight and five. So being a strong sales person and enjoying work every day is certainly right up my alley, but I also really enjoy the time I spend with my family. So being a remote worker allows for a lot of flexibility. You will not be able to talk to me between the hour of 2pm and 3pm every afternoon because I go pick up my kids from school. So if you leave me a message in discord and I take the minute that's where I am and driving to get them and bring them home. But other than that, that's just kind of a little bit about my background and I'm located and you know how I came to be a part of it. I'm looking forward to hearing from everybody else

Speaker 2  15:08
okay, I'll go next. Miss Korea Times. You can call me Tori. I started about four months ago, a week after Marissa. I'm located in Tulsa, Oklahoma, so very far away. A sports background I pay, I play basketball. A majority of my life. I play college at TCU. And after that I poured into the youth. I've trained them and mentored them. I also have a background in technical recruiting, real estate loan closings and supervising gym operations. So excited to be here and excited for this new journey with you.

Speaker 4  15:56
I guess I can go next. I'm kinder. I've been doing that. Now. I guess I waited a year, a little over six months. I also have four children. My oldest is 18. We just sent her to college at Lenore Ryan here in Hickory, North Carolina for a softball scholarship that she's playing there. And then my we had 15 year old twins boy and girl and then a 14 year old. Well, your friend, she'll be 14 and a week. Our youngest, so they are very active in all sports in school and all that good stuff. We actually have regional for wrestling this weekend. So I started as a freshman and made it for regional so it's pretty exciting. And then I guess a tidbit for those that don't know, my husband is one of the haulers here with Burkholder that does all the buildings they he's been doing this for, I don't know, eight to 10 years, I guess somewhere in there. And I've kind of always been a part of it and knew a little bit and then when he talked me into having a lot I went from mom to have an office so it's been kind of a different transition. And I have enjoyed it it's been fun to be a part and I'm excited to see how this goes and see how where we go

Speaker 6  17:34
okay, I guess I'll go next here if all the ladies have gone first, this will start on the guys. I'm killing but I'm good. And I staff are managed the lot in Chatham, Virginia. I do live in North Carolina just across the line. So it's not a real big pop for me in the morning to come to Chatham. And I started in December of 21. And pretty much new to sales altogether. So it's been sort of a new experience for me. And I've learned a lot and Spin, spin good. My son Alex is one of the haulers with Burkholder. And so he works up primarily in the Virginia area. And as well as my daughter Heidi has been or is helping part time in my office with some of the online marketing on Facebook and other social media platforms. So that's been a big help here as well. And just a little personal tidbit in the my spare time I do pastor a small church. So every now and then I do have to jump out and take care of other things but that's pretty much it.

Matthias Miller  19:06
And I think Marcus, is that. Is that you? Did you jump on? I saw somebody else jumping on here maybe not. Okay. Well, we'll mark it. Maybe. Good. Oh, no, come back on.

Unknown Speaker  19:31
We let her now though, during the introduction as well.

Matthias Miller  19:34
I'm sorry Ronaldo. anymore because

Speaker 1  19:41
I am the only redneck in this group anyway. I'm originally from Brazil, Sao Paulo, Brazil and I have study in all my life terms. I lived in Mexico, Brazil, and been in the US for the past 20 Plus Two years, I studied in Singapore, Portugal and at the University of Hong Kong as well. And I also graduated by university, North Carolina, here in Charlotte, I live in the hickory area. And I am the total appreciation and love with business and Gabriel, his brother, Miko who I am direct reporting to, and learn a little bit here and there about chat and the industries and I'm actually on the background of it, doing whatever is needed to support both sales and the infrastructures guided by Michael and his brothers and I have the pleasure to hang out as the factory of my my visit. And I'm just an hour away from the factory. By the way, you and I have a local office, just five minutes away from the factory in after field. And in a weekly basis, some of you know that I did you know all the locks in the area of Virginia in North Carolina, but I cannot visit Victoria and Maritza and by the way, Marisa is my mother's first name, which is awesome to have a year reminds me of my loving mom.

Speaker 3  21:17
That is awesome. Well, this is really good. Just a couple of comments, Michael here. I'm excited about this. Due to the fact of we have a really good team. A lot of intelligent minds in this on the team, the truepoint team, lots of strength there. And so I think if we can share the strength we will all grow quickly and better. Just one interesting little fact about my family, I have a little four year old so this past summer, he was three and one of his favorite pastimes was somehow I guess probably the older siblings probably got him excited about it somehow. But he got they got into this dangerous exciting adventure of, of hunting bumblebees. And so this little three year old, we discovered we go out with his little like a little cup, like a plastic cup. And they would hunt these bumblebees and, and pop this this up over top of these like a clear one. So they get through through and they would catch these things. And the interesting thing was, sometimes he would win and sometimes the bumble hateful and and if the bumble bee won, you could usually hear in the bumble bee was it was it was interesting. I would think maybe, you know, I guess he's a little adventuresome because he chose to keep doing it. Even though he got stabbed every once in a while.

Unknown Speaker  23:13
Sometimes

Speaker 4  23:19
think boys are interesting to Ray, they're definitely not afraid of much.

Speaker 3  23:29
Good mark as as Marcus, you made it on. Me Maybe we didn't get the number clear or something we'll follow. We'll circle back around and see we can get that you got the right number something maybe there's I would say keep keep moving. Mathias.

Matthias Miller  23:51
Sounds good. So all right, well, fantastic. All right. So just want to give a little bit of a talk through just a handful of things to get you guys on some changes for you how these two, how everybody's gonna work together, how these things fit together. One of the things, first of all is just explained a little bit how the distribution works. I have not confirmed with Dwayne to make sure that he's updated the lead distribution allocation. So it might be it might be this is already in play. It might be that he needs to make a few configuration changes yet but if it's not yet, it will be very soon. So the plan is that Kevin Marcus and ginger you guys will get first dibs. When you're clocked in you'll get first dibs on any leads within 50 miles. And we think that you being within that radius is an advantage and we want to capitalize on that advantage. And apart from that so that's Under the first first layer, second second, then is, if an affiliate comes in outside of that, then we go find everybody who's clocked in currently. And we say who's had the fewest number of leads in this past the past seven days, and we give the lead to that person. And if nobody's clocked in, then we go, go find everybody's name, and say, who's gotten the least leads in this in the last seven days, and we give the lead to that person. One of the reasons for doing it this way, so we're open to feedback, if this doesn't work, for sure, can't promise that we've thought through every scenario and, and how this might all work. There's a few reasons to do this one, it helps accommodate for varying schedules to some degree. It it helps to offset you know, when when you guys get leads within a 50 mile radius, it does help us kind of balance that out with the rest of the team, we don't really have that, that radius around them. And ultimately, what we're looking to do is distribute, you know, distribute the leads, appropriately, across across the group. One, one thing that I want to note with that as well is that there are times when people really want to want to visit a physical location, they want to look at a shed. And so our thought right now is that when that happens? Well, first of all, there'll be some automation, we're hoping hopefully put in place in the next couple of weeks, that'll make it easier for you to see when somebody else has already quoted a customer. Because when somebody walks them a lot, you might not know that they've been talking to Tori or Mercer, you might just, they might just show up on the Latin start asking you about a building. So we're going to put some some things in place that make it easier for you to to recognize when that happens. And then after, you know, after the sale, or sorry, after they visit the lot, you know, if they're willing to close the sale, right then great, like, let's get it done. If not, our goal is to work as collaboratively as possible for the best results for the customer. And so I think it really comes down after at that point in which which person do they have the best rapport with and which person is most likely to, to close the deal. So it could be that the person actually wants to go back to working with respiratory or it could be that the customer is happy, just continuing to work with whichever one of you one of your lads that comes they come to the main thing, then is just clear communication when this happens, so that we really don't want to tackle, you know, or we don't want to, we don't want to approach a an individual from multiple directions, we want to have one person owning the relationship and handing it off as necessary. Any any questions or feedback on from any of you in that process?

Speaker 3  28:28
So one quick one here, Matthias, this is Michael. So on, I was distracted for about 10 seconds, there wasn't sure if I had missed it. Did you? Did you talk about the clocking in here, like oh, you know what, having to be clocked in so that it happens and then also how to do that. So the newcomers would understand how to do that. And also, how that hinges on on lead.

Matthias Miller  29:03
I did talk about hinges on the lead, I did not talk about how it does it. So currently, the the brick and mortar locations, you guys have a slightly different version of the CRM than the online sales team. And so I'm going to get with Dwayne on making the change for the clock and clock out. And and he and then make sure that you guys know what it takes what basically the way the clock in clock out is gonna work is when you pull up the when you pull up assist. Your menu is going to be blank until you hit clock in. And then that's when we know that you're actively actively working ready to take leads. And then at the end of the day, we'd asked you to clock out so that we then know to change our our lead distribution appropriately, but only to get between the to finalize that and And within the next two months, or within the next month or two, we're planning to consolidate those, those two, so they were all seeing the same thing.

Speaker 3  30:11
And the goals in that is to make sure that that quickest turnaround, awesome possible for that lead to get back on that lead, good response to that lead so that we identify and people working. And so for instance, brick and mortars here are not going to be working on a Wednesday. So on that Wednesday, you would not be clocking in therefore, the lead distribution would get those individuals for that day. So that those leads don't drop in there and say today without getting response and then work on a Saturday, it would be on Saturdays, and it so why behind the clock?

Matthias Miller  31:17
Any other questions from clear? Good. Yeah, it's good to think. And any point along the way, I mean, we are, you know, now I've gotten to the point where I'm starting being flooded with this. But my answer to most things comes down to well, especially in marketing, this is very true, the answer to most things is the test. And you and, and so I'm very open to getting your feedback about limitations, things that didn't work with us. The other thing that I wanted to mention now there's, there's another change with this as well, which is we're now opening up access for all of you to be able to sell lot inventory from each other slots. And the goal with this is to create once again, the goal with this is to create optimal experience now there's, there's going to be some things that we need to do to make sure that actually that actually works well. Specifically, the communication that needs to happen. But there are times when somebody calls a you know calls in, they need your there have been instances where somebody had a fire, they need a shed right away, and we want to be able to find the best, best option for them quickly. Now in the conversations with the customer if you're if you're working looking at somebody else's lot we're asking that you avoid selling the shed until you've had a chance to have a conversation with with a salesperson on that lot. That absolutely limit Let me paint the worst case scenario and then we can paint the best case scenario worst case scenario is Kelvin you're walking the customer through through the lot and they've got their eyes in this building. And they're really excited about it ready to sign on the dotted line and meanwhile, Tory you got a call from somebody who needs needs a building right away and and that this was the exact perfect building and Tory closes the deal in Kelvin you walk inside to to wrap up the sale and the building's gone. That's not the greatest way to build a collaborative team team spirit. So we're wanting to avoid that best possible scenario is you know, in that case, you know, Tori would just reach out to Kelvin and Kevin's like yep, getting ready to sell a shed or there's somebody who's super interested give them you know, 24 or 48 hours to get back to me on that and Tori can communicate that back to the to whoever whoever she's in contact with and and maybe that that person I mean it might it might be that person then ends up going somewhere else maybe they'll settle for different building might be they're willing to wait whatever but Tory can work that out with that person. And then and ultimately, ultimately then as a result of that, hopefully it's it's minimal disruption to you guys in the live but then it also gives you opportunity to change out your lot inventory and Refresh Inventory along the way as well. So for you guys at the at the brick and mortar locations I'm waiting for, for Dwayne to give you access to a lot buildings report where you'll be able to pull up these buildings. Two things to note As of this morning, there's a link where you can pull up the building diet diagram, if you want to take a look at that without going into the visualizer. And any buildings that have a photo attached, there are links with that building that you can just click into. And you can see actual photos of the building. So if you've got a prospect who's who's interested in a building, you're gonna send him send him some pictures, you can use that to do so. Any kind of, Mike, anything else to add? Or any of you guys have questions on? How well inventory is gonna work?

Speaker 6  35:46
Just one question. Kelvin here. Oh, if the when we close a sale on a lot building that will automatically take it out of the inventory that everyone's seeing, is that correct? Or do we have to get us to take another step?

Matthias Miller  36:02
Nope, that's correct, you automatically committed a lot of inventory.

Speaker 3  36:12
Just one little comment on the pictures. As I think you mentioned, a lot of those will have attached pictures. But some of the original buildings that are delivered to the lats, or some have been taken upon dropping them any new buildings now get pictures taken upon being delivered or moved in is why there's pictures attached. But there are still some of the original buildings that won't have pictures and working with that on that in the next two weeks to see if we can get some of those updated to her be really nice to have pictures attached to all of them so that you want to view inventory you're able to do so if it's specifically.

Matthias Miller  37:16
Ginger, any, any questions from you? Good?

Speaker 4  37:22
Yeah, I mean, I guess I'm fine. I just feel like the biggest key is going to be communication, everybody's going to have to communicate, because I know how that works when you buy something online, and then you got to pick it up, and then it's gone because somebody else or they didn't update their inventory quick enough. For people that happens a lot. So that would be just the main thing is just the communication, I guess. Yeah. If you're gonna hear from everybody a lot, because that is frustrating. I would think with customers when they think they can do it, and they can't, or they, you know, absolutely. Okay.

Matthias Miller  38:04
Make sense. And as, as we go along, you know, as we start, there's probably going to be some of the stuff that just requires picking up the phone and calling as we go along. Hopefully, there'll be more and more ways where we can streamline this and automate this and have it you know, continue making making requiring less heavy lifting for that communication, and still keeping the communication channels clear.

Speaker 6  38:40
I'm sorry, Kelvin here. Just one, in thinking how this is really going to work out. You know, I guess just a simple phone call with with a dealer, if you're interested in in a building they have on their in their inventory, would take care of it. Because you know, I'm just thinking through different scenarios. Often Sometimes customers come and they want a building, and they've agreed to take it. But they got to do some finagling with their finances until we can actually close out the sale. And so you know, and sometimes that may take a day or two or three. And so I don't know if there's any way to put it in the system that it's pending, or something like that. Other than just simply, you know, making a call before you try to sell something online.

Matthias Miller  39:34
Yeah, we we talked about different ways,

Unknown Speaker  39:36
like a note section,

Speaker 4  39:38
or something on the building. Is there a way to put like a note in the system

Matthias Miller  39:50
there would be a way that we could very easily show when this building was most recently quoted, and by whom. And I don't know if that will Would that would be good enough, but even in those situations, I mean, sometimes, sometimes somebody might might be, let's say somebody's working on permitting, for example, they might have taken look this building quite some time ago, but they're still very actively working on putting this stuff together. If they if they're running into challenges with HOA and permitting and financing. It could take some time, I, I don't know that there's so we could perhaps add a note for it to be pending. I think in the short term, I'm happy with a phone call if I made a phone call seems like a reasonable accommodation to do in the short term. And we can maybe look at adding, adding a more formal sale pending type of option in the future.

Unknown Speaker  41:00
Seems to me like this probably a good place to start. On Call and we really understand the full spectrum of everything that could happen.

Speaker 3  41:14
We've learned from that, as we put play streamline things like you were saying, Matthias, I think the positive thing in this is, this expands the capability for everybody. Because with this lead distribution, what's going to happen as you are potentially going to be getting leads, you know, significantly outside of your close proximity. And so also having ability to sell an awful lot of bread out, depending on what the leads are your lead you're working with. And having a closer you don't have to be we control the shipping thing a little bit as well. So I think there's definitely value in expanding that for everybody. But at the same time

Speaker 3  42:10
additive to make sure we keep everybody informed and pleased to start with

Unknown Speaker  42:20
Michael, I can barely hear you. I'm sorry.

Unknown Speaker  42:27
Oh, I'm sorry. Can you hear me better now?

Unknown Speaker  42:31
Oh, you back you probably inside and

Speaker 3  42:34
Oh, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Maybe trying to talk to you are you are in San Paulo, right? Talking? Yeah. Oh, so sorry. So if somebody didn't, you wasn't able to hear me correctly. I was just seconding the motion to start out with a phone call. I think it's probably the right thing to do. And we learn from it. What all situations should we consider, you know, that could happen, etc. There were several mentioned already. But just making sure there's no crossovers there before we actually do sell it. And then we learned from go from there. And I think there's great value in being able to utilize all the inventories, all of a sudden, for a search for a quick delivery, not only geographically to deliver with shipping involving shipping costs, but also your capabilities of having at your fingertips. Three times the inventory for quick delivery, buddy.

Speaker 4  43:38
Well, yeah, I would say that would definitely help online to be able to have larger inventory to pick from to make turnaround faster than it would be typically.

Speaker 5  43:53
Yes, we're excited for that, because that has been a consistent request from the tests that our purchasing online has been expediting how fast they can get a building we have lost some sales because folks have been anxious and they've walked over to Lowe's and snag a building when they didn't want to wait or it wasn't exactly what they were hoping for in you know going to a lot they just they weren't in that mindset. So the hope is that we can capture these very fast paced buyers with inventory that's already available and offer them exactly the same solution that they would you know that they need

Speaker 4  44:31
and I guess too with that being said also with being able like you said to snatch a quick sale you out also think we've got a turn if we're going to be turning lot buildings a lot quicker to where basically we'd have to stay on top of making sure that they are that is constantly full, like things are moving.

Unknown Speaker  44:58
Who you know what I mean?

Unknown Speaker  45:04
because that's what

Speaker 1  45:10
I was gonna say. Keeping the last spool is gonna be awesome challenge, you know that we see a reflection there

Speaker 4  45:17
why? Because then once everything gets so you're you're gonna be taken away from people that are walking in for that immediate sale to hear on a lot. So it's kind of fantastic problem. Yeah,

Speaker 5  45:35
so many folds that the replenishment is the challenge like Ronaldo alluded to?

Speaker 4  45:43
Well, I personally, I feel like that's gonna be a big thing because with the online a lot of times people say like you say they are they want that, that now, gratification, can you get this to me when I'm ready for it within two weeks or whatever. So if you're able to go look at three or four locks and say, okay, this person has this one, these are your three options. And they say, Oh, I got that one. That takes, you know, I'm saying it constantly movement, people are going to be more apt to buy online if they have quicker access to it. That's the whole purpose of online buying in general.

Matthias Miller  46:20
So I see two potential. I don't want to take a lot of time on this call I see. But I do want to make sure we address your concern ginger, I see two potential options number, there are two ways to deal with this. Number one, having some kind of process where Michael or whoever's whoever's responsible for I don't even know Sorry, I'm too far out of the loop. Rinaldo, whoever is responsible for making sure these lots are, are filled. As soon as a lot billing gets sold, there's an email sent out that says, hey, we sold a lot building, you know, presumably, you're gonna want to find another one to put on that lot. Which will take a build process, it's going to take time, but it'll get it done. If we find that we're that our, our inventory levels are dwindling, then it may mean may simply mean we need larger inventory levels. And, you know, we've we've had conversations in the past about, you know, maybe there's inventory that's not on a physical lot, maybe there's inventory, that's or not in a customer lot of inventory that's sitting somewhere else that we can sell from. So I think I think these are, you offer a very valid concern. And and these are certainly solvable problems, we just need a

Unknown Speaker  47:37
thought process is a thought process.

Matthias Miller  47:39
Absolutely.

Unknown Speaker  47:40
Yeah. Good.

Matthias Miller  47:44
Good thoughts. So the last one, I wanted to touch on

Speaker 3  47:48
all of this, we just okay. Sorry. I'm sorry. Just one little comment. I think in all of this. I think we just need to keep that collaborative spirit in mind and team effort in mind that, you know, we're all in this together and driving towards the same goal. And whether we sell one to build or off lot for off, you know, the neighbor's lot or it's all considered a win. And we drive toward and we can all celebrate whether there any, in any scenario and as is what's happening. So that we be pulled together as a collaborative team. And work toward the same common goal, I think that's the way we're going to succeed.

Unknown Speaker  48:56
Agreed.

Matthias Miller  49:02
One last thing I wanted to touch on, before we wrap up was the email at two point backyards, email address, we have, that's the email address that all of the autoresponders are coming from, and I'm going to be adding, adding all of you to that. So that'll be that email will go out to this group here. When when a prospect responds, you're going to see them, you're gonna see emails for everybody's leads. And so if you're not sure whether it's yours, Merson tree you guys already have this in your in your portal. But Dwayne is going to be adding a find lead, find leads button where you can paste the email address in and you can see whether this is a this might actually be an Indiana lead, or might be somebody else from from the team here. or it might be an out of area lead. If it's from somebody else in the team. Most times, you can just leave it for them to respond to, if it's an out of area lead. I don't even know that we've had much of a process with that. But just a courteous, letting them know that unfortunately, they're outside of our service area, we're not able to, to, to, to help them. And if it's an Indiana lead than we want to kind of a first come first serve basis, let them know, send him over to to the appropriate Indiana dealer and perhaps do a private reply to email at your point backyards to let everybody else know that that's that's happened, but just mostly want to make you aware that you're going to be getting emails, getting replies to the auto responder for everybody, not just yourself. And that's kind of how you can figure out who's whose lead it is.

Matthias Miller  51:07
And then the last the last point here, and that I would think it'd be valuable over the next few weeks. Early in January, we had an all day sales training with a gentleman by the name of Eric Huntzberger, who did a lot of phone sales. And we have 490 minute trainings that we that we did with him. And I think it'd be fantastic especially for ginger Kelvin Marcus, as you guys are, are looking to do more stuff on the phone and even just refreshing and sharpening skills. If we take a look at as you guys watching. Let me back up Merson, Tori, Mike and I were all part of that training back in January. So we'd love to have you guys take that training as well. So I don't know if you guys would have have availability, if I send that link out to spend 90 minutes sometime this week going through that what's appropriate, I want to make sure that we have to be considerate of your schedules and and your responsibilities and make sure that we don't, we don't ever lose you. And then you know, my thought would be maybe on every Friday for the next four weeks, we just kind of share takeaways and things that we've gleaned from from those trainings. So go into ginger, curious, curious how that time commitment would look like for you guys this week.

Unknown Speaker  52:43
Yeah, probably because it makes that happen.

Matthias Miller  52:50
Ginger, how does it look for you?

Speaker 4  52:53
Um, I could do it in the morning. Okay.

Matthias Miller  52:58
Well, I'll, I'll go ahead and get that link sent out. And then sorry, Marissa, it's completely up to you guys. If you know it hasn't been that long. But if you guys want to do a refresher, or you want to, to x your way through it, or you want to grab 15 minutes, or you just want to refer back to your notes again, from things that you've you've covered. That's, that's great. We'll plan to discuss that on on Friday. Any any last questions from? Anybody before we wrap it up?

Speaker 3  53:34
I don't have a quick one here, Michael. Oh, Tori, you go first. Oh, it's

Speaker 2  53:39
not a question. I was just gonna say, when searching for a customer by email or contact. Make sure the opportunity ID is blank. Sometimes it auto fills and you can't find the customer. I don't know why it does that but make sure it's blank. Because that can determine if you find that customer in your pipeline or not. Yeah, that's all

Speaker 3  54:06
so just a quick, quick circle back. Hit a little a little notice that I think maybe Marcus was able to join the call. Marcus Are you are you on?

Speaker 3  54:26
If you can't see if this is join, can you

Matthias Miller  54:31
think he might be on but yeah, Marcus, is that you? You believe it is maybe? Yeah, I think I think he might be on but I'm not sure that we're getting but we're not getting audio from him.

Speaker 3  54:48
Something is muted. Okay. Good. Well, if he is on maybe we'd have circle back and have a final little introduction there but seems like there's some issue there. Good. Is there something? Could you reach out to him Matthias some time today and just confirm that the connection thing there gets proper for tomorrow? Absolutely. We'll do. Right. Good.

Speaker 5  55:28
Looking forward to working with all of you guys been great so far, even the welcome from when I joined in October. I know worked with ginger did some training ginger early on pep talks along the way when there's been bad days or bad weeks. And Marcus and Kelvin, you guys both as well. Working in discord. I know ascension tea that's about buildings, you know, hey, do you have this available? And you could throw responses and so helpful and even something silly like hey, what does this color actually look like in real life? I think there was a marker for Kelvin that helped me with that, because someone's like, what is almond? I don't know. We'll try to get you a real picture of almond. So that was I'm looking forward to working with all of you guys. And please feel free to, you know, ask questions along the way. And the science has championed open ended questions and finding answers collectively as a group and Michael has been the king of answering our questions and all things. Great. Bring it. We're looking forward to it.

Speaker 2  56:36
Likewise, good to have you. Happy to help too.

Matthias Miller  56:49
Good. Thank you all. And looking forward to see you guys tomorrow morning.

Unknown Speaker  56:58
Thank you. Appreciate it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai