Unknown Speaker  01:26
Yo

Unknown Speaker  01:48
Can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  01:49
Yep I can hear you now.

Speaker 1  01:51
Okay grumpy zoom. Well we fixed you gave me nice say I'm half sick feel like crap tired had way too many in the to way too many deep conversations and hard conversations so be nice

Unknown Speaker  02:13
you just need to tell the world go flat okay

Matthias Miller  02:19
find a nice leg sit beside

Speaker 1  02:22
Well frankly right now I wish I was doing what Calvin's doing and sitting on a sitting somewhere in Florida enjoying 80 degree weather although I can't complain the last couple days have been beautiful around here so after being in Indiana and two degrees and snow and nasty I welcome 60 degree weather but that's probably why I have a cold and half sick

Unknown Speaker  02:48
Yeah Okay, well I'll go easy on you.

Speaker 1  02:58
Alright, what are we hitting first? Let's let's you're the one with the big fat list this time.

Matthias Miller  03:05
I am the one with big fat list. I'm just going to report

Speaker 1  03:10
I'm going to I'm going to dance a little bit because I've already out done you without even knowing you working on it you know we already have a lot building report over there and I'm already at signing attachments and I've got them as thumbnails by the way FYI.

Matthias Miller  03:24
You get images as thumbnails. Oh yes indeed. Wow.

Speaker 1  03:31
Because I have exceeded your level of developer I don't know well, okay, no, sorry. That's I just when I saw you link when you send me the lat building report from the online sales and I pulled it up and I saw that you were just yanking in URLs with the images I was I was cackling so go pull up I don't have it all done yet but what I'm doing is I'm I did a thumbnail in a column and then I'm I am grabbing from the attachment section on the building record and dropping images in there

Matthias Miller  04:09
what what your where's the report?

Speaker 1  04:13
A brick and mortar lot buildings I think it's a lot buildings copy I don't know something like that. Use us either use Fort Wayne truepoint Fort Wayne sign Nathan Montaigne as the share your screen so I can see where you're going. That's let's let's do this.

Matthias Miller  04:34
Oh, that one. That picture. I get it. Well, I still want my

Unknown Speaker  04:42
well, okay,

Speaker 1  04:43
so that Yeah, so what I'm doing is if there's because here's the thing, it's been hit or miss with with drivers and giving us lat building pictures. It's something I'm working on. So in that case, then I'm going and grabbing Ay ay ay visualizer M But if you go to gingers lots she's got ones from the drivers as well. Yeah, just scroll down past Chatham

Unknown Speaker  05:11
like these guys. Yeah. So I'm having a pro,

Speaker 1  05:16
manually going over to the hall or the hall or notes and grabbing it. It's a completely, it's completely manual

Unknown Speaker  05:29
now if you can

Speaker 1  05:30
come up with a really fancy that here's, here's the hard part, you don't know which image the hauler is going to do. And I really want to have real pictures in there. And I want them to be visual so that when you're scrolling down through your lot buildings, you can go Oh, yeah, that went out there. Yeah, yeah. Because you know how many times dealers say yeah, we walked out of the lot, and I don't remember what the stent number was, I didn't hear that I'm like searching through like descriptions in a little image like that makes life really easy, easy. But stuff coming out of the hall or notes nobody knows which one is which and etc, etc. Oh, and by the way, I want to use the the building Notes section. I want to be able to use that to communicate like if you go to the top of gingers list there where it's the US building. Wait a minute, scroll down. You're in Chatham, scroll down a ginger. There us building with 10% discount. I'm using building notes for that. And I want to, I think that's pretty valuable to be able to communicate something about that building particularly unused buildings or, you know, repos or stuff like that. Yep. I think you were already feeling that as well, weren't you?

Unknown Speaker  06:43
Yeah, I had that.

Matthias Miller  06:47
trim color you took off the roof? Or you put that all in the description? That's what you did? Yeah. Are you opposed to having a list of links to the actual photos?

Speaker 1  07:00
I'm not, except that I want to be able to have, like, there, you don't have any way of exposing those images? Well, I mean, I'd hate to see a whole stack of images. So I don't know. Like, here's where we're in. Right now with Josh, we're in the process of redoing logistics. So what I'm wondering is, is should we come up with a way that says, when this building is being hauled for a lot, like we say, this is your lat photo pictures, so that we can like, track that into that like, and then link that across and always grab the same one?

Matthias Miller  07:38
I don't know. Either way, when we upload it, we need some kind of a way to push it into the record so that we can

Speaker 1  07:46
Yeah, but I mean, if we had in the notes, our G of the holler stuff, if there was, if there was some way to say this is the lat building picture, then you could feel for that and grab that. But like there is there is no rhyme or reason whether they take a picture of this din number or whether they take a picture of the building first, there is no rhyme or reason. Trust me. I know I've looked at these way too many times.

Unknown Speaker  08:18
Well,

Speaker 1  08:20
but like a screenshot of that right there showing up as a thumbnail is just like real stupid, simple to see like, but I don't know for right now. Really, what I want to do is I'm going to say, Okay, no, no, no, let me ask you this. Could we have some type of x 30 or some way on the building on that report that you select the row the building, you want to upload a photo to and have the dealers do it?

Unknown Speaker  08:55
See how the dealers maintain it? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  09:03
Well, I

Matthias Miller  09:04
mean, ultimately, you want to

Speaker 1  09:07
I mean, ultimately heavily about it anyway, so he would be in there leaving that for them to maintain would be in their interest

Matthias Miller  09:23
Yeah, I mean, so you're going to need some kind of dealer whiskey something that they can view their lot photos on their phone and pick one and take a photo and stick it in there. No,

Speaker 1  09:38
no, okay, riddle me this. If they take a picture, we forced them to do it through like it would there be a way to force them to do it through the portal itself? Like you have to get it on your computer and then get it off your computer and upload it rather than their phone. I don't know. I'm looking for simple here. Otherwise, I'm just going to what's going to happen? Is this ability is going to be delivered? A dealer is gonna look that across and go, Oh, that's there's no picture there. Hey, Nick. Hey Addison, can you give me a picture for this and then we're gonna go search to the Holland notes or take a screenshot of the

Unknown Speaker  10:13
of the configurator.

Unknown Speaker  10:21
Don't know what's your thoughts

Unknown Speaker  10:29
that's where the attachments are,

Matthias Miller  10:32
it'd be really nice to have a field for this.

Speaker 1  10:36
I would love to see like a lot building image or lat building thumbnail Field Notes field that, you know is used strictly for that, rather than dropping and attach because attachments gets used for a lot of things. Now, using the thumbnail macro to grab it worked really, really great because there's all kinds of other junk sometimes in that attachment section, but it disregards it and grabs the image, which is nice. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:07
If we did that we could do let me let me find a sample

Unknown Speaker  11:16
Oh, how do I do this?

Unknown Speaker  11:24
Maybe I can't do it from a user report.

Unknown Speaker  11:27
I don't know what you're looking at. You're the ellipse,

Matthias Miller  11:29
oh, I'm sorry, it's a different screen ellipses button action? Well, either way, if we had this as a child screen, then we could let them see that part of the building record. We can't really we can't use an X 30x 30 does not

Unknown Speaker  11:49
allow for that.

Speaker 1  11:53
It was the only it was the only thing that I that way of pushing stuff around like that, that I knew of. So that was the only thing I knew to ask for.

Unknown Speaker  12:08
I mean, the short

Speaker 1  12:09
answer to this Matthias is we're just going to maintain it in our office, which is a little obnoxious, but I mean it from from a standpoint of, okay, from the standpoint of if North Carolina is going to do everybody can sell everybody else's lat buildings, then it would be really nice to have real picture of that building every single time. And it would be also nice to have a thumbnail plus multiples, like you're currently showing. But an initial thumbnail would be super helpful. And what I mean by an initial thumbnail, it's not you know, I went and grabbed visualizer images just because that was the only one I had for a bunch of those. And it'd be really cool if a dealer could say now let me go get a real picture of that building and drop it in there

Unknown Speaker  13:11
um

Speaker 1  13:15
I should have took you on a goose chase and told you I figured out a way to actually call the history notes and to figure out which is the right thing and you would have been really impressed

Matthias Miller  13:31
I'd talk to you you're trying to tell me come up came up with a way to download the downloaded from from the link and I left it in there. I wish

Unknown Speaker  13:39
that would have been just as impressive

Unknown Speaker  13:44
Well, I

Matthias Miller  13:53
don't like the maintainability of this, but there's an option

Unknown Speaker  14:06
that's just horrible.

Unknown Speaker  14:21
Which,

Speaker 1  14:22
if I will say this, I do wish I do wish that we had some kind of flag or we would not allow you to complete a hall until you've taken images so that it forces a driver to actually take images. Because dude, if you knew how many times when there was questions about where a building is like, like, is it down on HLP slot or is it actually there and you can pop open a picture and go oh, yeah, I can. Like I know enough of these locations that I can look at them and go yep, that building sitting at Chatham or Yep, Sitting sitting in South Boston or it is having these kinds of photographs is from a documentation standpoint, I wish there was a way we could force a driver to always take photos. Well,

Matthias Miller  15:11
I mean, that's just a conversation with Josh about requiring the hauler portal.

Speaker 1  15:15
Yeah, I know, but it's a little obnoxious because then it what I don't want, you know to happen is I can't complete my haul because I have to take a photo and then they don't already have issues with them completing. Oh,

Matthias Miller  15:30
do a daily report that tells you everybody who didn't give pictures and go grump at them every time it happens and keep pumping until they fix it. I don't know. Yeah, you have to do one or the other. Oh,

Speaker 1  15:40
I know. It's, it's obnoxious to try to limit this from the hauler standpoint, it's like it's a training issue. So, yes, I've already begun the grumping. As soon as I started seeing there wasn't a lot building pictures. I started grumping. So there you go.

Unknown Speaker  16:00
Okay, so well

Unknown Speaker  16:11
Riddle me this.

Matthias Miller  16:12
I mean, I'm going to argue. So two things. One, I'm going to argue you don't want to store high res res, high res images in the database, you're gonna

Unknown Speaker  16:20
want to store them in s3.

Matthias Miller  16:22
Yeah. And number two, we can't show s3 images as thumbnails in here. So I think ultimately, what you want is a way for, I mean, I don't think there's any way around just a dealer portal of let's go upload images of my lab buildings and put them in.

Speaker 1  16:44
I don't want that either. Because then you will, then you're storing high res images in the database.

Matthias Miller  16:51
No, no, they can, they can get pushed to s3. And then we've got, you can pick one as the primary thumbnail. And it's a little obnoxious, but we then it's a little obnoxious in how we have to do it. But we then convert that to a thumbnail. Well, we add it as an attached document, we turn the attached document into a thumbnail that can be embedded into a memo we delete the attached document.

Speaker 1  17:18
Is there not? I mean, hold on a second. Isn't there a way that? Okay, there's got like, there seems like it should be simpler than that. Like? I don't know, maybe it's some sort of whiskey interface where you snap a picture it down, resize it down, sizes it to, you know, reasonable size and just drops it on the attachments. Like, I don't want a ton of pictures. I just want one. The rest of the pictures find we can feel the ones from the hauler as additional images, which is great. I think that

Matthias Miller  17:56
so a dealer can only have one picture ever.

Speaker 1  18:02
Well, we'll still like what you did with the URLs for the other ones that are from the Haller notes. Great. No problem. But for the thumbnail, it's just one.

Matthias Miller  18:14
And you still want a high res on that one?

Speaker 1  18:15
No, it doesn't have to be high res. I mean, you can see I'm downsizing it to 100 by 100.

Unknown Speaker  18:26
Well, I'm saying,

Matthias Miller  18:27
Mike, Mike is getting ready as somebody to go to shoot a bunch of photos of things on the lot so that we actually have photos of all the all the inventory. And it's nice to be able to send a high res photo to a customer instead of just a thumbnail. You're gonna take pictures anyway.

Speaker 1  18:43
Oh, wait a minute, I know I see where you're going with this. You want to have four or five high res photos assigned an s3 that you can then grab? Anybody can grab and shoot off to the customer. Yep. Ah, I see where you're going with this. Okay, sorry, I'm sick. I'm slow. That's what

Matthias Miller  19:06
I mean. I'm not opposed to saying having a way to flag one of these as a thumbnail.

Unknown Speaker  19:11
And

Matthias Miller  19:15
and having a way to turn that into a memo. That's a thumbnail that we can use in reports still probably want to run it past Josh to find out how he wants it done.

Speaker 1  19:33
So, if if we move towards the concept of dealers do not have access to the building record. How do you are you expecting some type of child screen? What are you expecting to be able to access?

Unknown Speaker  19:49
We want?

Matthias Miller  19:50
If we want high res photos then we want to store whatever they have as high res photos somewhere. Yeah, I don't know. And so maybe it's an odd medic process that you can, by which you can select one of these images as the thumbnail and there's some kind of back end process that goes in thumps it into you know, thinks it over I don't know

Unknown Speaker  20:24
well, okay,

Speaker 1  20:25
you till you get that solved, you know how I'm doing this. So, I have Addison going through and grabbing images either out of the hollow portal or out of or grabbing a visualizer image. I mean, honestly, you know, part of me is like well I wish every single time we did a lot building we just grabbed the visualizer image and it just automatically stamped it in there. And then you'd have you know, you know, if you wanted to have a a you know, if if you also feel that the URLs to all of its photos out of the hauler portal this this thing of expecting a hauler to get you good photographs is a bridge too far. I mean, I don't think we should be trying to rely on them to get good content to for marketing to customers. I think we should lean on dealers for that. Now then again, good luck on getting markets to get you good pictures so ginger will do fine

Matthias Miller  21:26
Ronaldo goes down there I mean, Ronaldo has to go on to down that's his job. Yeah,

Speaker 1  21:31
but I get nervous about him then uploading pictures to dealers lots and you're gonna get it on the right one and did he get the right one for the right spot and that makes me nervous. Do you know you know as soon as

Matthias Miller  21:45
it's firing, huh? Really firing?

Speaker 1  21:49
Well, okay, so if he's going to go take a bunch of pictures and you're going to expect them to get them on the right lot buildings. Oh Lord have mercy it's going to be a nightmare you're going to have wrong pictures on wrong lot buildings. And then then it's going to be up to me and my team to fix it and I don't really want to think about that

Unknown Speaker  22:08
can you oh

Speaker 1  22:09
can you write validation with AI that looks at the picture and looks at the building and says these two do not match you can't put this one on here

Unknown Speaker  22:20
that's funny.

Speaker 1  22:22
It would seem that your building does not match your description on the record please take the correct photograph. Dude, you were looking for ways to put AI on our system haha

Unknown Speaker  22:42
okay well so

Unknown Speaker  22:51
sigh

Unknown Speaker  23:04
please

Matthias Miller  23:10
don't let them use musings use Filter by available sales reps so they can only see what they're allowed to see.

Unknown Speaker  23:16
Who where, what and how. A lot buildings.

Matthias Miller  23:19
This was showing all contacts.

Unknown Speaker  23:23
Yeah, we show available sales reps.

Speaker 1  23:25
Okay, fine. The CRM cockpit Grant was there wasn't it?

Matthias Miller  23:30
That's just the default value they can change to whatever they want.

Speaker 1  23:34
Yeah, but the scroll out to the right. The visit. Well, the visibility used to have user is admin on there. Oh, Addison, I'm going to kick your behind us. I pulled on much. So I had I had it to where you couldn't even see those fields if you kicked it into to ask prompts. I had taken them out momentarily. To have so I could have Addison be able to see what I was looking at. But user is admin. Like those were completely hidden. So sorry. It was it was restricted before so I had I had both hidden

Unknown Speaker  24:21
well, you want to

Speaker 1  24:25
just make it Yeah, make them both hidden. There's no reason for them to change this thing at all. Ever.

Unknown Speaker  24:43
Another reason? You told

Matthias Miller  24:45
me to go easy, so I'm just gonna make a passing comment. Was that about consolidating these things?

Unknown Speaker  24:51
Yeah, when you want to do it. When do I want to

Matthias Miller  24:55
do so much stuff? down the pike at me Are you funny?

Unknown Speaker  25:04
Oh well I know

Unknown Speaker  25:16
okay, let me

Matthias Miller  25:17
make sure this actually works

Speaker 1  25:20
no I really like seriously I would like to combine now here's a another question that we really need to talk about the clock you need to add clock in clock out stuff to mine and but how does that work for Indiana who's not currently doing this to keep them always clocked in

Unknown Speaker  25:47
well that's easy. Oh okay

Unknown Speaker  25:58
where's the

Matthias Miller  26:01
where's the homepage?

Speaker 1  26:02
Yeah because Nick helped me fix some things Nick Nick Miller and

Unknown Speaker  26:08
this is

Speaker 1  26:10
Go Go Go grab the Go grab the user profile I don't even know which one is the homepage because the way he did my I asked for some help from him to do my my my watch him I call it the menu list and I don't like what he did but it is it is the way it is now and stuck with it. Oh, there you go. ListView

Unknown Speaker  26:34
well, but which ListView six know what?

Unknown Speaker  26:45
Yes. So that would be yes. Correct. Just what are you Why is all what is all this? What is what?

Matthias Miller  26:55
I'm not a sales rep.

Unknown Speaker  26:57
Like what is coming in there?

Speaker 2  27:23
All this stuff has to go this is just horrible. My eyes are bleeding. With what?

Unknown Speaker  27:34
Why are your eyes bleeding?

Matthias Miller  27:37
Just all the is admin stuff. And all the I don't know the non centralized standardized way that we're doing this. Okay, so if you're

Speaker 1  27:46
okay, pull yourself back from the eyes bleeding? What are we going to fix it?

Speaker 1  27:59
Okay, let me rephrase. I really, really, really, really like this dealer portal stuff being in user folders because it allows us to do things that we never had the capability if you make all this stuff standard. I hate that idea. So but I do think a bunch of this stuff could become standard, or we could centralize it all underneath one and afford that if we centralize the whole dang thing, then it would force us to say everybody's on the same thing. And so, if you make a change, or I make a change, we have to talk about it. So

Unknown Speaker  28:42
if you want to do I, let's fix it. Why do you hate standards so much?

Speaker 1  28:52
Why do I hate standards so much? Because I can't just go, Oh, you want this nice little, you know, okay. So for example, the, the thumbnail thing. I did that on Saturday, because I could, it was fun. I had a lot of fun doing it. If it was standard, you or Josh has to do it, or Nick.

Unknown Speaker  29:11
But you could

Matthias Miller  29:19
take the standard report. It's a little more work, but you could take the standard report. Do you create a user copy? You go make your edits?

Speaker 1  29:26
No, no, please don't let's not let's not even try and think that way. That's dangerous.

Unknown Speaker  29:34
Okay, well.

Speaker 1  29:38
I don't want to I don't want to get into a situation where we have, you know, standard and nonce and user reports mixed all together and it becomes a maintenance nightmare. I do think I do think we should come up with a way to

Unknown Speaker  29:56
I don't know, can we bridge

Unknown Speaker  29:56
the gap to

Matthias Miller  29:58
option two? You go Saturday, you called the report, standard customer user report, you go for negative thing and you say, Hey, Nick, can you please take this report and go push it in the standard folder and push it live and we give Nick and or me a way to take a report and push the report live without doing an update?

Unknown Speaker  30:16
Okay.

Speaker 1  30:22
Okay, riddle me this one. Okay, how about this idea? If we said, step one, we combine online and, and brick and mortar teams all into the same thing. Yeah. Which means we have to have some flexibility for non truepoint. Dealers, like the guys who are using it in Ohio, Indiana has of its own, you know, uniqueness, whatever, as long as we can accommodate all the weak uniqueness, then everybody goes on the same thing. It becomes one thing that's step one, it all stays user reports. And then we commit that by mid year, we standardize. So that gives us a lot of time in the saddle to work a lot of the kinks and the needs out. That would be that would be my suggestions.

Unknown Speaker  31:12
Let's do this.

Matthias Miller  31:14
Thank you something like that seems reasonable.

Speaker 1  31:45
If you're going to look at who's Oh, you're making what? Nevermind. I'll stop talking. I don't know what you're doing.

Unknown Speaker  32:57
We probably take the cake is the craziest client you've ever had?

Unknown Speaker  33:02
Probably.

Speaker 1  33:08
Do you have any other clients that are have their fingers this far and stuff?

Speaker 2  33:15
No, definitely not. There's a few that are tried but

Unknown Speaker  33:26
okay, so

Unknown Speaker  33:28
I don't know where that one is a badge of honor.

Unknown Speaker  33:37
But,

Speaker 1  33:37
okay, I will say this Matthias, here's the thing that I think you need to understand from from my side and the people in my office, if I didn't have the capability to do the stuff that I do. Do you know how much how slow or how much slower we would have to go? It would be headache ly painful. Yeah. I mean, like the logistics, and I know that, you know, you and Josh roll your eyes. But I mean, the speed by which we can roll things out.

Unknown Speaker  34:05
Just it's pretty insane. Yeah, and

Speaker 1  34:09
I mean, okay, some of it's just the way I like to work, you know, probably should be a little more discipline. I don't know. But, I mean, sometimes I feel like I'm forced into to this kind of thing because of the speed by which the builders want to move. And it's like, if I want to be able to move at the speed they want to move at. Well, then. I don't know. There is no other option.

Unknown Speaker  34:30
Yeah. So

Speaker 1  34:34
unless you're gonna argue with me on that because I'm willing to be argued with

Speaker 1  34:46
you should you should refresh your notifications. Josh's Josh's was on fire this morning. Yeah. Reefer, dismiss all of those because

Unknown Speaker  34:55
he fixed the message.

Unknown Speaker  34:58
Yeah, I was blowing him up. This morning

Unknown Speaker  35:38
Oh that didn't work I don't know what you're doing

Speaker 1  35:41
so I'm just gonna sit here and patiently watch what's up with what explain it what's it doing? Well they should know like coming through what just to get your head that one second

Unknown Speaker  36:01
yep

Matthias Miller  36:42
so many uses report saying somewhere All right

Unknown Speaker  36:45
well here you go you're our there's your State of the Union What am I looking at which reports are used by who

Speaker 1  37:12
online sales team what is the left standard electronic contracts What are you talking what is the standard electronic contracts that you're tying into online sales team did I never tie that in for I did for brick and mortar too? That's that's

Unknown Speaker  37:29
did I not?

Speaker 1  37:30
I must not interesting I don't know standard electronic transfer record fascinating I never tied those in interesting did for brick and mortar or did for online interesting interesting what is that leads to unity services some of those Oh, I don't even want to think about this. This is this feels like a major pain behind Yep. Feel like sticking my hand and not thinking about it.

Matthias Miller  38:01
I was here first

Unknown Speaker  38:11
I have a solution. What's your solution?

Matthias Miller  38:14
Well I off to Colorado for two days to clean it up

Speaker 1  38:36
you know, I don't know that it's that hard actually.

Speaker 1  38:46
Almost think we could just side by side stuff and just be like, Well, can you add this over here and take away this over there? Or add this in? Or look what I did over here? And is it really that hard that we?

Unknown Speaker  39:04
Probably not. I mean

Unknown Speaker  39:18
do you need the

Matthias Miller  39:18
audit push new opportunity?

Unknown Speaker  39:23
Do other people need it?

Speaker 1  39:25
Does that is that the new opportunity from the yes. Because brick and mortar actually create their own contact from from dealer walk on or from customer walk on?

Matthias Miller  39:37
I mean, it's fine if onlines team has that capability, right? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  39:44
brick and mortar restricted.

Speaker 1  39:46
I'm assuming that I'm assuming that well, the brick and mortar restricted I mean, you can just disregard that one because there's only two people using that anymore. I want to go away from the two is the one that's being used heavily

Matthias Miller  40:00
So literally if restricted gets deleted nobody cares.

Speaker 1  40:04
Well I okay in Ohio it's there's three people I'm about to move them off of it anyway so my I'm expecting in the next week and a half to have everybody on brick and mortar too and so the brick and mortar restricted we can just just ignore what's there for the moment the two and the online are the only ones we need to worry about

Unknown Speaker  40:36
isn't let's do this

Unknown Speaker  40:43
that's a good way to do this.

Speaker 1  40:45
Can you can you sort it to say all the ones that match left and right are at the top and we can see which the mismatches below?

Speaker 2  42:16
Okay, so this 130 minutes, okay.

Matthias Miller  42:46
Standard communications, why do you give them full access to communications?

Speaker 2  42:49
What do you mean? Just that? For vacations?

Matthias Miller  42:55
This one is not restricted in any way. So they can see communications from any sales rep. Is that what you want?

Unknown Speaker  43:09
Okay, what are you? What are you giving them?

Unknown Speaker  43:15
My own communications report? Well,

Speaker 1  43:22
I thought I copied that out of what you had to good question. I don't know. Hold on a

Matthias Miller  43:29
sec. I mean, maybe it was. Maybe it was to let them pull communications off of view, click the communications thing gonna go ahead.

Speaker 1  43:38
I don't think so. I mean, I mean, most of it when I went and did this, I was architecting, after what you had. So I don't know. Did you change that? At some point? Oh, wait a sec. Oh, okay. That one, it. It's only there. So okay, so what you're saying, that is the point right there, where That's where I'm using it, where if you're looking up an opportunity, and you actually are back communicating through the community to click the communications button. You're saying if you hit that drop down, you would actually be able to to view communications from anything. Right? You'd have to know a lot of information. Okay, so, okay, so then, but so it's a workflow thing to me, like if you're in and out if you're open up opportunity and like, Okay, what's the communications on this? If like, if you open the actual opportunity, and there's a communications button, I expect people are gonna want to click it. If they can click it, and it goes nowhere. That's kind of weird.

Matthias Miller  44:38
Well, then, can we change this to standard communications for opportunity, and make opportunity ID required and only run it on opportunity? Take it off the menu.

Speaker 1  44:49
I don't care. I don't care if you want to change it like that was a button I found when I was digging through the CRM, the CRM stuff that I'm like It took me nowhere. Well, it, it said I didn't have access. So I gave it access, because it makes sense to be able to search your community. Like if the buttons there, I want to be able to use it. So if you're going to take it off the menu, fine. Oh, be it is there? Okay? So you're saying, Can you change the button to communications for that opportunity. And it always, like, if you click that button, it would, it would do a real

Matthias Miller  45:29
thing, you have to give an opportunity ID

Speaker 1  45:33
because it would make a whole lot of sense, rather than going to a report that it went directly to your communications for that. For that opportunity.

Unknown Speaker  45:43
That would be a lot what it

Matthias Miller  45:45
does, it's built, it's filled in automatically. It's just, it's not restricted in any way to

Unknown Speaker  45:51
Okay, so let's just

Matthias Miller  45:56
I mean, technically, then they could spin this to, I want to see what 1140 looks like. But

Speaker 1  46:02
yeah, but not if you're not, if you're not, if you took all the fields and did hit him as user is admin. Hide all your ass prompts for users admin so that you can like, if you clicked anything there, you can

Matthias Miller  46:15
tinker the URL, and who's gonna do that?

Speaker 1  46:18
Okay, like, I don't even know, you can take the URL and do that. So you know, if they figure that one out, we've got some crafty little, whatever. Now that knowledge, you say I can think of the URL and I really, really curious.

Matthias Miller  46:31
You take your the URL? Well, I mean, if you pull it up we'll see it right here. 11 3801. Okay.

Speaker 1  46:49
This goes to that whole conversation about URL hiding. If we get if we get to that level, dude, we've got, we've got issues, we've got real issues. And frankly, why don't we not, it's not like I can go see somebody else's financial information, you're just going and trying to steal an opportunity and talk to a customer. I mean, come on. If they figure that one out, they've got not nearly enough things to do in life. I say why don't we I'm gonna regret these words. But

Matthias Miller  47:22
why don't we embed the communications on the screen itself?

Unknown Speaker  47:25
Hey, now you are really talking that I really like

Speaker 1  47:37
see, this is why this is why we need to go combine these things, we're gonna come up with really good ideas

Unknown Speaker  47:51
so if

Speaker 1  47:52
you remove that URL, and you embed them initially, then that report assignment is irrelevant, correct?

Unknown Speaker  48:02
Or that that

Speaker 1  48:04
that report assigned into the user profile is irrelevant Correct.

Speaker 1  48:17
Let me ask a different questions. Here's here's what I'm really no but I think maybe, here's what I'm really asking. As we go through and we say you know, we're going to fix this that no longer needs to be assigned into the user restricted user profile. How are we going to make sure that gets taken out or doesn't matter anymore

Unknown Speaker  48:33
fair question

Speaker 1  48:42
and maybe it's just you make notes we like as a part of this when this goes live removed yeah

Speaker 1  48:56
we're gonna fall down this rabbit hole and go we're gonna burn up all the time. And you had other questions yet?

Unknown Speaker  49:02
Yeah, we are.

Speaker 1  49:06
Just like save that thing. And let's schedule this like, is it next week? Is it Friday? Let's just do an hour and a half session or maybe two hour and a half sessions we're going to be done with this.

Unknown Speaker  49:18
Yeah, it's

Matthias Miller  49:21
okay. So you still said you wanted to

Speaker 1  49:37
so side question, can you add to the to do list can you have entered to do report itself have a way to close out a to do without going into the opportunity? Like that blue book And that shows up the blue the blue clothes to do or completed to do or whatever the button is. Can that be assigned into the report and make it an editable report?

Unknown Speaker  50:14
Presumably Yeah.

Speaker 1  50:16
Because I've got this sneaking suspicion I was I was snooping around to dues for Victoria and Marissa, Marissa has got to dues that are like, back from November. Victoria's like she is up to date and she is on it. And I'm wondering if I wonder if Marissa is just forgetting to go and close out her to dues

Matthias Miller  50:38
I don't know she's forgetting to her I think she might just be letting them be on the backburner

Speaker 1  50:46
anyway, that's a that's a side that's a side question I want a quick way for a dealer to be like pull up your to dues call that customer done to call that customer done or I guess they really should call that open that thing up and do a communication record then so I don't know maybe don't do that

Speaker 1  51:14
but yes, you need to add clock in clock out stuff to the to this yes that is exactly right

Speaker 2  51:43
does it suppress the No You're still in that Norman does it suppressed the menu to

Unknown Speaker  52:00
why is this

Matthias Miller  52:03
sounds like this will always be visible for everybody that button as well

Unknown Speaker  52:06
but

Matthias Miller  52:25
we go ahead and clock in with sales reps first before they

Speaker 1  52:29
Indiana's already clocked in I checked them off so so you're saying if they're not how do you tell if they're not Oh So enable round robin should not be checked for these guys

Matthias Miller  52:42
or what how should this correct Indiana should not should not be why do you want Indiana not to have to clock in

Speaker 1  52:59
So are you saying because I mean the reason for your clock in clock out is because you're pushing leads in different directions based on clocked in and clocked out for Indiana they're just they're always getting their

Unknown Speaker  53:13
leads. Yeah

Speaker 1  53:22
but if you uncheck round robin, they're not going to get any leads right

Unknown Speaker  53:30
now they want

Matthias Miller  53:34
basically means every morning when they get in, they're gonna have to click clock in.

Speaker 1  53:38
But what Okay, so if if they have to do that every morning, what happens to leads that may have come in overnight?

Speaker 2  53:45
We'll be there waiting for them. So if so our use

Speaker 1  53:54
maybe you should take me through explain how you're doing the okay. My my understanding for North Carolina dealer radius is a 50 miles when they're clocked out. Everything goes to online, correct?

Unknown Speaker  54:08
Know,

Matthias Miller  54:12
when a dealer dealer radius 50 miles when they're clocked in, they get them all?

Unknown Speaker  54:16
Yes. What about when they're clocked out?

Matthias Miller  54:19
They it gets distributed equally?

Unknown Speaker  54:22
What do you mean by distributed equally?

Speaker 2  54:25
To their? Well, to to whoever

Matthias Miller  54:31
each ZIP code is assigned to a dealer. Yep, it gets distributed to for any reps whose any primary reps or that dealer they get that exclusively when they're clocked in within a 50 mile radius. Not that they're otherwise it gets distributed to the primary and additional sales reps for that dealer.

Speaker 1  54:56
So the primary would be the dealer themselves the the secondary be online. Right?

Matthias Miller  55:01
Right. Well, online Chatham

Unknown Speaker  55:05
anywhere we help.

Speaker 1  55:09
So you're going to potentially distribute a lead to Mocksville that comes from South Boston.

Matthias Miller  55:16
I didn't really think about that. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  55:19
that doesn't make sense.

Unknown Speaker  55:22
No, it doesn't.

Matthias Miller  55:25
Do you give them within 30 miles, whether they're clocked in or not?

Speaker 1  55:28
Okay, my, my, I thought, obviously, you know, I'm conjecturing here because I wasn't a part of this conversation but I thought you were going to do probably the 50 mile radius, if you're clocked in you get your leads, if you're not clocked in they go to the online tea

Unknown Speaker  55:57
and then maybe this isn't as simple

Matthias Miller  56:02
as saying that this is maybe my bad I had set up each of the brick and mortar locations as additional dealers for the other brick and mortar locations.

Unknown Speaker  56:16
But if we would remove that then we would just go online just online is

Speaker 1  56:24
Yeah, but the additional dealers is for the ability to see their lot buildings. Right. Are you also using that for some lead assignment?

Unknown Speaker  56:34
Yeah

Speaker 1  56:38
so you're not doing that on the district zip code list anymore?

Matthias Miller  56:43
Yeah, it is it's off of that and this gotcha

Unknown Speaker  56:54
but I think you'd probably just kill these

Unknown Speaker  56:56
but then they couldn't see each other's lot buildings.

Matthias Miller  56:59
We couldn't see each other's lab buildings.

Unknown Speaker  57:02
Now is it I mean, this is you and Mike are coming up with this concept work

Speaker 1  57:19
okay, hold on a second was the intent to assign distribute leads when clocked out across all dealers giving them access to their lot buildings did you expect that you would be able to sell a lot building off of say a dealer way outside of your area to a customer from that area? Which doesn't make I don't know maybe this makes a whole lot of sense to somebody but it doesn't to me because Okay, from a shipping standpoint hypothetically, let me propose a hypothesis to you. Ginger sells a building off of South Boston where is it going to calculate shipping from

Matthias Miller  58:04
or location I mean, I'm gonna assume that currently it calculates off per location

Speaker 1  58:08
which is going to attempt to cart charge that customer a ton of shipping

Matthias Miller  58:29
Why do Fair which is not that different than what the online sales team is suffering from now but

Speaker 1  58:38
yeah, but I mean, the charge shipping from builder was supposed to have come this Pat live this past weekend. It wasn't working. So I don't know when Josh is. I left Josh No, and it's supposed I'm assuming it'll be fixed by this coming weekend.

Unknown Speaker  58:52
That

Unknown Speaker  58:54
it should minimize some of their pain

Unknown Speaker  59:10
well,

Matthias Miller  59:13
bye Bye brains moist. Do you have a proposal?

Speaker 1  59:19
I understand the most part. Well, okay. I haven't been a part of these conversations. So I don't know what direction you're trying to go with this stuff. And part of me wants to be a little bit grumpy about it, but whatever. So I don't what's what are you attempting to accomplish by the direction you're heading

Matthias Miller  59:43
allow these two things. Allow online sales to sell out dealer labs to get dealers more busy selling online leads as well. So

Speaker 1  59:57
assigning all of the dealer ought to online so they can sell buildings off of their lots that part I understand. I don't quite understand why you want to try to give it a dealer access to sell off of each other's lots. Well, I mean I sort of do but the thing is, unless we're gonna go back and do a bunch of work on shipping I don't know how you're going to calculate that stuff. I mean, there's we don't currently support that from a shipping calculation standpoint now, can we teach dealers to get around it? Yes, we can. Maybe you just go into the sales order record under Geotab and change your mileage and yeah, you can get around it

Unknown Speaker  1:00:35
but it's a little obnoxious you can do that right I've never done it No,

Speaker 1  1:00:44
okay, pull up a sales order record pull up a pull up a sales order called New York test building Nope, it's NY I think it's NY test building Okay, so shipping 629 73 Click it into edit mode and change that distance to 27 miles and then close it and look at your shipping dollar value now.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:16
There you go.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:18
Go to fit go back and change it to 51 miles

Unknown Speaker  1:01:25
not changing

Speaker 1  1:01:26
clothes saving No no no go back and change it it's 51 Miles Oh, I

Unknown Speaker  1:01:30
have to save it

Unknown Speaker  1:01:32
No, you have to close the window.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:33
Close. Dollar 76 Oh, where are you?

Speaker 1  1:01:39
Oh no no okay. Click fill itemization sorry

Unknown Speaker  1:01:45
Oh, my pointer but

Unknown Speaker  1:01:46
it would be of no use to you ready to discounts there you go

Speaker 1  1:01:56
that's the way to get around it. I mean they can any any dealer can do that. I don't know that. I want to tell everybody that right now but

Matthias Miller  1:02:07
well, short term option number one. Don't let brick and mortar dealers sell off each other's lots. Just tell him hey, look, we ran into a snag. You can't do it right now.

Speaker 1  1:02:21
I mean, okay, here's here's the thing. When we were doing all dealers got their own leads 50 Miles gave each dealer more work than they knew what to do with from our more leads than they knew what to do with so you start giving them 50 mile leads around their area and they're going to have more leads than they know what to do with.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:48
Really, so

Speaker 1  1:02:52
yeah, you want to you want me to show you gingers Trello board back from when she was getting those all into Trello and she was getting 50 mile lead radius Yeah, it becomes really obnoxious really really fast

Unknown Speaker  1:03:07
Okay, so let's

Matthias Miller  1:03:11
so do they even need any additional dealers I wouldn't

Speaker 1  1:03:19
this is my opinion I wouldn't give I wouldn't give the brick and mortar dealers access to each other. I mean, I don't to me it doesn't seem like a lot of value to try to sell a building way outside of their area. Yeah, they're gonna have enough work inside of their area it does make sense for me from the standpoint of online dealers have access to those lot buildings that makes sense

Matthias Miller  1:03:50
and that they can get leads from online if they want which would by definition be brick and mortar mortar dealers.

Speaker 1  1:03:59
Dude, I would run them on the 50 mile radius and then start monitoring how many leads they're actually getting because you're gonna you're gonna very quickly find that I think they're gonna go back to very quickly finding they're gonna have more leads than they know what to do with I know that Calvin and Marcus were definitely not handling the leads that they got in that in that timeframe of the 50 mile range. And even ginger wasn't either like she was she had more than she can follow up with.

Matthias Miller  1:04:27
But we're gonna try this and I think what's gonna happen is

Unknown Speaker  1:04:31
if if

Matthias Miller  1:04:37
Marissa and Tory are in the pool, and if ginger is getting more than either of them, ginger and Tory are going to start getting them.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:48
So this is

Speaker 1  1:04:50
okay. I'll give you an opinion. You do whatever you want with it. If I if I was designed this thing, I would say I would I would look at What can a brick and mortar dealer handle from a lead standpoint? On a per day basis? Is it five leads? Is it 10? Leads? Is it whatever? And then you you do this and you say, but you have a limiter on how many leads they can get on a per day basis. This goes to what's his name? Bob, the WHO Eric works for? He has this theory about how many leads you get a dealer gets in a day's timeframe as to what the optimal lead amount is for one single person.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:35
And so determine that their dealer record?

Matthias Miller  1:05:41
No, I mean, what do you put on their dealer record?

Speaker 1  1:05:43
Well, I mean, I would start with a number. So let's say, if you said five leads per day, that's 25 leads a week, that's

Unknown Speaker  1:05:53
100 leads a month.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:56
I think that's more than what a dealer can actually handle.

Matthias Miller  1:06:00
So do you think your conversion I've had this question in the back of my head? My keeps griping about our conversion rates? And I'm like, well, it's possible that we're just feeding them too many leads, and they don't have time to close them off.

Speaker 1  1:06:10
Well, I definitely think they are now I will tell you something else that that's been brewing in the back of my mind, is I really, really, really, really, really want to come up with a way that trims out tire kickers. I think we have too many tire kickers coming through. And so, okay, so here's my question. I would, I would literally fly to Colorado and spend a week if you tell me that we can come up with a way to put the configurator online.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:39
Let a dealer,

Speaker 1  1:06:40
let a customer go there, configure up their building play around get price numbers, if they hit the blue button becomes give me a quote it assigns it to a dealer. Yes, it's obnoxious. Yes. It's not the prettiest thing on the market. Yes, it's all kinds of things. But I think it would start to trim out the tire kickers because one, you can click something you can find numbers. And it weeds out the people who don't necessarily who are just tire kicking, but also give them an off ramp I would love to see on that as well is contact the dealer and then it would take you to the type form and would walk you through what are you asking for and have a way to trim out the amount of people who are just flat kicking tires, I went through and read a bunch of communications from Victoria and Tory are from Victoria and Marissa. And the amount of times that they reach out to a customer, the customer that ever reached back is ridiculous.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:35
Yeah, but

Matthias Miller  1:07:38
those qualification numbers aren't actually that unreasonable, versus what Eric had been seeing. Although Eric could qualify them, at least with people being it being somewhat in their budget and price range. So the big thing that we need on the visualizer, from from Josh's perspective, is we need to lock it down so that people can't do stupid stuff.

Speaker 1  1:08:03
I mean, it is dude. There's like the amount of lockdown that we have now, both with validation. Well, first off, the validation doesn't let you do stupid things anymore. And second of all, we already we already built the rules to say if you did this, then it gives you that or this happens, the next thing happened. It is pretty close to being.

Matthias Miller  1:08:24
But isn't this a conversation with Josh and what it takes to get it online?

Speaker 1  1:08:27
Probably but I mean, I don't know what I don't even know what it means to get the thing online. I would this is this is what I would love to do with Matthias is I would love to say, here's a marketing campaign. Here's a marketing campaign. This marketing campaign over here gets the regular sets@truepoint.com This one over here gets the one with the configurator and let's see let's start to measure what starts to happen with this and and start to see does it make a difference if a customer like would we potentially get better customers because we we had a way to trim them up tire kickers would we start seeing higher close rates?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:07
Yeah, probably.

Matthias Miller  1:09:12
Well, yeah, I mean, quite possibly. Now there's other issues with the close rates currently. Not everything within our control but yeah,

Speaker 1  1:09:25
well okay, so Riddle me this. So do I think do I think that Marissa and Tory are not selling to their full potential? I can show you gene Vance's numbers, their online guy in Ohio. And absolutely they're not selling up to the level where they should be. Well, just for kicks and giggles pull up sales curve.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:49
G Jean Vance. Scroll to the bottom. His goal is 2.8.

Speaker 1  1:09:58
Well, okay, scroll down, I had something covering his goal is not the 2.8 is actually going to be shared by by two people. So 1.4 is going to be probably their initial goal, but he's at 123 and Marissa and Tori put together what 73

Speaker 1  1:10:24
Just just hit your pitcher drop down in 2.0 line

Unknown Speaker  1:10:28
Sure. 73 Now,

Speaker 1  1:10:38
the the way new house is getting their leads is identical to the way that you're getting your leads that come through a type form that same amount of so I don't know, what's the difference? Is it the salesman's difference? I I'm not 100% sure what the difference is, but, you know, granted if I go I don't have a way to do this, but the close rate that he's currently at, it's still really low because of the amount of leads that he's handling all by himself. So there's a high dilution rate. Right? And some of that is the same thing that you're having with your online girls now I don't think they're selling as as well as they could. And I don't know is that salesmanship is that methodology? I don't know. That's That's between you and them. But if they if each if right now each of them had been selling 123,000 If you were at 240,000 Man you and Mike would be jumping up and flipping down

Unknown Speaker  1:11:35
yeah

Speaker 1  1:11:41
now does it make a difference that Jean sits on a lot and he can walk out there with a phone and take pictures of building and send it to the customer maybe I don't know I don't know what the primary difference is here.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:53
Yeah yeah.

Speaker 1  1:11:58
But I do I would love to cut our lead flow in half and see a higher quality lead

Unknown Speaker  1:12:12
man, I haven't

Unknown Speaker  1:12:13
had a conversation with you like this in a long time. This is fun. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:12:17
I gotta drop I got another call you to hop on

Speaker 1  1:12:28
Okay, did you before you drop Did you add the clock in clock out and the secondary thing is how do I handle Indiana dealers who don't clock in and clock out? Or don't they just

Matthias Miller  1:12:47
can you please just make him hit login in the morning?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:51
As long as you told me that their leads are gonna be there

Unknown Speaker  1:12:53
yeah, we'll still get their leads. Okay, fine.

Speaker 1  1:13:01
I don't mind sending out a message says you gotta hit the clock in button

Unknown Speaker  1:13:06
I didn't save it.

Matthias Miller  1:13:13
Where is that? It keeps disappearing on me

Matthias Miller  1:13:22
that's really obnoxious.

Speaker 1  1:13:23
So as of right now if there's no clock in and clock out for for brick and mortar and they're always clocked in that means they're always getting their leads is that's what's happening.

Matthias Miller  1:13:36
I mean, clocking in clock out really doesn't mean much until until you've got more than one person in the pool more than one salesperson

Unknown Speaker  1:13:49
All right, well,

Speaker 1  1:13:50
I'll let you drop whatever just let me know if I need to send out a message to Indiana dealer saying hey, when you come in in the morning you got to click clock in. Does it give you some kind of message saying clock in? No, it

Matthias Miller  1:14:05
does not. Not on my I mean mine does but yours doesn't. Well,

Speaker 1  1:14:10
I understand that but I'm saying can you give it a message that says clock in

Unknown Speaker  1:14:20
I don't know how I did that. I don't know

Unknown Speaker  1:15:07
yeah it is oh, I did not fix this. Oh crap.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:17
Jack drop off.

Speaker 2  1:15:19
Yeah, that's fine. Thanks Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai