Unknown Speaker  00:00
not okay. It's it seem to be seem to be worth worth the time. Yeah. He's got a new one called pre suasion as well.

Unknown Speaker  00:10
Oh, I didn't know about

Unknown Speaker  00:17
me. I guess kind of how I feel like this. And maybe correct me if I'm wrong. I kind of feel like, Well, on this first presentation, or integrate some of the basics, and I think the, the whole, what do you want out of it is really good to to to spell out. But then

Unknown Speaker  00:38
if I get a I mean, I get a five or 10% of the people raising their hands. It's still a good signal on a on a cold audience,

Unknown Speaker  00:49
which means that maybe there's more that I can shake out of the trees if Yeah, actually increase my so

Unknown Speaker  00:54
yeah, it's some combination of Who do you want. And what's your stadium pitch? Mm hmm.

Unknown Speaker  01:01
You know, you know anything by stadium pitch?

Unknown Speaker  01:05
No, I don't. Okay. Um, Chet Holmes has a really good book called The ultimate sales machine. And he's got a somewhere between what we've been talking about where you want to your Dan Kennedy calls it the small slice approach, which is what we've been talking about. we're realizing that most most of the people are not going to respond to what you're talking about. Dan Kennedy, Kennedy talks about going to a to internet marketing conferences and pointing out that

Unknown Speaker  01:34
all of you have gotten on an airplane or gotten in your cars and come here and stayed in a hotel and allows the hotel overnight, and you're eating lousy, lousy overpriced food for the privilege of coming in here and gathering in this room for to hear from other people who are going through the same ordeal. How to sit at home in your underwear, and never leave the house and make money

Unknown Speaker  02:03
any other like,

Unknown Speaker  02:04
tend to maybe a third of the audience that most says, Oh, yeah, I've been wondering. It's like this boy. Yeah, that was subconsciously bothering me. And he's totally got him hooked on the the rest of like, yeah, you don't get it. He says, test out to be invited back to those things.

Unknown Speaker  02:22
But it's, it's it's the way of I mean, it's, it's the polarization factor. It's Yes. Like, get it get hated by the people who who should hate you, and let the people who should love you fall in love with you.

Unknown Speaker  02:36
Yes. And that is my preference. But there's also this the stadium pitch. And there's this kind of, there's kind of the spectrum between stadium pitch and polarization. But the stadium pitch is if you're selling office furniture, you don't want to just be talking about office furniture, you want to be talking about the larger issues that good office furniture ties into, like employee morale,

Unknown Speaker  03:01
right. So if you're, if you're doing office furniture, you might talk about, you know, improving employee morale, you might talk about decreasing turnover, or, you know, something that everybody who's going to buy office furniture is interested in. And then one of the, one of the fine points that you go through is, you know, furniture or JS art would be another example, you know, just having good art on the walls. Mm hmm. But if you're just talking about art, people are going to slam the door before they ever opened it.

Unknown Speaker  03:32
It kind of goes back to what I mean, this is again, borrowing from Duke Gordon, what's the problem, you solve the result, you enable and peel back the layers of that so that you actually are speaking to what they think about and engineering your talk. Music engineer your talk with your ask and your your solution in mind, but then draw the line between what what's top of mind for them and, and connect.

Unknown Speaker  03:56
Yes, yes. Very much. So. So, yeah, you reverse engineer from what you want, which is, so it's important to know what you want out of the talk, which is a list of the right of most of mostly the right people. Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  04:13
interesting.

Unknown Speaker  04:16
Good. Well, this has been tremendously helpful. This is going to be one of those, those ones that I'm gonna have to go through and

Unknown Speaker  04:24
block out some quiet space process

Unknown Speaker  04:30
that I like, it would be super helpful.

Unknown Speaker  04:33
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  04:36
Get What You needed them. Absolutely. Yeah, yes. Okay. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  04:51
Okay. Are we done

Unknown Speaker  04:55
her? Me?

Unknown Speaker  04:56
Okay. think we're a november seventh Next, I think, but weeks close. All right.

Unknown Speaker  05:06
I think since Matthias is the acting, Rob he needs to end the meeting, but I can leave it independently. Okay. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  05:13
Thanks.

Unknown Speaker  05:17
Thanks. Thanks, Rob. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  05:21
bye

Unknown Speaker  05:22
guys. Bye, Mr. Digby

Unknown Speaker  05:27
by Rob.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai