Unknown Speaker  01:42
He

Unknown Speaker  01:49
Just.

Unknown Speaker  02:48
Guys howdy. Okay. Well Tim, do you wanna drive your Hello? Hello. Let's see who is the host one of the share screen

Speaker 1  03:14
probably Matthias for sure. Yeah

Unknown Speaker  03:23
suppose you want to give screensharing

Unknown Speaker  03:42
just making Herston.

Speaker 2  03:46
With that, you're going to make me there we go all right. Okay, so I went through this design phase planning page we've got went through earlier today and updated it more or less. Well, yeah, updated it for November. So October was getting started a little bit of NAMM customizations. Spending a good bit of time on thinking some time on symbols but not the landing page. We just kind of got the wheels turning on the landing page. But it's been a lot of time on easy tally and symbolizes ongoing changes and stuff. And then, of course got the faithful Rick pathway set off. I've been working on goods and customizations customisations X FB changes, little bit with CWA and some with the Triple D and whatnot. So that's Hi low of what October looked like November, I've got this broken out onto some ongoing stuff and some new stuff that we're just getting started on or wanting to get started on. And so this is all like existing clients stuff. So we got the ongoing stuff for easy tally, working that toward deployment by the end of the month. And then deployment happening this month will take a fair amount of resources as well, probably, especially from Ben, the client support side. And similar with SIM is a wrap up stuff and working toward deployment. Again, the initial deployment of giving the admins office staff access by the end of the month. Again, we'll take some resources from Ben. Then we've got z TK, phase three, where we're splitting it out into three B and three, C, and then I put here to have it to price finish the design and price. On phase three be by the end of the month, I don't know if that I will circle back to whether that's reasonable or not. But then we've also got some, a few things to finish up on SFB. And then we are working with Matthias on the accounting design for thinking and trying to have at least a high level design type stuff done by November 17. With ice is going out of these out all week, the week of Thanksgiving. So that's why that date is there. Same with some SPE work that requires them that is for the portal. Matthias is working on New Horizons stuff, and also maybe working on that small change for Triple D. And then Ben and I working with Jonathan for the landing page for Sindbis. And then also planning to pick up some stuff with CWA not plan to dig into that very much this month. But at least pick it up with them. We've got a bunch of change requests sitting there, I'd like to triage with them and just find out what's what's important what, what they're needing. Basically pick off the top one to three items. If there are urgent items, start working on those and then lump the rest for a phase two or phase three, whatever we want to call it to tackle start tackling designed for that, December, January, something like that. But to put some intentionality into that for them. So that is reviewing what I'm seeing for November. And I've put some names after stuff here.

Unknown Speaker  08:14
Because I should have put me in bed here for those UWA to kind of get a picture of who's doing what.

Speaker 2  08:24
And then out into December, there's some guys finishing up some of this ongoing stuff, possibly in depth design for high level for Golden lumber. Some point we need to start, maybe we'll be starting in depth designs for them, but before them, fate builders and its machinery before then we've got ongoing in depth design work for symbols and, and thinking to also consider. So anyway, that was me just spewing a bunch of a bunch of stuff from where I'm sitting thoughts from others as far as whether this is this looks right, whether we should be considering other things,

Speaker 1  09:17
several things you might want to know one of them is that Z GA is going to take a chunk of time at the beginning of November, probably as you know if you want to miss it or not, but as you get feedback from us and then if I would get to choose I would bump the zsp landing page up higher so that I can get that off to someone like Rosewood to design and because I'd like to get some visuals from someone once we've got the basic idea. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  09:54
And trying to think if there was anything else I wanted to comment What's New Horizons?

Speaker 3  10:07
updates to their CPA database. Mostly just doing it scope workstyle Sure.

Unknown Speaker  10:15
Your code is what you're saying. Yes, code,

Unknown Speaker  10:18
no testing, no documentation, just Yep.

Unknown Speaker  10:21
Yep. Here you go. That's fast and fun. Good.

Speaker 1  10:31
One other thing to note, as far as timing, I'm going to be out the entire week of Thanksgiving. Essentially, out, as well as out on the prior week out on Tuesday, Thursday and Friday. So I will. Some of that will have travel time where I'll be checking email.

Matthias Miller  11:00
I don't know if we've specked out how much time we think we're gonna have to devote. But Tim, we were talking about committing up to 26 team hours to the academy high level design. This looks very aggressive for November. With you moving, and ultimately being out. Is this. I'm not opposed to getting this much done, at all. But I do want to make sure that we have I think we should have walk away from this with an 80% confidence that we can actually get done. What we what we're we've got listed here.

Unknown Speaker  11:47
Yeah.

Speaker 1  11:52
So z, t, and Matthias is the dashboard completely done zt.

Unknown Speaker  11:59
dashboard in which

Unknown Speaker  12:00
I mean, the mobile app on zt.

Matthias Miller  12:04
I'm doing fixes. Most of them are pretty straightforward. There's one weird thing that we said we would do that I need to think through if we're going to do or not, or how we're going to do.

Unknown Speaker  12:14
Can we can we change what we said?

Matthias Miller  12:18
I think I mean, I think we might Yeah.

Speaker 1  12:27
But there's something else that's going to bring up. Oh, just another note for next time. I wonder if we should do a little bit more work to make the mobile apps look pretty. I mean, I think, you know, spending $2,000 for a little bit of glitz on a $50,000 out it might be worth it. But I'm not. Go ahead.

Matthias Miller  12:48
I don't think it would be terrible to I think he could hire somebody off up work, some kind of UX person to say, come in and work your style sheet magic and make it look pretty. And here. Are there branding colors. Sure.

Speaker 1  13:04
Is that worth doing? Or what do you think? I mean, I just think that it would be a might be a way to actually make a pretty interest. I mean, might make enough of a difference. It might be

Matthias Miller  13:14
worth it. No, I think I think I think it would be worth it. I don't think it's I actually don't think it's more than

Unknown Speaker  13:20
several 100. Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:23
I've actually got somebody who did some of this stuff for me previously. I'm not sure how good she would be on this. But sure. Do you have anybody off the top of your head?

Speaker 1  13:35
No, that sounds great. I mean, yeah, I'd be willing to pay for that. I mean, if we're talking several 100 At least. Yeah. So well. Yeah, cuz I guess we didn't put it in the spec. So

Unknown Speaker  13:55
you think it's a done? Yeah.

Speaker 1  14:00
I think it's worth doing. I mean, their logo isn't fantastic. Otherwise, I'd say well, we could put the logo on the splash screen, but they have a pretty pathetic logo. So I'm not sure if that Oh,

Matthias Miller  14:10
may or may not have used an AI generated icon or their app icon that I think is reasonable. Sure. Fair enough. Great.

Speaker 1  14:30
Let me see. So if I would pick zt as and zsp. are certainly high priorities. XF B. I kind of feel like we can drop him off of that one and Ben and I work on that one.

Speaker 1  14:50
The the XF V one, you can take your name off of that one I forget for the most part. I say. Yeah, I think Ben and I can do that. pricing, the pricing wrap up, you may want the CGA pricing wrap up, you might want to move to the top, if you want to move that to the top of the list. The so I would say on the ongoing projects, if anything has to give, it would be this Z TK, phase three, we can slip. And then I would say

Speaker 1  15:33
now on the on the exit fee job under the new category, the zsp one. Sure. As ESB one feels to me like a DSP that's, can we say design stung by the middle of the month? Do you think or

Unknown Speaker  15:53
not? Oh, yes, yeah, sorry, I didn't

Speaker 1  16:02
I would be willing to postpone the X FB one, we've given them a lot of stuff. So if if we have to have if Matthias is constrained, we could having that one slip? Because in some ways that doesn't that tie into the whole portal that we're designing out for them as well? Or is that completely separate? Would we do this independent of the portal?

Speaker 2  16:25
Well, it's it relates to their existing portal shoe, we're replacing the existing one or it will replace it. Okay.

Speaker 1  16:34
I mean, if they, if they decide to move forward with it. We may also give them a such a big price tag, they, they'll say, Oh, we don't need affordable after all.

Speaker 2  16:48
Or they could would they be able to pare it down? And do I mean, keep the one they've gotten? Pick and do well?

Speaker 1  16:56
Yes, they could the one they have does need to change? I mean, they're there. There's changes they want to have there. So Gotcha.

Speaker 1  17:11
So I don't care. I'm just trying to think through if we, you know, it feels like I agree with Matthias I think your your house plate is very full here. Right. I suspect as CWA one well, I don't know. i The CWA, I'd be willing to postpone the extra fee one I'd be willing to postpone. I have no stake on the New Horizons one, although that one is really only Matthias it doesn't involve you all. So he can kind of do that whenever he wants to.

Matthias Miller  17:47
I am also resource constrained this month, but

Speaker 1  17:55
can we make? Should we make that one more priority? Matthias are not optional?

Unknown Speaker  18:09
Maybe it's barely been a discussion for us to hear in this context.

Matthias Miller  18:11
I don't know. Yeah, it's it's basically the high level design is basically done. So it's a question of scheduling for development. And I think it's fine to say that my time has spoken for for November. I think we could. There's a few little edge pieces that we need to check on legal matters, but I think we could basically exclude this real practical purposes. Okay. I have about 20 minutes to resolve a client down situation with Echo. Is it a drop off? Yes, you can. Okay, thank you guys. Sure thing. Thank

Unknown Speaker  18:47
you. Yep.

Speaker 1  18:55
So can you? Well, I'm gonna say lower priority for CWA. I don't know how you compare that with SFB. Although it's almost different resources. And I don't know I mean, if anything, I'll prioritize zt D because they're a premium client. But yeah, I try. I'm hopeful. It's not that big a job actually.

Speaker 2  19:21
Was ETD. Yeah, yeah, I don't think it is. So I'm probably mostly Matthias involved with that.

Speaker 1  19:31
Right. Right. And, and I guess the new items I don't have much steak on my order. We do things so I'm content with you all choosing that.

Speaker 2  19:57
And for the CWA, I was I was not planning to put much into that this month. Sure. So you're just triaging. Okay. Finally, he finally replied to an email and said, it was like Monday, he replied to the email said he had availability to talk on Tuesday. Well, I didn't really at that point. So we set up a call next week. So, yeah, I kind of want to touch base with him again, it's been a long time. We haven't heard much, but then he sent over a, an issue he's having? Sure. So I want to touch base and just kind of say, Hey, we've got a whole bunch of stuff here. Like, is there anything that you're needing? Really? Because we haven't done much work for them for a long time? Yep. Kind of just triage and say, No, if there anything, there's 123 things that are really high priority for you then. Then we'll try to, we'll see if we can get them in, in the next few months. Otherwise, let's lump everything together and and plan to work on it. And then yeah, then we can talk about how that looks. For sure. Sometime, but yeah, I wasn't planning to put much into that. Because of how much other stuff there is. There is going here. Yep.

Speaker 2  21:23
So yeah, with all of that. Yeah, that fills up our November very much, especially with us being out stuff. And then December, it's gonna be some wrap up, follow up on those continuation of different things. I'd like Yeah, I think at some point, before long, we should start looking hard at when to get in. ZTE K TK, phase four and zsp phase two. And these things pillars as machinery end up designer, if we prioritize those under existing clients, those are easily out to January, February, right.

Speaker 2  22:13
So yeah, January is unlikely given this stuff right here. So more likely, February. Makes sense. So anyway, I guess that's about all I have. Thoughts on the Golden Rule lumber, high level design, is that something that you think is likely to come through? Oh, it just

Speaker 1  22:53
maybe I'm not quite sure. I don't know for sure. I mean, it's not very key, because it's not really a posting, but it might be revenue for us. I mean, are for Matthias actually, probably more than for me.

Speaker 4  23:09
So something else I've gotten? I think it was actually yesterday, I guess with birth times. This was the first of the month but I got project management reminders for country kettle and new light health check back in with them about design. But with this pipeline, that we are already filling up, should I wait until the beginning of the year to reach out to them? Or what do we think about all well, genetics is also in there somewhere?

Unknown Speaker  23:45
Yeah, all right. I don't mind

Speaker 1  23:58
I think I wouldn't mind now before they're in the middle of the holidays. Just reaching out and saying, hey, just touching base. We've got a pretty full pipeline for this year. We're so look at 2024 and, and wondering if you'd be interested and if you'd wish to if you're if you'd wish to talk or something like that. I think that's worth doing. Yeah. So now, it'll also be interesting to see what happens with Tim once you go full time. That'll be fairly different. I think too. So

Speaker 2  24:39
I think so too, because it allow me to have larger, larger chunks of time or blocks of time that we which Yeah, yeah, that's one of the frustrations. Wiles. Yeah, it's either walk an hour or two at a time and fitting out There's nothing around it or three or four hours at a time and other stuff really suffers. So, yep, makes sense. Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  25:10
Okay. Well, I think that was good. Progress is quite worthwhile. So

Speaker 2  25:16
are you good? All right. And we're gonna touch base. All up again.

Unknown Speaker  25:23
A few weeks. Sounds great. Thank you. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  25:27
yeah. All right. Thank you. Bye bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai