Speaker 1  00:11
They can do that, I think probably goodwill. Yes, good.

Speaker 2  00:27
So you can ignore anything about steel buildings. Perry and I took the ax to that yet last night, because it needed to happen, and I don't know why I didn't, well, actually, I do know why I didn't before, but ignore anything about the steel buildings. I

Speaker 2  00:53
All right, so, so we're adapting what the what we want to use this hot seat for quite a bit, given some conversations between Richard and I and Perry in the mix. So I want to do a little intro explain Richard, how I met him, whatever, who he is. A bunch of you guys have had a chance to talk about it. And the big objective that I would like out of this, out of our time together, is if, if there's a way to explain what I do in the shed industry that makes Richard happy, which, by extension, makes all the people in the shed industry happy, and makes all of you guys happy, in which we have quality communication then, and if we could have that in some form, be absolutely fantastic. I've had two Achilles heels or two kind of challenge, a number of challenges being in the shed industry. Number one, I've been the secret weapon, not the not the not publicly visible. So I've done a bunch of interesting stuff, but nobody really knows about it. And some of my clients really don't like me talking about who they are.

Speaker 3  01:53
Can I say something? Yeah, I am friends with some of his clients. Serve on a committee with one of them, and I never heard his name from any of them, yeah, because they don't want us to know. Yeah. Then,

Speaker 2  02:06
like, when I introduce myself, they share what projects they're working on. If the person knows, they're like, Oh, well, I think I know what project. Okay, fine. Like, whatever. So and Okay, first of all, that, second of all, getting a distribute, getting distribution in here, there's a there's an industry magazine, industry event, but there's not, you can't go spin up ads on Google, Facebook, whatever, to reach these manufacturers. Like that's not a thing. And third of all, this has been plaguing me for quite some time, longer than that, but all the things that make me good as a consultant make me really bad at explaining what it is that I do, and some and I know for a fact that when I'm selling to sophisticated clients, it works well, but when I'm not selling to sophisticated clients, I speak over their head, and they get lost and nothing makes sense, then they don't buy

Speaker 3  03:00
and a lot of the shit. And can you mind if I jump in? Please do a lot of the shed industry. People are very unsophisticated, eighth grade education. We're working out there, working a job, figuring out they can buy some boards, build a shed, and now they have a five to $20 million business. Do not even know if they're making money. They do have cash flow. They know how much you count and and literally you It's horrifying that you can run a 10 to $20 million business and have no idea if you're making any money. But it's normal, very unsophisticated. There's a few sophisticated players, a few very highly sophisticated players in the market, but 80% of them are not at all that fair, yep.

Speaker 4  03:44
Well, I'm just, I'm just thinking, like, what is the distribution? Is there, like, one mega guy? Is it a bunch of little people? Is it pretty consolidated? What, like, what is typical, five or 10 million?

Speaker 2  03:56
It's hard to make less than a million selling sheds,

Speaker 3  03:59
right? Like, yeah, you really have to not right. There's not a ton of people.

Speaker 2  04:09
There's so best numbers I have of industries. Do you mean industry size?

Speaker 4  04:12
Yeah, I think I was throwing around numbers like five to 10. Is that like the top 1% or is

Speaker 2  04:19
so the top, top 10 to 20% are going to be in the 20 like, the top 5% is probably 10 to 50 million. Don't you think,

Speaker 3  04:26
yeah, with, with a tough shed is the largest, and I think they're what, 200 250 million. And then there's a few competitors to tough shed that are at that level, but maybe two or three.

Unknown Speaker  04:40
So do you deal with those guys? Or, like,

Speaker 2  04:42
no, like, the five to 20 is kind of five to 1020 is kind of the sweet small guys. We think, I think maybe 4000 I don't, do you have better numbers in the US, in the US

Speaker 3  04:57
and that, that includes the guy working out in the back of his truck, doing $500,000 a year, right? With one helper.

Unknown Speaker  05:10
We're sitting here with our We're like two why?

Speaker 1  05:13
Remember when I noticed this, like in the work force after I graduate graduate college and thinking No, there's no way these blue collar industries are doing so well. I decided to do it, and it even to this day, it still blows my mind,

Speaker 2  05:27
right? So you're talking revenue numbers, revenue numbers.

Unknown Speaker  05:32
What's the distinction between

Speaker 5  05:33
them being a contractor working on the back of their truck, versus a manufacturer, where they have inventory of a standardized product,

Unknown Speaker  05:44
how much they specialize? You have handymen and such that

Speaker 3  05:48
sometimes, yeah, they don't even register on the regular, okay,

Speaker 5  05:52
so these 4000 are people that like they have a product line and they're building the same thing, yes,

Speaker 3  05:59
or specializing, highly customizable, I'm going to say less than 5% are working out of the back of their truck. Maybe 2% that's just the bottom. Okay, this is the bottom. Here's a very typical a small shop, two or three guys building in the shop, a couple of sales lots, an office manager slash sales and doing two to $5 million extremely common.

Speaker 1  06:26
You see him like behind small hardware stores too,

Speaker 2  06:30
right? And you sell to the guys that are a step above them, just just as a small step above them, I have sold to the people who are at that two to five mark. And there's definitely opportunity to sell them. Depending on how the offer is structured, there's no reason to exclude them. Okay, yeah, so I'm

Speaker 1  06:47
not clear on this. Do you teach them how to build better businesses or how to build better shits businesses? Are you aware your website doesn't say the word shed anywhere on it?

Speaker 2  06:58
That's not the topic of this better messaging that explains what I do. Yes, one is to branch point. Let's say

Speaker 6  07:09
somebody has a $2 million business. What are they taking home from that business? How profitable is it? If within a range are they? Are they making? There's a two part question that's the first part, are they making a good living? They should

Unknown Speaker  07:25
be making five to 15.

Speaker 3  07:26
Yeah, 10% is a normal number for a fairly well, but not optimized shed business, and that comes from a guy that's looked at buying 50 to 100 companies so the owner could

Speaker 6  07:41
be banking personally with two to 250 $2 million top line. Richard to the second thing, what is the pain they're feeling? So that feels like you're making sheds for a living. You're making two to $500,000 a year. Life's looking pretty good for a lot of people.

Speaker 3  07:58
No, they're stressed out. They're frustrated. Their sales people are independent contractors. For the most part, they're prima donnas, and there's friction between distribution and and manufacturing, and between the sales team and manufacturing, between the set they're just there's see a lot of it's delivered by an independent contractor, but even if it's in house, there's just constant friction between the two. Friction is the big issue, yes,

Speaker 2  08:27
top of this, but on top of this, then they're like, there's always ego and like, there's always ego here. So I am. I have an eighth grade education. I'm not. I mean, whatever, I feel intimidated by all these big guys. I want to be one of the big guys. So I want to scale. So what do I do? Well, I go pay $20,000 through marketing company for some kind of website. I go pay the same amount of money for D builder, and then I go bring on, like, two more sales people, and, like, it's not working. Or I go, actually, this, actually, these are all examples of things that have happened. Or I go double my shop size. We're over, over. We have more production capacity that we need. So I'm going to double my shop size because I want to grow. I

Speaker 6  09:07
just want to focus on your question. Your objective is what you just described. The thing that most views, the cliche keeps these owners up at night, that friction that I'm not liking this business anymore, and then right to that advice is that what you saw,

Unknown Speaker  09:27
hopefully,

Speaker 5  09:28
is, is, is this definition? You're seeking a way to explain it internally,

Speaker 2  09:36
between smart, it's more marketing. It is marketing focus, if Richard, okay, here's here's where Richard and I can work together. Richard has no problem forming opinions about things that he likes. He has no problem broadcasting that opinion. He has no problem telling stories and wing people over and getting him to getting him to like him. And he has a nice Facebook following in the shed industry and beyond because of who he is. He's very articulate with his words. And I he's the salesperson counterpart, but he can't sell something if he can't articulate it, and it has to be articulated in a way that the industry understands. So it is something that Richard can use to explain what I do to the shed industry, that I can then also have as front and center marketing copy that I don't try to reinvent or touch. This is just who I am and what I do and what happens after, when we start working together. Gives so help. Fred Flint, sell, Stephen Hawking, that's that's

Unknown Speaker  10:33
what we're doing here. Targets,

Unknown Speaker  10:42
that's me,

Unknown Speaker  10:44
your target size. They don't know

Unknown Speaker  10:48
is that you said they don't.

Speaker 4  10:51
You said they don't even know what they're making or if they're profitable,

Speaker 3  10:55
or, yeah. Problem so ego. He mentioned ego, and let me describe this, the problem a little bit more in detail, ego is a big thing if you are a two to $5 million shed company, which is on the smaller side, like he's saying, the majority of shed company owners come from three religious groups, the Amish, the Mennonite and a very strict segment of the holiness Churches like you roll those up, and you probably rolled up well over 50% take tough shit out of the market. And you've got 75% of the market right there. They tend to be unsophisticated, and you have that two to $5 million shed company. You have the largest business in church. And money is really important in those cultures. And so status in those religious cultures does tie into your financial status. So you might be broke, but you got cash, and you got the nicest truck in church, and you write the nicest, biggest checks out, and then update. You go to a shared Expo, and everybody's peacocking. That's pathetic. So they don't know like but behind the scenes, they're bankrupt, but they don't even know it, but they got cash flow somehow they so does

Speaker 7  12:11
it change much when you get past the 5 million, or is that problem exist up to

Speaker 3  12:16
the 10 million? I've seen it go there's a $50 million company that had three months to bankruptcy, and they thought they were wealthy, and that was a that was a top five accounting firm, audit, due diligence,

Speaker 8  12:31
wow, could you explain in like, half a minute what you do as a starting point

Speaker 2  12:36
for I don't, and I've always struggled, because I've done all kinds of things, like in my systems and my people like, so the types of things I've done is owner comes in and I have these really annoying salespeople, and he's really just a jerk, and I knew he was going to be a pain to work with when I hired him, because that's what his previous boss is said. And so I come in and have this conversation, hey, what's going like? Actually start working with the sales team, weekly sales meeting, stuff like that. What's going on? Well, I've been trying to sell these buildings, and customers are calling back. They said, six weeks, and it's eight weeks, and where are the buildings? And the customers are calling me, it's on me. I can't sell something if we can't like that. I don't believe in, like, what's going on. And the owner is, like, Ah, that was just, it was a fluke. Like, it's not gonna happen well, but it happened six months ago. Like, really? And so like, okay, let's have a conversation. Like, how about we set up some cadence where we actually like, monitor production, monitor lead times. Create a communication loop with the sales people. Set those expectations actually fix production so that it's actually producing. Go, go, drive two hours to pick up that heater that you need that that thing that you need to fix the furnace in the shop so that your paint can dry in time in the in the winter for these things to go out the door, like and and pay the guy, pay your office assistant, to go do that. Like, this is not rocket science. Um, so it's things like that. It's like, oh, maybe, maybe emails should not be manually routed from the GM, who's overworked already out to the individual dealers. Like, maybe we should put a CRM in place automatically route emails. Like, maybe we should actually track close rates on customer Incoming, incoming lead emails, incoming consumers, leads coming in through Google ads or Facebook. Maybe we should not manually distribute those so that there's a 48 hour turnaround time. Maybe we should build some accountability on close rates. Like it sounds like, I think there's a cliche in sales, something like, sell them what they want, give them what they need, right? And so I

Speaker 7  14:42
think You led your discussions with the issue discussion just now with what they want, which is, I want to solve some kind of problem. You join on between me and myself, right? That's, that's one example of the problem. And what they need is operations. They need better operations,

Speaker 2  15:01
right? I better operations if you had to boil everything down of what I do into a single word. I think it's systems in some form, some tech enabled, some non tech enabled. I wonder if there's a

Speaker 7  15:18
way to when you say describe what I do in a way that everyone loves. Are you thinking of describing systems repair in a way that your clients

Speaker 2  15:27
love, right, okay, or understand and grasp and want to insult your bleeding neck, because

Speaker 7  15:33
it could be that they're not going to understand that until you have a longer discussion, and in the meantime, you need to say something like, are you tired of grossing 5 million a year and only having 100k in the bank account? My question was, if these companies that are close to the edge, and they, quote, unquote, don't know it, is there some visible metric that would mean something to them? Like, I only have 100k in the bank account. I really feel like it should be 250 k in the bank account. What? What's wrong? Or can you, or can you create that vision of you? Really, if you're making this much in revenue, you should have this much. Your friend down the street with the ship company, has this much in this checking account. There's something wrong with this. Fix it in order for good.

Speaker 2  16:28
So I want to add one piece of context quick. Our plan of engagement is start with a 360 degree. Let's find all the friction points, and let's go fix all the easy things. And let me, let me give you an action plan that's actually simple and easy to execute on

Unknown Speaker  16:47
the biggest problem first and then,

Speaker 5  16:50
well, or it doesn't really matter what the solution is, solution. So

Speaker 1  16:54
I think what this is, this is Bar Rescue, right? You got to come in as you have to come in as the general, the disciplinarian. I'm going to come in and fix all the shit that's wrong. Maybe you can't swear going on with purpose. I'm going to fix all the stuff that's wrong. You're going to do what I say in six months or three like, whatever promise. You're going to do what I say. We're going to I'm going to systematically go through and does your book? Name your process? Do you have a proprietary process?

Speaker 2  17:25
I don't forget. I forget if I gave it a proprietary name, I think I have a name for it. Slap it

Speaker 1  17:30
on. I mean, every coach has a process. I call my spark. Okay, name your process. I'm going to come in, I'm going to do the spark process, or the five, whatever the process is, and we are going to work together, and we're going to do what I say, and at the end of whatever time frame, this is going to be the result, but you got to do what I say, when I say it, and then I fix every part of your business.

Speaker 5  17:56
I like. What Matt said, though, is what you described. Richard. Doesn't surprise me at all, and you can back into that number based upon the size that you're pitching to. So if it's a 1 million just to use round number, if it's a $1 million sales company, then they should have at least two months worth of operating expenses in the bank. So that would equal X dollars, 200,000 worth. And it's very simple, if you don't have this, they know they're struggling,

Speaker 3  18:36
but they don't want to admit it, right? Can I go ahead? No headaches? Though,

Speaker 1  18:43
like fire rescue. Let me fix your menu. Let me fire that chef that's an asshole, like your servers killed, like you never know when they take away my problems. He I eliminate all the problems in your business, and I do what it takes to get you to a place where you're happy. I

Speaker 5  19:01
still like Nats. I agree. I like nats as a marketing hook. Like, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  19:09
that's like,

Speaker 1  19:10
everyone says over the Netflix or whatever, but it's like, if they ask what you do, well, if you've seen the show Bar Rescue,

Unknown Speaker  19:17
they're Amish. So, yeah, we have, okay,

Speaker 1  19:20
somebody says that, like, do you have you seen Bar Rescue? I do that in the chat industry. I come in and I fix every problem that gives you a headache and keeps you up at night. And I never know no engagement is the same, but when I'm done, you are happy. Your wallet is happy, your wife is happy. Like you deliver a result of happiness

Unknown Speaker  19:43
and the community respects you exactly.

Unknown Speaker  19:47
Shed rescue, there you go. Boom,

Unknown Speaker  19:49
is it taken?

Speaker 9  19:52
A little confusing. I if I read that, I wouldn't assume that it was a shed business rescue. Yeah, like a ship or chair. So shed business,

Speaker 1  20:04
that's a comparison. Like he could say, Hey, have you seen the show bar? Rescue, yes. And they go yes or no. Well, let me tell you what they do, boom, boom,

Speaker 3  20:15
boom, buy, shed rescue and forward it to shed business. Rescue, sure.

Speaker 1  20:19
But I mean, that's you are. You are a fixer of headaches, a fixer of progress. I'm a flusher.

Speaker 5  20:30
Example of a way that you solve the problem. For someone,

Unknown Speaker  20:38
where you solve this problem, they had this problem. You saw.

Unknown Speaker  20:41
I gave you some he's got a bunch.

Speaker 1  20:44
But if there's any common thing, you could even niche it even more. I solved this problem for for the shit. I mean, you

Speaker 2  20:51
know, I make your it's an opening for the rest of the thing. I make you stop hating your dealers. I don't know if I could just so

Speaker 7  20:58
like that. If you tend to go into the details of the process, because you've got you very naturally from the results to the way that you got the results, because your assistant's guide, you understand. Okay, so just like anything, that's your system's mind, you can leave out when talking about what it is that you've done. So to take your example, I removed friction between our I removed friction between the owner of the sales team, so that the company doubled its revenue with six months, right? So you got, you solved the problem, so that we had, so that they had this result. And heard what Richard said about the need for status, the one for like two dancing cars instead of one, like you just always translate it into some kind of result. And then you've got your magic. You can work anytime you sit down in the summer, but just when you're describing what you do in a way that they're going to love, you think about the comic, like the things that you've done, translate them into a result. I think that's that's your

Unknown Speaker  22:05
river ball. I think that's, that's your

Speaker 2  22:09
simpler kind of like the mark victory, simple shed, simple. We put roofs like we do

Speaker 1  22:13
roofs, right? Like this shorter it can, I can see that for you guys. Like how to shorten that?

Speaker 8  22:19
Happy shed, yeah. This is what your business looks like, and you can name the parts. It's a broken down shed. So a metaphorical like your roof is your sales team. Your walls are this that, but you show this to them to grab their attention. Yes, this is what

Speaker 3  22:35
if you feel like your shed business, if your shed business feels like this, we can turn it into this,

Unknown Speaker  22:43
yeah, before and after, and it's a picture of their

Unknown Speaker  22:48
product. Yeah, AI pulling their best shed, their best. Yeah.

Speaker 2  22:52
I like that because, because historical experience selling to highly tangible, tactile people. They yes, they get jets, they get this is what your business looks like. Yeah, it'll hit them. It's like, No, it doesn't.

Unknown Speaker  23:06
So the thing that he didn't cut, oh, I'm sorry, go.

Unknown Speaker  23:10
Sheds the hassle, keep the profits.

Unknown Speaker  23:18
Shed the hassle, keep the profits. That's really good. No, that's

Speaker 3  23:22
really good. So another thing he's not very didn't bring into this. He not only can do this with like he did a 360 degree examination of the whole process, and he removes, identifies the bottlenecks and the friction points, and then on top of the processes, whatever. He also can build dashboards so you can see where your company is at any given time. And I hear more and more people clamoring for dashboards. One of the largest rent to own companies in the shed market gives their like, oh, you can use our software for free. And then they get all of your sales data. They get all your customer data. They get everything for the cash sales. And then we'll give you a dashboard that shows you all this information. No, you don't want your rent on company having that information. Then we use it against you someday. Promise I'm the competitor, so I gotta say that. And then he can give that, create that for these company owners, the dashboard that lets him see what how their business is performed. He can tie in their CRMs into whatever he can do. All those integrations. He can write the software if he needs to. He can do all that stuff and do it very well. Just

Unknown Speaker  24:27
don't talk about any of that,

Speaker 3  24:30
right? 100% I'm just telling you all right. So the example I used is like, when I go I used to sell sheds. I'm on the rental side. Now, when I sold shed, I want to know how many nails go into each intersection of the skin underneath the shed and the two by six or two by four floor joints? I will never tell the customer that they don't care. You will kill them, but I need to know so that I can sell that shit, man, our floor joists will never come off in transport like you ever see those shed like it was the news here a while back. You would never see that with our shed, because they're built rock solid. I would tell them, because there's six nails in each intersection.

Speaker 1  25:09
Well, then Logan's analogy works, because what happens to a shed like that during a tornado, windstorm, hailstorm, it's, it gets demolished. That's what that's that's what they're facing.

Speaker 3  25:19
And then so converting that to what he does, he identifies the friction points, the bottlenecks, systems and tools to eliminate them. It's

Speaker 2  25:30
like, it's like the final it's, it's like, I am the hauler who comes in and is getting ready to load up the building and checks the building to make sure it's all good before it goes out. And I tell you everything that the production team should already have been doing and but the hauler is just there griping about it. I actually go over to the production team and be like, Alright, guys, like, you got to fix this, this, this and this, not only to fix the shed, but make sure it never happens again. And that's my job in your business. That's what the Shaw

Speaker 3  25:58
haulers typically do. They take it out anyway and say, Screw them. They will. They I told him 10 times, nobody cares. And then the customer's upset, and they jump on the hauler pages on Facebook and bitch about it. And the customers are like this a major friction point, and nobody knows how to fix it. There's shed hauler

Unknown Speaker  26:18
pages on Facebook. Yeah, shed hauler. Shed sales join

Unknown Speaker  26:21
them. They'll kick you off. Manufacturing,

Speaker 6  26:28
industrial businesses probably about the same size, give or take, my best client is always somebody who's actually a very good operator, but that wants to do something better, or maybe has a blind spot that once pointed out they can correct good managers and created they did, they did some good work to get to that point in time where we're even meeting. It sounds like your meta description and your audience. You wouldn't necessarily identify them as particularly good business people. I don't put words in your mouth, but that sounds like that. So my question is, you know, even a Bar Rescue, you're still leaving it in the hands of somebody to keep running the thing, right? So if somebody is like if they continuously played with fire and gasoline, and that's why they burned on bar after bar. There's no Bar Rescue that's going to solve that, right? So that's the question for you, excuse me, it's good entertainment.

Unknown Speaker  27:29
Are you going to be working

Speaker 6  27:31
with people you want to work with that will say, Oh, that's great. Let's do more of that. Or are they like it. The moment you're gone, the Matthias effect goes away and it all goes to crap again. If

Speaker 1  27:46
you have a management element to it, I know that would be more staff and everything down there, but you were their management, so then you took over their management. I

Speaker 2  27:56
think there's room for continuity. So one of the things that Richard mentioned is that there's a big hunger and need for round, like, peer groups within there. And so there could be a virtual peer group component, and also go fly to Colorado and stay at the four star hotel in our little town down the block and meet up during the day or whatever. And then there's also the let's not just deliver you a dashboard. Like, let's have meetings. And like, dear business owner, like, here's the crisis. Like, focus, focus, focus. Like, get it done. Like, where are you at? Like, over here, over here. Or possibly some fractional management, where it's just like, you can have some EAS or something to say, hey, go do this, or AI automation, or whatever, to help, help with management. I think there's definitely a room for that. I like that as a business model, because then my the whole goal is de risking so how do we build in continuity, into into this and entrench ourselves? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  28:47
you're probably gonna

Speaker 10  28:48
say no for a lot of reasons. But why don't you just buy a chef company and build it, grow it yourself, or help somebody who's doing it right, as Jose mentioned, actually will listen and do it right, help them grow it. It sounds like you've gotten a lot of diamonds in the rough, but even if you came in told them what to do, they wouldn't do it. And it's almost like maybe you're the ones to do it. I throw that out. Does that have any legs? I'm

Speaker 2  29:24
I'm open to this also came up in the January meeting.

Speaker 10  29:30
I thought as much, and I guess maybe it's something you don't want to

Unknown Speaker  29:33
do so, but

Unknown Speaker  29:36
if it's well, run what's the EBITDA,

Speaker 4  29:39
it could also be a six month contract with a share of some sort of profit share or Upswing share. If you spent six months with them, would they be able to potentially maintain once you leave? Well, if you

Unknown Speaker  29:55
or three years even,

Speaker 10  29:57
are you guys the man? Could you do it? Could you manage one of those? Is that something the skill set you all

Speaker 2  30:04
have, I've never been on the actual manufacturing side. There's All right, here's the nose, but you gotta go through the nose to get to the S's nose is, I am, fundamentally, I've worked with Josh long and done one of His disc things, and he says, and I've also culture index would say about the same thing. I am I a visionary or an integrator? Nobody knows. I kind of have a co type of personality to myself and like so do I really want to go buy straight up? Know if I had an invest, an investor that I was aligned with and there was nice upside, and solved short term cash flow issues and all of that, I think there's a world in which that would exist. The other potential no is, what am I going to do? Am I going to buy? There are no local companies to buy. Do I want to jump on a plane if I ever need to go on site to go fix problems there? So, but maybe, but maybe the right person will listen. I'm sorry your person that when we but if it's the right person who could listen, and you got good management, like there's, there's a lot that you can do in like three days a year, and just

Speaker 1  31:23
when with your software, you can see where they are. You can see, right?

Speaker 2  31:27
Yeah, there's the in between, but then there's the What am I not seeing that needs to happen, probably in person, just to get some kind of,

Unknown Speaker  31:36
yeah, Anthony, you guys

Unknown Speaker  31:40
have talked a lot here.

Speaker 1  31:42
Doesn't business. Oh, yeah, yeah, with the software everything absolutely, because you're, it allows you to manage in real time every day. That's kind of like what Scott and I have been doing with our software called jobber. Like they're, they can do the same thing for all kinds of businesses, but you're focusing on shed companies. But it helps tremendously to be able to not look back from the last quarter and say, what did we do that made money, or what did we do that didn't make money? It's way easier for you every single day

Unknown Speaker  32:14
or every single week. What's your connection with daughter?

Unknown Speaker  32:18
We use it for our company. Yeah, got friends

Speaker 3  32:21
that use it. Oh, just curious. Yeah, it's good. You guys can custom,

Speaker 1  32:26
make a custom software for your clients, which is

Unknown Speaker  32:31
unique, right? Yeah, since you have a

Speaker 4  32:33
long history industry from past clients, is there like a length of engagement where the relationship has grown its course, or it kind of stopped listening to you. Does that give you any clues as to how to

Speaker 2  32:51
answer this and phrase it in the timing? I don't think people stop listening to me. I think they just never listened to me in the first place, and it was 12 or 18 months before they got tired of paying me money like, yeah, quickly is impossible.

Speaker 5  33:10
So has this discussion gotten you closer to knowing how to pitch Matthias to your clients? Richard

Speaker 3  33:25
Well, recap what you said. That was, that was the one that resonated the boat best with me without you pitch

Speaker 1  33:36
it well the analogy, I like the picture, but the analogy is, I come in to a shed business, much like Bar Rescue. The question is, have you seen the show Bar Rescue? No, they haven't. Okay, so you need to explain Bar Rescue. Here's what happens. So when someone goes in, I'll remember the guy's name, goes in and takes takes over the business for a period of time, and it is my way or no way. Like, if you don't do what I say, I'm gone, that's what this guy does. And if the server needs to be fired, if the menu needs to be resigned, like all of that, I come in and do whatever it takes to get you to a point where you're actually happy to be in this business. And you can sleep well at night knowing that it's running well, and you can brag to your friends and family, whatever. It's a version of that that picture probably sells it, but the description helps understand what that picture is really important.

Speaker 9  34:32
Is it actually a good analogy? If most people who grew up Amish don't know what Bar Rescue is? No,

Unknown Speaker  34:40
I yes or no, I don't know

Unknown Speaker  34:43
Well, that would be my like,

Speaker 1  34:47
all the other stuff in terms of, like, process and operation, sales, that seemed Fred flister doesn't understand

Speaker 3  34:53
that. I just figured out what my problem was. I didn't know how to tell it in story form, which is the way I communicate and what he's telling me, like, so, so no, it's not a good analogy, but I can tell this story to an Amish person now. I mean, you don't go to the bar wink, because while the Amish dudes, person, or if it's men, like, first I look I know you and I don't go to the bar, but there's this thing, I don't even watch TV. I know you don't either. I'm actually in the conversation. There's this show, and I actually pulled up some of the episodes and watched it, where there's bars that are struggling, and they have a really a ton of potential. They got to meet some criteria. And then you guys go in there, and they actually go in and just kind of take over. They they do a deep dive of everything, to analyze everything. They have all the tools to analyze all the details. And they identify the friction points and all the problem areas. And then they tell the bar owner, you've got to do this, or they walk you got to do this and this and this. And the end, the bar owner has a business. It's running like a well oiled machine. Got more peace, it got more time with the family. That's a big trigger point for the opportunity. And just all like, there'll always be problems in business. That's part of the game, but all these friction points that are so unnecessary that are robbing your piece and your time to go help with the cam project that's inside our lingo, you know, disaster relief and all the all these friction points can be eliminated. It's gonna cost you some money, but you're gonna have way more money in the end of this year than you will, if you like, if you want to hook up with that guy. I got it.

Unknown Speaker  36:37
What are you gonna say? You Saying

Unknown Speaker  36:42
that was missing.

Speaker 3  36:44
I was sitting there going, you guys, but I just don't have putting a story.

Speaker 2  36:47
All right. Typical Richard fashion. We're at time, right here. Thank you guys. Good job.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai