Speaker 1  00:00
Stories that could be shared with, shared with with folks, and whether it's you directly, or whether there are doors to building suppliers or other people that could, where we could shoot fish in a barrel, the end game being can we? Can we come up with a, can I come up with a, like, a three grand a month retainer, and find about 14 different shed companies where I can be on retainer and like, helping them fix all this stuff. Perry, is that a good summary? Yeah, anything to add, it

Unknown Speaker  00:41
seems like it ties into Richard's. People who don't rip people off

Speaker 1  00:47
club, right? And I don't this doesn't have to be some kind of you did this for me. What can I do for you? And then you I know you mentioned, we talked about conflict of interest, but there's a way that this we could help facilitate your people you need to work with and who don't rip people off club that you've been talking about, like, if we can Still, if me, Audra, whatever can help facilitate making that happen, especially on the probably more the admin side and orchestration side of maybe that doesn't even have to be formalized, But, yeah, I don't know like

Unknown Speaker  01:38
I am that person. That person. I get that

Unknown Speaker  02:00
too. Can you Jason,

Unknown Speaker  02:09
Chelsea, taking pictures with you?

Speaker 2  02:14
What can you know, I went five different directions. Oh, you did.

Unknown Speaker  02:19
Oh, it's all over Tiktok and Instagram.

Speaker 2  02:23
Kelsey himself talked about it, but I got down there, what kind of what are the a

Unknown Speaker  02:40
lot of our clients are, I haven't paid. I got pain points, yeah, one of the tools that I've been using now, and I've only got a couple of that we're like, really that narrow tool, organizational, small tool, one of my

Speaker 2  03:18
most annoying clients that we kept talking about, do we want to get rid of? Get rid of him? Because none of us welcomed his phone calls through the process of working with an EOS coach has become a client where my boss said, Richard, what have you done to him? Because he doesn't annoy anyone. Bail anymore. He's one of our favorite clients.

Unknown Speaker  03:38
Yeah. Well, yep. And

Speaker 2  03:41
I said I just spent a lot of time coaching here. I got him hooked up with Steve by EOS. Okay, so to see I can, I can tell them, like, look, you're having this, this problem you need to talk to about EOS. It's gonna cost y'all boatload of money. And you suck it up and you do

Speaker 1  04:08
with my eyes closed, here's a real example. I'm gonna be pitching to a client, shed client, switch to shed app. What does shed app say? Oh, we're gonna integrate with EBMs. You should switch to EBMs because we're getting ready to integrate? Well, that's been three years ago, all the all the dealers are double entering orders into shut app and into EBMs. I'm like, this is an integration. Nobody else knows that. And we talked about this a little bit. Nobody knows nobody else knows how to pull data out of the shut app, but I can, and I proven that I can. So I can pull payment information out and we can create automation to push it into EBMs. So the tech, all the tech side, is shooting fish in a barrel. The other pieces, too, that I'm very interested in is, is sales dashboards, if you can pull in VoIP data and you can create dashboards around salesperson behavior? Are they actually calling people back? What is their close rates based on contact rates? How much do you turn up the heat on marketing because of non contactable leads? You know, like that whole gamut. Like, let's install the dashboard, let's put some training in place, and then other simple stuff. Like, let's build a cadence for having dealer communication, communication with your dealers and fixing problems. Like, it's not rocket science. Another simple example, there's a dealer that was fussing about the like, the production manager throws buildings on the production line to round out production, and just is selling these really crappy buildings, like ugly green whatever. And he's like, it's they're like, the dumbest thing. Well, you most, a lot of the owners and GMs and production heavy companies look at that, and they're like, Oh, look at little whiny pants over here. Who can't sell dumb green buildings? Well, what I did is, I was like, let's turn this into numbers. Statistically, production managers buildings stay on the lot two to three months longer than the other buildings. That's for this millionaire quarter dealer. That's $250,000 a year in revenue because of inventory. Turn like, there's your number. So go fix the problem, like it's a profit problem. Now, so part of my, part of my job in this case, and this actually was, this was with Yoders. When I was working with Yoders, the owner had much the same sentiment. He's like, I just have these diva, finicky, like, bitchy salespeople, dealers who don't like, they're just the pain to work with. And I sat down with them and like, and they're saying things like, we promised customers a six week lead time and we're missing it. I'm like, well, that's not bitchy, like you actually told your sales team that you can promise a six week delivery and you're not fulfilling so go fix production. Oh, that was just a one off thing. Well, have you considered putting a process in place to make sure that your lead times are actually up to date and you're actually held to your lead times? No, no. Oh, we should probably do, yes, you should do that like it's all that. I don't know how you put that into a bottle, but

Speaker 2  07:17
we do a deep dive into your business. And I'm really good. I'm just speaking your voice, identifying bottlenecks and high friction points, and I give you actionable ways and tools to solve that, not just ideas like a lot of consultants will give you, I have the ability to give you the tools and the action steps to solve. And

Speaker 1  07:44
if you don't have anybody to build it, I can build it. And if you have somebody who like and I can translate it to the people for the people who need to build it as well, if necessary. Yeah, that's and I've been starting with it, yes, and I've been starting with a deep dive. And this is one of my AI plans. Is like, I mean, it's all very manual, process oriented, but at this point, but there's a bajillion things. Like, are you collecting Google reviews? And like, is there a reason why not? Like,

Speaker 2  08:22
I manufacturers are very unsophisticated, make some prime targets for charlatans to come in there and sell them. And people are getting jaded. I'm hearing an uptick in sarcastic remarks about consultants in the shed industry. And I've been doing this stuff behind the scenes. One of the differences between me and some other people is I don't just give you ideas. I've done this for shed companies behind the scenes. I'm just rolling out success I've had on a more national platform, and I give you the tools, create them, hook you up with them, whatever. Make this simple, like, look, I help you out loud. Okay, we hire a consultant. We give a few minutes of our time. Tell a few people, give them some time. Let's get this report. Oh, this is very cool, and it gets set on a shelf, and you're wasting $50,000 remember, sales people find the report and says, this is, this is the report that you're telling me was so valuable. There was no action plan, there was no bullshit. And I could have literally generated the report like I thought of every aspect in there give me a little bit higher level of access to the company, and I could have created the same report and I have no skills in bullshit. They paid $50,000 for they became a laughingstock. And then when they talk about consultants, they still put their fingers back into that they're jaded.

Speaker 2  10:16
These people are not, generally speaking, not, highly sophisticated. People in the shed industry are highly sophisticated. Jonathan, all right, the guy, Phil, falls between behind RTO national, very sophisticated. There are RTO companies. One of the largest, not the largest, one of the largest RTO companies in the marketplace is doing RTO on product lines that they do not know if they are profitable or not, yeah, and they're making decisions based on friction, not profitability. There are probably two. There are probably less than 10 RTO companies that have trustworthy profitability report.

Speaker 1  11:04
By the way, when Dwayne was demoing this thing, one of the guys he was demoing it to was like, You mean we could pull this report, this report, this we could break it down by this but, and he's like, yep, yep, yep, and yep. He's like, profitability reporting was by far the biggest selling point. Like how? So,

Unknown Speaker  11:34
okay, part of your pitch, I'm thinking out loud, I'm rabbit trailing, telling

Unknown Speaker  11:39
I'm recording. So keep rabbit trailing.

Speaker 2  11:42
Hopefully comes through. One of your things has to be that you're making everything simple. Yeah, they do not need more complexity, they do not need more hassle, they do not need more stress. Yeah, you're simplifying the process. You're simple. I come in, I do the deep dive. I've developed some tools. I got the background noise. I make this process simple. I cannot promise you it will be pain free, but I make it simple. It will be might be hard, but it will be simple. I will make it simple for you. You can keep on doing the other things you need to do. Give me the time that I need, especially on the deep dive,

Speaker 3  12:27
Richard, what circumstances would make you want to put him in front of those people All day long, where it was totally worth the trouble for you to do.

Speaker 2  12:58
Are you saying as like a food current thing, or as like, like something that's sitting there all the time. I have

Speaker 3  13:05
a, I have no expectations as to what kind of answer it needs to be. It could be a full time thing. It could be church for all I care, like anything in between. You and one

Speaker 2  13:33
of my biggest commitments is to help my clients become the best. I want to help them become really, really good. I commend. I mentally eliminate 80% of them, 90% of them, because I don't know how this will help them

Unknown Speaker  13:53
good, but they're

Speaker 2  13:56
two or three guys that just not, they're not at that level. If there was a multi tiered thing, what's

Unknown Speaker  14:07
the entry level? Go ahead?

Unknown Speaker  14:16
Or maybe, I

Speaker 1  14:18
mean, is there a version of this where they pay 500 bucks a month and and six of them get on a group call and we problem solve or except they need more than that. They need things put in place. But,

Speaker 2  14:41
yeah, it. Number one, feedback, more table time. We were paying $1,000 coming this business. If we could, like, have half empty table time, get assigned to a table for the whole event and problem solving. Yeah, so that that has a huge perceived value, actually.

Speaker 1  15:05
Would you be interested one of the one of the advantages, okay, would you be interested in some kind of arrangement where, whether that's completely run by me, or you jump on the call as well, and you get to rep what you're doing, and just facilitating that, facilitating monthly table time for these guys, I would

Speaker 2  15:29
love, love to do that, to facilitate those phone calls, to pull the stuff out of people. Here's, here's the big picture. I want to tell I have a job. It's a job. I'm an employee. It is extremely fulfilling right now. It is the right thing in my time, I'm building tough Boston gear. In the background, tough Boston gear is my retirement plan, primarily with jobs. I don't know how you can hire me away from it like I want to do what I'm doing for who I'm doing for at this season of my life, the income is scalable, and I will never reach the highest goals that I have a little tough pocket here who's fallen saying, but for the next five to 10 years, this is what I want to do. I want tools in my pocket, to become the most valuable my personal goal, by the end of the year, I will be well, I'm walking down that path I got very distracted by all my life talking about to become the most valuable, trusted voice you want. RPO war. Thing very high barrier to some of the

Unknown Speaker  16:46
people that are out there, but, but,

Speaker 2  16:49
and by doing that, by solving people's problems, I want a repertoire of tools in my pocket. I want people I can trust. I cannot send them. So Eugene always was spinning that thing up, I love him. Love him to death. But they're pushing everybody into shed app. If they don't have software and we aren't interfacing, we aren't we can't play nice with shed at Yeah, we just can't. Well, there's a so if I send people to Eugene's way, it automatically introduces the friction point in the relationship, right? You know Eugene. I know Eugenie. That's

Unknown Speaker  17:36
hilarious. Small world.

Speaker 2  17:39
Our mothers were double first cousins, like his grandfather's mom's side and my grandpa were brothers. These two guys married sisters. So my grandma was a sister. My grandpa was his brother to his grandpa. So we have a lot of the same genetics. Anyway, that introduces a friction point. I do not trust a shed geek guy. Yep, there's a reason, a lot of reasons for that. The public perception of who he is or what he brings the table is not

Unknown Speaker  18:11
like misguided.

Speaker 2  18:14
He's really, really good at latching on to good sounding ideas of parroting him as if this was his core operation. And he's my friend. I'm not saying that bad luck. I just I cannot refer anybody, plus they have a competing product to my product, right to my service. And he is like 100% it's not an assumption, willing restaurant to cross ethical boundaries to coach away from he did it after he left our company and he was going back, like, Look, I'm not allowed to solicit you, but if you ever want to talk to me and like, switch to our new company, then you have to initiate the phone call to

Speaker 2  19:00
all of his clients. No How do I know? Because I took over his territory, and they told me I cannot trust this guy. So I need people I can trust. Who do I trust for marketing? I don't even know right now,

Speaker 1  19:15
we can have a conversation about that, but that's a whole other rabbit hole that I

Speaker 2  19:19
need. I need people who turn on marketing. I need people who do system. I have an EOS guy that I completely trust, and a second one is coming on board. Yeah, I trust, you know, I don't know if I'll ever recommend a second one to Steve Bauer. Is the go?

Speaker 1  19:35
Well, he's lived Yeah, on top of being Eos, yeah. Thing is, the

Speaker 2  19:40
other guy has food, but Steve has a whole nother level that he just gold. Yeah, you hear him on the calls, man. Watch him coach somebody. It's just like, oh my goodness, superstar, and he don't even know him anyway. So, like, I got the EOS guy solid for your business structure, like running operating your operating system, yeah, but that does not solve all the things you saw, right? Like it truly does not. This is not competition to you. You don't go in there and teach them how to have meetings and all this kind of stuff. I want a toolbox full of people. I am also a national board promoter. You know how many people in one year started cooking on charcoal? Weber grills? I counted the ones. I knew was over 40.

Unknown Speaker  20:41
I'm guilty. Do you know

Speaker 2  20:44
how many of my friends are buying tapo Chico mineral water and drinking it because of my Yeah, right, yeah, exactly. I'm not even an influencer. I am enthusiastic, yes, and I'm willing to talk and I'm willing to put it out there. Okay, yeah. And so when I'm here, here's what I have to do. Like I believe in you. I don't 100% believe in your product, because I haven't seen it you. You've clarified some stuff to me, but I don't have something in front of me that bullet pointed,

Unknown Speaker  21:12
okay.

Speaker 2  21:15
I need something. I need stuff from you that you can put out at the Shed show

Unknown Speaker  21:21
that says, here's what I do, yes.

Speaker 2  21:24
Okay, I'll reinterpret some of it for the shed industry if you need me to. Yeah. You all, I'm saying yes, and you're good at that, but I'm saying, help write it or whatever. And so when I say I don't necessarily believe, 100% believe in your product. It's not that disbelief in it. I don't have, it's not clear unless I know how the runners are nailed. Now, I'm not going to talk to customer about that,

Unknown Speaker  21:51
right? It'll, it'll kill them, but Right,

Speaker 2  21:53
when I know what's going on with how the runners are nailed the building. Then, then I can sell that shed. Yeah, a lot of salesmen get hung up on that detail that and then, and it's like, no, it's a picture in my head. It's about belief in the product. And when I have that, I believe into 100% like, I wouldn't be engaging with you the way I level I have, if I didn't Okay, I need to understand, and we've talked about this, so I still am not there. Maybe it's because I was so fully distracted. But if I have, if I have the it could be a PDF. I don't need public display, but if I have public display materials, I just encapsulate right some of your stuff.

Speaker 1  22:46
So if I would take, if I would share one of my reports, my one of my reports with you, would that help? Yeah, I I have no problem. I don't think there's any reason even for confidentiality that you can't see it. I'd be happy to share that, and I'm working on a new one that you can see in a week or so. If

Speaker 2  23:12
I have all that, I will jump on board that will support you. I will put it in front of every one of my clients, everybody I speak to, facilitate any conversations. Here's the problem with your Facebook post that you're going to put on the shared stuff go. Nobody has I know, I know you're delivering whatever, but still, your feedback, I'm getting from people, it's only been two, like man, Matthias Miller, stuff is really good, but what do you actually

Speaker 1  23:55
do? It's been my that's a problem. Julian told me, do you know joy and Garber,

Speaker 3  24:01
you're selling money at a discount and you're making bleeding necks stop squirting blood. So what's the most Homer Simpson wizard brain way that he can say that to shed people where they'll understand? Or do you just, do you need? Well, running a shed with him, until he running

Speaker 1  24:21
a shed business is like hitting your thumb with a hammer and I get your thumb out of the way.

Unknown Speaker  24:30
Okay, I

Unknown Speaker  24:32
don't know. But like, what is it that I do? I don't like,

Unknown Speaker  24:38
you find the problem and you

Speaker 1  24:40
make it go away, right? But that's not specific enough for these guys.

Speaker 2  24:45
Here's what I can like I get the first part of it. Yeah, hey, look, I run some COVID. One of my friends is really good at doing a deep dive into a business like, You got friction point, you got stress points always, all the time, you will always have friction points and stress points, but there's always a bunch that are completely unnecessary, but you're too busy putting out all the fires, running everything, handling everything, to figure that all out for a very reasonable rate. It's expensive, but it's reasonable. He will help you identify the friction points and the stress points, the choke points, the bottlenecks in your business, and he can actually put together a suite of tools. You'll grade it, if he has to. You'll integrate other tools and processes that smooth out that stuff, that eliminates that step. Okay, I don't know what to say. Anything

Speaker 1  25:43
for them. Does anything else need to be said? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  25:47
because that thing smoking news at this point.

Unknown Speaker  25:54
Is it a

Unknown Speaker  26:01
it would be

Speaker 2  26:05
like, Okay, so I'm leading into the next statement, like, I don't know what. I'm not him. I'm that's not my job. But, like, some of the stuff that I hear all the time is frustration with the sales people, because there's no good processes. They're not following the processes. They don't know what the traffic is on, the sales, lot, all that stuff, that kind of stuff, the production, what kind of buildings you're being put out there. Everybody has this gut feeling. But you know what? We've learned at Smart pace, we've learned that gut feelings are a gut feelings are a red flag to investigate the data. Yes, they are a gift to us, and we've made dramatic policy changes based on, you know what? This don't feel right? What does the data say? Holy cow, the data shows that it's more than what I thought it was. And so if I have a policy here at SmartPay, it's because the data has shown or because we haven't explored it, but we look at the data that same thing with your inventory, everybody has this gut feeling, and I'm just gonna tell you you don't have no problem telling those people, whatever you think is probably smart and everything you're probably wrong, because the data is almost always different. And he helps you optimize even that, like all this stuff, all this stuff, he just takes his deep dive into just the broad it's like a 30,000 foot view of everything. Then he puts it all together and makes it simple to implement the changes. See, I'm kind of creating my own rest of the talking points, but I need that fleshed out a little bit more so I can throw some examples, but with the qualifier that I don't know what you're dealing I'm just like, this is the kind of stuff.

Speaker 3  27:59
So if you iron that out, and Matthias goes out for the next 12 months, and he does his thing. What thing could he bring back to you, full circle, where you would go? I am so glad that I put him out there to go fix these problems, because what happened

Speaker 2  28:22
was story. Popped in my mind, did one of my friends I sold for him for a number of years, started shed and he went on a hunt for Africa. He came back with a whole bunch of like, a year and a half later, he got a whole bunch of wild game mounts. He spent $100,000 on mounting animals and shipping him to the US. And he took me in his trophy room. He got a lot of pushback out of prison, and he took me in there. He don't show employees his trophy room. He took me in there, and I looked around. I said, You know what? It makes me so happy that I played. That's all I want. Okay, so here's what, just crass, practical. Okay, I am operating. I'm operating. I'm not I want more cash. I want lots more. It's not that I have dreams of larger income. It's not that I'm selling for where I'm at, but I get paid enough to be comfortable. Is I just broken the six figure a couple years ago. It's very, very little, but rent don't took me there 131,000 on my whatever last year. It's not very much mine. I need a lot more to come before I want to come before tough possum gear is building up. In five years, it will be that, okay? I want to build this up to 150 then 200 I want to get my smart pay for a quarter million dollars. That is going to come by serving people and becoming a more trusted I'm already a trusted voice. Okay? I'm on the third year of helping plan the convention. This is the first year I'm not speaking. Straight up. Told him I don't want to speak this year in his breakout sessions, but not main stage. But they were talking about putting on main stage this year. Well, Jonathan disagreed with me, like back, you would be on main stage. I disagree. It's a whole nother conversation. But by that's gonna come by positioning myself that in a higher level activity, on my part, where I become that trusted voice, there's even a wild I smell a possibility of buying into the company down the Road, I smell

Speaker 2  30:55
that all this will open up helping you. If I sit back at the end of five years and you have become one of the most trusted voices in the shed industry, and people love you, and the reports are just off the charts, and I have 510, clients who got to the complete change because they work with you, that's extremely satisfying. In the process, I will elevate my own profile, okay, which will attract more business to me on which I get paid. I'm a huge believer in like, Okay, you gotta pull the money where you can I get that. But there is a thing where I have so stuff in the universe, over and over and over. And the payback is generous with $1,000 stuff. And last year, I was given but I don't even know why, probably

Speaker 2  32:07
$17,000.17 to $20,000 worth of monetary gifts, or my friends got together and bought me a $3,000 smoker. Another guy gave me a 700 grill. Another guy gave me a Yeti, cool, like, just, I just like all this stuff. I have a 700 portable table with $850 accessory, keeping it to me, a $450 knife donations toward all the food for that barn building event. It costs five grand. Give them to me. A guy from Pennsylvania, a food caterer, called up and said, I want to sponsor this whole evening meal. None of this makes sense, but it's what I sowed into the universe, God and what, and it comes back, and that drives a lot of my thinking, like, I can't take that approach with my smart pay, I'll be paid for what I do, but that I'm not.

Unknown Speaker  33:07
I don't even want paid, because there is a path for it. Come back in

Speaker 2  33:15
we're not being altruistic. There's nothing else is altruistic. It's my deeply held values that are proven, they play out over and over and over and many times, there is no direct line, like in this case, there is a direct line come back possibility. Many cases there's no direct line, but I'm convinced they are connected. In the spirit realm, in the universe,

Unknown Speaker  33:39
you cannot give the universe,

Speaker 2  33:43
that's what I'm saying. And see, this doesn't feel like giving, okay, because it is accomplishing my goals. Do you see holes in my thinking? Do

Unknown Speaker  34:01
you know what to do? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  34:02
Well, I mean, you and I got to figure out how to hammer out this thing that's the bottom line and how to communicate. And I feel like, I mean, this is, this is another one of my kind of Achilles heels. Is that I can solve so many different problems, and I don't know how to describe what it is that I do. And like, okay,

Speaker 2  34:21
let's put the pressure on you. Get a hold of my trace.

Speaker 1  34:26
Marty bull. Trace, text me his contact.

Speaker 3  34:40
You and him are like me and John, give me a second, as long as it makes it through the Richard filtering what you should say,

Speaker 3  34:58
you can you can go into the plane, you can dance on the airplane wings, or whatever you want to do, but they have to understand

Speaker 1  35:07
the meat potato part. Well, I think even having his eyes on the report before it goes out, yeah, like, tremendously valuable. And then,

Speaker 3  35:15
then, if he can be selling to a healthy ecosystem,

Speaker 1  35:18
yes. And, like, that's exactly the kind of, okay, there's two universes in the shed world. There's the it's, it's the people like the Richards, you're all grievo, and there's

Unknown Speaker  35:33
lots of other people. It's true in every industry. And

Unknown Speaker  35:36
if we can say, I'm sorry, I

Speaker 1  35:38
mean, there's, there's two groups in every industry, but if you can find the healthy clients who are paired with the healthy vendors, who have healthy relationships, and you can build a health because I've had, I've tried to be a healthy client with or healthy vendor with clients who aren't healthy. And like, there's all these other million ways for it to go wrong. If you can build an ecosystem where healthy clients can find healthy vendors and they can have healthy relationships. Like, that's a thing of beauty, okay? And like, let's just that's, that's kingdom, quite frankly. But like, let's let that just flourish and grow. And

Speaker 2  36:08
so Marty is editor of shed builder or owns, I'm not sure which shed builder magazine. Matt Ho is the editor. I think I've done. Matthias sent you Marty's phone number, and I recommend a text first and email. He also runs the shed Expo. Yep, you need to see if there's any booths there at the shed of Expo. Just take whatever you can get, and then you need to develop your materials by September, have them print it and have them there. And the less bullshit on the materials. Okay, so there's people showing up with low rent appearance. They didn't put any thought into what they're doing. One of Jonathan always companies run by somebody else showed up last year with a horrible, horrible, horrible, I took pictures. I said Donald, I said barnyard financing was a shit show this year, your reputation took a massive hit because of your effing booth. That's why your language it was that bad, okay, but then there's people coming with all the glitz, glamor shed app is that's appropriate to where they are. You don't need that. You need a very simple booth. You put your table in the back and you put a couple of chairs having, this is a heavy conversation.

Unknown Speaker  37:44
We're talking about sheds. Man,

Speaker 2  37:47
shed happens. I in a compelling central message, some bullet points. You do not spend a ton of money on a big backdrop, but you need a backdrop. So sometimes some handout stuff that is really good, not photo copied. You don't need 10 different brochures. Just very simple playoff. What you do, the whole thing should play off like you are simplifying. This is quality. I'm simplifying this. Put that stuff there. Have a good way to get the lead information, and their scanner will get you, like if you do a giveaway, you'll get, well, at the end of the deal, you'll get everybody's contact info if you're a vendor there. But how do you keep track of who you had? Okay? So the reason you put your table in the back because you are not there. If you're there and you have cheap tape measures, whatever, everybody's gonna get them, nobody's gonna pay any attention to it. You put your table in the back, and you have something compelling that is touching their bleeding net in the shed industry right now, and a promise how to simplify the solving of that. And then people will come to your booth, and you're out front, you are personable, you're there, and then they're going to sit down with you and then have something build out your plan, because you have 10 people come by while you have this conversation that, you know, it's really going places. And so you have like, two lines like, really fast, hey, I'd love to talk with you. I'm in the middle of a conversation now. Can I get your car? Can I get your information, and I'll touch base with you. You know, whatever. Anyway, signing up for that booth will put the pressure on you to get this stuff developed. Yeah, and then start hitting shed build a magazine with ads that are congruent with your booth space. No fancy, okay, yep, you don't even want the people who want the glitch and glamor. No, I don't. You do not want the people who are all concerned about the sizzle of the steak. You want the people who like, I, how do I get a crust on my steak and medium rare or rare inside? Like, how do I do that? I can't get that done. I'm gonna make this simple for you, and I'm gonna show you how to do it. Don't use the state team, because smart page, using the state team Exactly. We give away. My boss is playing off of my people. Know the guy that comes around, I grill for my clients and stuff, he's playing off that. For the last three years we've given away good, better, best Weber Grill, charcoal grills. And we actually developed a whole marketing thing about around state. Our backdrop is a fort with steak. So

Speaker 3  40:37
that's a lead generation magnet, influencer marketing, whoever grills. That's hilarious. Did we figure this

Unknown Speaker  40:47
out? Yeah. So what should I do for my hot seat?

Speaker 3  40:52
You've got you guys both do it, and you talk about what you just talked about, and ask everybody poke holes in it and help and get them, get have the audience, get you to explain what you do in a way that they and Richard like that

Unknown Speaker  41:12
would be a very simple objective, okay,

Speaker 2  41:16
powerful thing you can get from this room. I like it, but they're going to have to have some understanding of the bigger picture before. So

Speaker 1  41:23
start with big picture, what you and I are doing, how it's doing then, then me, in my bumbling way, describe what it is that I'm doing, and say and here's the outcome, I need a way that to explain what I do that Richard's happy with and that you guys are happy with, that's actually gonna land with the people. There

Unknown Speaker  41:41
you go. Sweet, good.

Speaker 2  41:42
So what are the bleeding necks? Primary bleeding necks.

Unknown Speaker  41:45
All right, you guys got

Unknown Speaker  41:47
it. Thank you, Terry, you bet. I

Speaker 1  41:50
mean, I've heard things like, sales are down about three minutes. If you need

Unknown Speaker  41:55
to head to the restroom, get a drink out for everybody.

Speaker 1  41:58
They're not down for everybody. There's also just that overworked, hyper, like,

Speaker 2  42:09
I don't know. People do not have systems and processes, just

Speaker 1  42:12
a headache, but they don't even know there's but do they even know that? Do they even know what it can be? So Steve Miller says he likes to sit down with couples, and he starts talking to the husband about what he can do for them, get their life back, and the and the wife is just like, like, please. But I'm not sure, I'm not sure if that so you probably have a better sense of they don't have systems. They don't know how to build systems.

Speaker 2  42:49
Okay, see, that's not the bleeding neck. They're struggling with sales. They're struggling with managing their dealers, their dealer networks. They're struggling to know what their salespeople are doing. They don't the sales. People don't want to be controlled, so people are prima donnas and and, but they need the data, but they need the data in a way that translates to actual plans. Yep, they need. They need, basically, they need a dashboard that will give them a picture of what's going on their business and where they need to put their attention at any given moment. But I'm talking not just about a physical dashboard, and by the way, we can help you with that, but I'm talking about a mindset, right?

Speaker 1  43:41
An approach. Well, what if? What if the $3,000 a month is basically like, let's I'll tell you. We'll tell you where you really need to focus and how to fix that, that area. And so part of what you're getting, and I've ranted about this plenty of times, I'm sure you've seen it on Facebook, is like the biggest enemy is distraction. And so if we could just, if we do nothing else but just block out, focus, focus, focus, get this one thing solved, and we're here to help. And then we go into the next thing, like just creating the focus is worth $3,000 a month for these guys, probably.

Speaker 2  44:15
And then do do round table groups, but each one, each group has,

Speaker 1  44:27
has to be territorial, right? Like, I mean, you have a guy from Oregon and a guy from Colorado and a guy from Kentucky and Florida, like, whatever, so they're non competing, but you don't have

Speaker 2  44:39
three guys from Kentucky, from right, from Kentucky, right? We need two more groups for them, right? We just spin up another group, and that's

Speaker 1  44:48
where you have to have a waiting list to say we have to have at least three people and no more than six or whatever the numbers

Speaker 2  44:58
are. It's helpful. So here's your here's your framework, here's the homework for everybody in the in the group. So that

Unknown Speaker  45:20
way. I can come up really.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai