Matthias Miller  01:04
Hey again. Again. All right. Yes, the thoughts on new and it's pretty early, but that's in the new call structure and in Pune dynamics.

Speaker 1  01:21
Yeah, I'm excited about it, I think it'll be good. I think that it will create a space for everyone to learn from everyone, you know, so celebrate everyone's wins. And just to get a different perspective, like, I always wonder like, what it was like for the dealers, you know, what they deal with on their lot and things like that. So it's awesome to get a picture of true point across the whole, you know, the whole company. So I think that would be really good. I'm excited about it. Good. Go ahead. Oh, no.

Matthias Miller  02:00
So yeah, I mean, the main reason I wanted to check in, I mean, goodness, you've been here for Time flies.

Unknown Speaker  02:09
It's been four months or four months,

Matthias Miller  02:11
four months already. And one of the many things on my list is one of the many things I've wanted to do, let me just say that is come up with a better checking cadence and touching, touching base individually. And yeah, there's a lot that we cover in the team calls, but there's sure there's everything that we cover. And it's, so whether we get on a cadence or not, at least doing it one time, as you know, and then the next time is better than not at all. And a little side note to that one of the one of the more for context than anything, but you get a team member of about six years, who left last fall, and then another team member leaving, beginning of January. And so I've been actively looking to hire an assistant. So hoping, hoping that that's going to free up some time and make it easier to get some of these things on a recurring schedule and pattern and stuff like that. So in the meantime, I am, I know that I'm dropping things, and it's kind of doing my best until then. So, so the main thing, you know, there's a few questions number one, I'd just like to hear a little bit about how you feel about your experience so far. What's worked what hasn't worked? Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:49
Yeah, I think it's been pretty good so far. It's been really good. You know, having leadership from you and Michael and and collaborating with Marissa. I think that we help each other out a lot, especially during the day Marissa and I, we bounce ideas off of each other. And he said, Hey, we're having this time I'm having this type of day, is it the same for you, and just helping each other work through things? So I think the team culture is really good. interested to see how it'll be now with a larger team? What has worked, um, I think I think we spoke about this on our team call. But in the beginning, it didn't seem to really work to call people right off the bat, because they want to, you know, the one that they're quoted immediately in on the call the worst the quote, so I think that has worked, changing that method, sending them a template, immediately, I think has gotten better responses. One thing that's a little frustrating is like when you think you have somebody on the hook and then they kind of drop off at the last minute or something pops up, and they say, you know, the project is on hold or whatever the case may be. But I'm also interested to see what I could do better. If there's something going to help that or, you know, I'm always open to any type of feedback. I think, you know, once you are able to have once you do have more time to kind of go through the calls and listen to those, I think it'd be good to get some feedback on that, you know, back in, if there's nothing I could have said, or something I could have did to that would have resulted in a different outcome. But I think it's been good. I feel like I'm learning from different things, changing their approach, when certain things don't work.

Unknown Speaker  05:45
Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:00
Wait, okay, so the biggest difference in getting responsiveness from for from leads for you has really been around getting the price in front of them. And as soon as the like, once people have the price, what percentage of people want to continue the conversation, which which of them kind of excused themselves at that point?

Speaker 1  06:21
I will say it's a lot better now than it was in the beginning. I felt like I was at a price objections, and I don't know what the difference is between now. And back then. I would say, Now, I probably get maybe 30% of people who have price objections, and don't want to continue. And you know, the other 70% Some of them, they are. They're interested to hear more. Usually, they want the monthly payment to work out for them if they're doing rent to own or because I am seeing a lot more in rent to own customers than anything. Other people, you know, it's not a price objection, maybe like, something came up and got delayed. But yeah, probably about 30% of people.

Matthias Miller  07:36
I've been scratching my head a little bit, because

Matthias Miller  07:46
yeah. It's, it's, well, I've been scratching my head a little bit. Eric, what's the conversion rates? So let me let me back up. There's no doubt in my mind, like, as far as you and Marissa being all in putting your hearts in learning, like you guys have done a lot. I think it's very commendable. And one of the things that I've scratched my head around, or ahead of it about is whether Eric's numbers truly translate to what we should be seeing or not. And what's what are the differences? And what are the

Matthias Miller  08:32
what are the, you know, and or are there just straight up assumptions that he was making, we're making that mean, we're a completely different measuring sticks. When I look at, you know, he's saying we should be closing 10 to 20% of total lead volume. Well, we're maybe at one and here let me pull up this report, this report, this is the thinking. This is the and to be clear, this is not a uncomplaining. This is a just one understand what's going on. So these numbers here, the number of leads that you're in communication with is really high. So you've been you've been in communication with shifting leads, or they've been in communication with you 38 quotes out of out of 166 that is the thing I don't understand and versus facing similar challenges. What I don't understand is the quote to actual close ratio. And there's, there's a few possible okay, well, I can throw out some hypotheses. sees. So I was at a peer group a couple of weeks back. And there were there were some folks who were very aggressively advising against non commissioned sales. And the premise was that if you don't incentivize people that way, then they're gonna get lazy, and they're not going to do what they want to do well. You know, you know, better than I do, I, I, you know, it's, it's 5% chance, in my opinion, based on how well we know each other, that's actually the case, I don't see yourself as, like, lagging here in any way. And if we flipped you to commission, then all of a sudden, you'd be you'd be freaking out and excusing yourself probably. And, and we'd still have the same problem, and we'd start burning through salespeople, because we haven't fixed the problem. That's, that's my best guess. And sidenote, right? You know, like, about four hours after I did my, my hot seat, I did a show and tell defending a 15 minute show until explaining why non commissioned sales might actually be the right right approach in some situations. So we have some of that. So what are the variables? The only variable that I can think of? is?

Matthias Miller  11:36
Well, people don't people never know that you're located. anywhere besides, somewhere North Carolina. I mean, it's right. Next to my father, rarely, really. Yeah. So the only thing I can think of, and this is the only variable I can Okay, well, let me let me back up. Ohio, online salesperson is closing like gangbusters. I don't know what his what his numbers are here. But his revenue numbers are maybe 4x What we're seeing here. So but then again, there are some different there are some differences. One is, it is possible that geography makes a difference. I don't know that it makes that much of a difference, but it's possible. The only variable that I can think of is that you guys are not physically on a lot with buildings. And

Matthias Miller  12:51
so it's possibly that and to possibly that whether or not people take you up on it, you don't have the opportunity to invite them over to the lot to come see you in person.

Speaker 1  13:11
I can't think of anything else. Do you have this? It's hard to pinpoint. I do know that established establishes more trust, you know, being able to invite them out. Look at the building, you know, at least being able to offer that.

Matthias Miller  13:28
What else?

Speaker 1  13:33
I just know. I don't know. I don't know. It's really hard to pinpoint. Because we do have a lot of qualify leads, you know, so it's like, Where Are we closing those.

Matthias Miller  13:53
That's another reason why well, it's I had to cancel it last week. I mean, I had to cancel the time block that I have for call recordings. I actually maybe maybe just set aside some time this morning to do to do that. Just go through go through some of those. Well, that is probably one of the next things to do. One of the other things that Mike has been in conversation about is finding a place in Charlotte where we could bring a shed into it something like convention center and flying everybody out for a day and just doing a doing a product training in person so that you guys can actually see that and experience that awesome. I think that's the the the more in depth option would also be to see if we can get you guys to We'll spend some time at one of the find which one of the locations we think would be the best option for that and see if see about having you guys spend several days from there. Fielding leads from that location, having conversations with the person there and see, see if there's some training that I don't know. Like, maybe there's gaps in training, maybe it's just gap and confidence product knowledge, like or maybe it's just like, literally, never having physically experienced the building. Like, we're just talking hypotheticals here. But we've got to come up with some premises to guess, right, being

Speaker 1  15:34
able to, and able to actually walk in the shed. So you know, we have more context to provide the customer. I don't think that's good. It's kind of hard to really sell a product that you haven't, you know, physically seen in person, and we're doing our best, though, we're definitely don't have it.

Matthias Miller  15:56
Maybe, maybe I need to suggest to Michael, that we don't if you get one where you're happy. You get some friends, you said we can spend, you get a semi the holiday out there.

Matthias Miller  16:17
Yes. But on the flip side, looking at some of the once again, another pot, huge positive sales cycle. So this is based on when the lead came in. It was just easier to track it that you know, through the pipeline. First, this is an October 16 Day sales cycle, November 12 days, December 15. Not surprising that was right before Christmas, January, it was all the way down to eight. So that's some some fairly. You do you do a great job moving people through and keeping them moving. And I think it's clearly reflected in your, in your sales cycle.

Speaker 1  17:04
What? I know that I don't really, I can do better with assuming the sale and the first conversation. Because I think that I don't want to be too pushy. And I don't want to, you know, try to close the deal. First conversation, I want them to look at, you know, the payments first and then follow up with them. So maybe I should be a little more aggressive in that sense. I wonder if that will make a difference?

Matthias Miller  17:31
Yeah, I think so one of the things, I think that's true.

Matthias Miller  17:41
This would be a good idea for a training. I mean, there's a lot that comes down to understanding selling styles, selling and buying styles. So one of the things that Covey talks about is here, I'm gonna stop the share and then maybe there's maybe there's actually something that I can extract for later. So one of the things that Covey talks about is that there's different ways. Well, first of all, there's, there's different motivators for people. And there's different ways to to look at it. John Palma, doccia is a kind of sales guy sales training trainer, one of the things that he's talked about is that there are three axes, there's money, power, and oh, what was the third one? Money, power and

Unknown Speaker  18:38
respect. This is I guess,

Matthias Miller  18:41
I don't know, it might be, it might be something like that. Status, prestige, respect, but but on each of those people are either power positive or negative. So there are people that are motivated by power. And there are some people who are actually motivated by like, who are demotivated by expressions of power. Same with money. Some people will go all in on something for the sake of money and there's other people that money ends up being actually being a bit of a demotivator for them on. And that's just one brain worker grid to look at. Look at it, but we all have different things that motivate us. Are you motivated to win? Are you motivated to be the best Are you motivated to be motivated by family by relationships by by novelty, by by stability, like there's all these things of the one to like, I want to do this. I can be really practical, like, I want to program computers. I want to play basketball, I want to I want to be in charge I want to you know, fill in the blank. So that's the one two, once the one two is in place, there's a second part of somebody's makeup which is how do they take action And that's one of the things that the Kobe looks at. So and so the Kobe looks at how people deal with a information, B organization, see risk and uncertainty, and D tangibles. So when it comes to information, there's a, there's a range from the bottom line, basic details all the way or basic information all the way to the details, you're very likely to naturally be able to sell to somebody who needs to know the details. The thing, you and Marissa both the thing where this becomes challenging probably is there are some people who are going to come in, they're going to gather the essential information. And they actually don't need all the all the details, they just need the basic information to know. Yeah, I think this is basically good, we're good to go. And those are the people you're looking to catch on that first question. And if you talk past that, then it's not just a matter of them. Like you're literally exhausting mental energy that they don't have. A lot of those people don't have energy for details. Then there's, so that's information, then you have inside note on that, on that front, there's also the in between stage and just for context, I am in the in the in between stage, I consume information, and then you boil it down a bit and explain it. And I ended up kind of playing the middle, the middleman I can I can go deep into the details if I really have to, but not for extended periods of time. Organization is the there's there's kind of two fields of organization. One is there's the the organizer like you on one end of the spectrum, it's I create a plan, I bring things to closure, I wrap things up, I stick with the plan. And then on the other end, it's a I start things but I don't finish them. I organize by keeping things in plain sight.

Matthias Miller  22:38
And, and so in initiating follow through we'll we'll have file folders and things alphabetized. But on the other side, it's, it's I want to, if I if I want to organize, I'm going to keep things in plain sight. And I'm going to look for shortcuts to the plan, instead of sticking to the plan, what's the fastest way to get there. And so, once again, if you get somebody like that on the phone, imposing too much structure on the process, or not giving them the opportunity to rearrange the order in which they do things. And or the helping them find the fastest shortest path to get there. It's it's also going to end up getting in the way, risk and uncertainty. You've got some people who deal who, whose predominant motivator is to take action right before the last minute. And so with those types of things, if you can help them establish that's one of the ways why follow us Reasons Why follow ups can be helpful is you impose a deadline, and then you say, and then that that imposes a deadline for them. They're going to get their stuff together, like sometimes minutes before, you know that actually they actually need to get it done. But it helps with that. On the flip side, then you've got people who who are much more risk averse. They want to stick with what works and those are the people that you want to firmly establish. Yeah, give give, give them give them time. Take change more slowly. Usually, typically, it depends. But imposing those deadlines too quickly. They can plan for it, it's fine, but imposing those deadlines too quickly can also kind of get in the way. Then the last one, the Kobe calls implementer. It's kind of confusing, but it's the range between people who need to see touch, feel experience and the people who can conceptualize. So it's the difference between the person selling typically this is this is not true across the board but by and large it's the difference between somebody selling Cutco knives and the person selling life insurance like one is a very tangible, let me show you kind of thing. And the other one is a much more conceptual. Yeah, you see it in your head kind of thing. And for those types of customers, I would be surprised if I would guess many of those types of customers who need to see feel touch. At a minimum, they'll have to have some kind of product samples in their hand, or even a brochure in their hand, something tangible, that makes it makes us feel like we're real. And those are also probably the people who are most likely to close if we can get them on a lot. And actually, like if they can stand in a building and feel how durability again, tested durability is another another big thing for them, but they can, they can feel how stable the floor is the door is. I think that's key. And then on the other side of the spectrum, there's people who are like they can see in their head. And so we need they can see their heads are good to go. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if that's helpful or not.

Speaker 1  26:04
No, it is. And it seems like a great person is able to like, decipher, you know, what type of person am I speaking with? Okay, so let me not give too much information and let you know, they know, they know the next steps to take because they know who they're speaking with the type of person that they're speaking their book that you have won this, did you get this out of a book or just the Kobe match?

Matthias Miller  26:30
There is a book on Kobe, specifically. And there's a few of them and one really good one and

Unknown Speaker  26:43
I'm interested to dive in more on this.

Matthias Miller  26:46
Let me let me go, I'll go find out. I've got it on my bookshelf, let me take a look at my bookshelf and see which ones it is okay.

Speaker 1  27:01
I also think there will be value in when sending someone a quote, being able to attach a real life picture of the same exact shit. Like the same dimension. I don't know how difficult that would be, you know, to get pictures of all types, all different colors, but just that I can see like a bowl of the shed, it's kind of hard to imagine it with the configurator drawing you know

Matthias Miller  27:30
it's going to take some time to do this. But the haulers are actively how would we do this

Unknown Speaker  27:48
because they do get pictures right when they when they deliver

Matthias Miller  27:52
so if we could if we could find if based on a sales order we could find buildings that have the same style maybe it's maybe it's final buildings that are same style. Maybe you rank similarity basically. So same style, same color, or different colors, you can I mean different style, the same colors, you can see this see the colors, same style, different color. And, you know, see them you know, how close is it to size and basically basically do a search on buildings and see if we can find anything with that we have photos of that are as similar as possible would actually be

Matthias Miller  29:02
Yeah, like to be helpful. And then, you know, it's just we implemented that. It's kind of unfortunate. We haven't implemented that over more years, but with time then our gallery of photos is going to grow as we get more of those buildings. Yeah. Oh, for sure.

Matthias Miller  29:34
Okay, anything else?

Speaker 1  29:39
Um, I think that's it. Did you have anything else

Matthias Miller  29:51
is there any kind of so okay, let me start this with a broader question. Looking at performance bonuses would you prefer performance bonuses be paid out in cash? Or would you prefer something like, you know, I don't know what? Something like, Let's go figure out a personal goal that you have. I want to go take a week off. I'm gonna go take a vacation in Florida. If I want to, I don't know there's X, Y and Z. I want to say that but fill in the blank. Do you have a preference on? on that?

Unknown Speaker  30:38
Whether it's like a trip or cash?

Matthias Miller  30:41
Yeah, or whether it's something? Yeah. Yeah, a trip or cash and the trip or fill in the blank would be something that would be personal to you something that means something to you, not just a. But yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  31:00
That's a good question. That's a really good question.

Unknown Speaker  31:08
I think I think the trip will be nice. Like, maybe like a week off. Wherever you choose something like that.

Matthias Miller  31:15
Yeah. I think that would be nice.

Speaker 1  31:19
Okay, well, wait, too. I guess it also depends on like, how much cash it would be, will it be equal, like the value of the trip?

Matthias Miller  31:33
Probably approximately equal. Unless we can find a way to you know, it might depend if it's something like, Hey, we can get you a trip on credit card points. And because of that, it it's the cash values. X, but it's only costing this y or something like that, that we can. I don't know. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  32:09
I wouldn't be opposed to

Matthias Miller  32:10
either. Okay. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  32:12
They both sound good. But if I had to pick I would probably take the trip. cash out on a trip in Ambia going like having experiences so I would probably do the trick.

Matthias Miller  32:30
Okay. Sounds good. All right. Fantastic. I think that's all I got.

Speaker 1  32:37
Thank you, Matthias. I appreciate your time and input in it and everything.

Matthias Miller  32:43
Absolutely. Appreciate what you've been doing. We'll keep we'll keep figuring this thing out.

Unknown Speaker  32:49
Yes, we will. Thanks. Have a great day. You too.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai