Speaker 1  01:32
All right, hi, Nathaniel, I'm sorry, is it Matthias? Is that how you pronounce it,

Matthias Miller  01:41
I pronounce it. Matthias.

Unknown Speaker  01:42
Matthias, okay, sorry about that.

Matthias Miller  01:44
Yeah, no worries. And just want to make sure for you as well. Nathaniel, is that right? Yeah, there's no no,

Speaker 1  01:55
there's no no. There's nothing like that. It's pretty catchy,

Matthias Miller  02:01
yeah,

Speaker 1  02:01
well, good to meet you. I've certainly you know, come across you plenty of times in the forum. And thank you, by the way, for you know, kind of your consistent, responsible responsiveness, I really appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  02:12
Yeah, absolutely You're welcome. I enjoy it. It's one of the final look for me, as you can tell. All right, wouldn't be doing it? Yeah? Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:23
So tell me a bit about yourself. It sounded like you were kind of in a in a bit of a transitional period, and you were kind of floating around and doing sort of different odd jobs. I don't want to kind of Yeah, oversimplify it, but that was the impression I got.

Matthias Miller  02:39
Yeah, that's not oversimplified. Before you do that, can you can quick shoot off a really quick message here. I

Matthias Miller  03:14
All right, so yes, and as of about a week ago, I've, you know, it's, it's been a lot of indecision, uncertainty, all of that for a while, and about a week ago, really committed myself to doubling down. I've got a lot of experience in the backyard, shed manufacturing industry.

Speaker 1  03:46
Okay, so that was not something you hear every day, but, yeah, that's great.

Matthias Miller  03:51
And so planning to double down in there and kind of have that be my shooting fish in a barrel consulting, build out a business there. And I won't bore you with details that my background is, you know, long, winding journey, background in tech, not, not a great not a great environment, not great work for me, too extroverted to be a developer, and went down this winding path and ended up going to business with my brother building custom business management systems. Actually built a custom ERP for for an individual client within the shed industry, which I co architected. And so I know more about marketing than anybody who has any exposure to accounting ever. Should I know more about accounting than anybody with marketing exposure ever? Should have consulted with companies on sales, marketing ops. Um, so

Unknown Speaker  05:04
the jack of all trades, I can appreciate

Matthias Miller  05:06
exactly, hence the paralysis, yeah, I could do that, that, that, what about that in that?

Speaker 1  05:14
Yeah, I I understand, because I kind of have the same temperament. So I do, I intend to do one thing, and then it's like, Oh, what about this thing over here? No, that thing over there. And it just kind of like accumulates this, like, kind of odd hodgepodge of things.

Matthias Miller  05:31
Yeah. And understood. So one of the things that I'm always curious about is I feel like not to make too many assumptions, but people who hang around and plan a period for at least a little while and make and engage typically have at least a little something going for them. There's some shared values that may come stay around and with that too, and I love getting to know people and meet people, I'm also kind of with what I'm doing, looking to part of my business model that I'm exploring, and is, what are strategic partnerships, where I don't want to run any kind of bookkeeping services, And so not knowing more about what you do, yeah. So love to hear more about what you what you do, what you have to do, what brought you here and all that,

Speaker 1  06:31
yeah. So, um, I'm kind of similar to you. Kind of have done a hodgepodge of different things, but I got into bookkeeping and wound up at a company that I would basically describe as, like, like a bookkeeping mill, almost like, so I've done, I've literally done the books For like, hundreds of companies. So, you know, which is phenomenal in terms of, like, just ratcheting up your experience, like, really, really, really quickly. Because, you know, you've just, at this point, I've just, like, seen so many of them, it's like, oh, it's like, this is the exact same as this other thing that I was dealing with, you know, last time. So that was so that was kind of my base. And then from there, I got into Perry's world, because I was building a business, right? So, you know, I kind of, I got into bookkeeping per se because,

Speaker 1  07:39
you know, basically because it was very, very stable. And I kind of looked at, you know, it was very like, it doesn't matter what country you're in, it doesn't matter, you know, it's been around for 1000s of years, so, like, kind of in this sort of weird, wild time that we all live in. It's like, this is a solid base that, like, will always be in demand, because it can't not be in demand. So, so I, so that's why I got into it. And then I came to Perry's world because I, you know, want to make a business of it. And, you know, I found Perry's approach very appealing, you know, I very much like the first principles thinking. And, you know, so, you know, I learned from Perry, I learned from Ken McCarthy, and then, you know, a few kind of other people and got into that, and then sort of in a whole other kind of totally separate thing I wound up, so there's kind of the bookkeeping, per se, there's the business, and then there's sort of a whole separate thing where I've worked with, helping monasteries, actually. So you've, you've, I'm sure you've seen, if you're in the forum, like you see my posts about it. So I was, for a year and a half, I was working with a monastery in Wisconsin that was, it's a really kind of fascinating project. There was a monk. So there's this monastic island off the coast of Greece that's been among it's been a exclusively monastic island for like 1500 1000 to 1500 years. And 40 or so years ago, there was a monk who came over from there and wound up setting up, officially, 17 monasteries in America, unofficially, a whole lot more. And he did that because the Greek Orthodox Christians were really starting to become secularized. And, you know, we're losing their faith and all that stuff. So he set up all these monasteries, but they were in the Greek language, because he came for the Greeks. So there was this monastic he grew up in Tennessee, but he spent 2026, years, yeah, 26 years at the main monastery. And, you know, so it's like, you know, Tennessee roots with like, like, Byzantine Athonite Greek monasticism, sort of this confluence. And so he wanted to set up a monastery in his elders tradition, but for Americans in an English language, and he took over a monastery that was going bankrupt, so to do this, so it became this really sort of, you know, kind of bizarre, interesting experience of like, both doing a monastery turnaround, doing a business turnaround. You know, we were losing $4,000 in cash, like when we were starting out, and then, so we had to rebuild the business, rebuild the monastery, start doing the services and kind of all this, this stuff. So it was just, so, you know, I did, I mean, I did a bunch of stuff, but you know, some of it was building the back office, you know, not just like the bookkeeping, like the whole back office, like everything integrated, the whole tech stack, making it all integrate and automate. Because, like, we have, you know, we had like, four or five people, so, you know, you had to build a system that could be run by like one or two people, but that, like, was doing the work of whole departments, basically. And so you know that and like processes was like, you know, and then also fundraising, and then now, and you'll see my more recent post to Perry about this. Now I'm at working now. I'm working with a monastery in West Virginia that is actually the largest kind of English speaking Orthodox monastery like in America, and they are and I'm helping them out with fundraising. So, you know, so at this point, it's kind of like, you know, sort of, that's why I was saying there's like, there's some similarities, like, I've done farming, I've done beekeeping, you know, I've done grounds keeping, I've, you know, bookkeeping, I've, you know, done a business, I've, you know, I've done all this stuff. So that's me. I kind of

Matthias Miller  12:45
that's awesome. Just out of curiosity, are you spiritual? Religious?

Speaker 1  12:54
Yeah, I'm an Orthodox Christian. That's why I'm an orthodox person.

Matthias Miller  12:59
Makes sense. Pretty interesting.

Speaker 1  13:04
Yeah, it is. It's, yeah, it, you know, because there's so many kind of influences to it, right, like one of the just, you know, I think maybe you'll be interested in this. One of the, the main tricks of this, right? Is like, how do you because you have, like, you know, on the one side, you have, you know, in a sense, a very kind of cutthroat, like, marketing side of things, right? You know, I mean, you of course, know how. You know someone who's, like, really, really into marketing and sales, they can get, like, really, you know, take no prisoners kind of approach, right? And but on the other hand, you have, like, monasteries where that's, like, totally unacceptable. So, you know, one of the main elements that's kind of always been a problem and is sort of this really kind of interesting and unique challenge to figure out, like, how do you do things that work, that are also kind of congruent and acceptable to sort of the most intense strain of like, we don't want to manipulate people. We don't want to, like, you know, totally, absolutely above board squeaky clean kind of thing. So it's this really like, you know, I think Perry has some term for it, but this real, like threading a needle project, where it's like, you have to combine these two very, very disparate worlds, right, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:35
no, that makes sense. I've seen this on a lesser scale with one of my clients, in which they know I show up with a lot more sales and marketing energy than what they're yeah past I ease them towards the very edge of their comfort zone. Yeah, but it's also then where,

Matthias Miller  15:10
yeah, I don't know. It's just that's fascinating. There's a few things that are fascinating. One, I have been peripherally curious about. Getting kind of worked at x Christianity, but have never really gotten that deep into it, probably. So this conversation can go any number of directions, so primarily because of a shifting of thought or a shifting wrestling openness exploration around penal, substitutionary atonement versus Theosis and basic you know, how do you look at the work of Christ and the concept of Union from a gospel perspective. And so that's kind of my interest in the periphery from a theological standpoint, the psychologically, part of the work that I've been doing over the last two months in particular has been there's the I want to do good in me. And there's the I want to do make money in me. And how can those two parts of me shake hands and be friends and lock arms and work together? And third, you know, avenue that we could explore is, well, I mean, I don't know, we it'd be an interesting conversation to dive deeper into where you want to go. You know, what's the path forward with monasteries? It's a really interesting conversation, I think. And, you know, the most pragmatic of all of these is, what are you really looking to build? I say pragmatic, but you know, what are you looking to build with the bookkeeping? What's, what's an ideal client, what's, what's and I've got some specific questions, so I'd love to get to a few of those questions in our call, but I'm pretty

Unknown Speaker  17:18
open. Yeah, there's lots of places this conversation, I'd be curious to hear about your your background,

Matthias Miller  17:25
yeah, so I grew up Amish. Whoa, okay, one of three Amish that I'm aware of who written software used by 45 at the top, or, you know, used by Fortune 50 fortune, 500 companies. That's an interesting story by itself. Much of my recent past, as far as the spiritual journey, has been sorting through extreme legalism and What's what is, what is truth. And more recently, I uh, sorry, what was, what was your specific question? I

Speaker 1  18:27
was just wondering what your background was, because it, you know, there's lots of people who are checking out Orthodox Christianity these days, and so, you know, if you're coming at it from, you know. So like coming at it from a Protestant angle versus a Catholic angle versus, you know, atheist background. Yep, those are like three totally different conversations,

Matthias Miller  18:53
right? So, so the predominant thing that I've and this is all very, very, very, very much from the outside looking in and barely even qualified to make statements like this. But from what I can tell, you know, as I've my world. Well, okay, so, so grip Amish left the Amish joined the Mennonites, another sector of of anabaptism, very, very similar core beliefs, but slightly different. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  19:29
they're like, little bit less intense Amish is my

Matthias Miller  19:34
I mean, in my particular case, externally less visibly different. But, also, I would personally call them highly legalistic. That's my experience in my pocket of the world. But yes, less less intense in terms of, let's dress wildly. Different from the rest of the world, and let's use horses instead of vehicles so so guy, the Mennonite denomination that the church is part of, held to the marriage permanence doctrine, which is not that dissimilar to the Catholic, you know guy, I believe the Catholics position on it, but I wasn't able to reconcile what looked to me like legitimate exceptions from Jesus teachings with that I had been An elder at the time, actually had been licensed, licensed as a licensed, but not ordained as a pastor. And the this somehow slipped through the application process. And as they were looking at potential ordination, this came to the Board of Overseers, and they look at it and they're like, we can't have a skeptic that solved that. My wife ended up. My wife and I ended up hanging around for a few years, and about two years ago, left explored a vineyard church. Were there for probably about a year. We're currently attending an Evangelical Free Church. I don't know how familiar you are with them, but

Speaker 1  21:31
I went through the charismatic movement when I was going through my Protestant phase, so kind of the whole speaking in tongues, very, very, very light on theology. Was my, you know, experience of a little that little slice of Protestantism. And then when I was growing up, my mom had a Quaker background, my dad Catholic background. So

Matthias Miller  21:59
it's interesting, you some, there's some common thread, common threads here that we we could swap stories and same story, different context.

Speaker 1  22:09
Yeah, yeah. So, okay, so your evangelical preacher, so what are they? You know, what? What are they like? What are they about?

Matthias Miller  22:21
The Evangelical Free I mean, it's basically in so they're a Norwegian based denomination, and the best I can tell, I take exception to some of the things that they consider to be fundamentals, which I've already discussed, but I believe more than most, really do emphasize left brain, right brain, Christianity and like as in, let's, let's be intellectual and relational. And also, let's agree on, let's, let's agree on the fundamentals and agreeably disagree on the peripherals. Now, how that works in practice? I'm sure it varies across across areas, but that's the basic premise of what I understand it to be

Speaker 1  23:21
okay, okay, yeah, and of course, what you define as, what you define to be fundamentals versus incidentals,

Matthias Miller  23:35
it's a big conversation. Yeah, yeah. I

Speaker 1  23:52
Yeah, yeah. I mean, I would say, you know, I would say there's fundamental, like, there's certainly, like, plenty of of intellectual meat and intellectual

Speaker 1  24:12
you know, there's a huge rabbit hole of doctrines and all of that that you can go down with the Orthodox Church. What I find, though, is that,

Speaker 1  24:33
while you can certainly compare doctrines, and I think, you know, I think you could easily find that, you know, the Orthodox church of today believes the same things that, like, you know St Irenaeus and st, you know, st Justin Martyr and kind of the very, very early church fathers, you know, it's just the same continuous line. I think. At a deeper level, it's more about, you know, what do you what do you really want and what really satisfies you? Because the what the Orthodox Church is about on, like a fundamental day to day level, is not like we have better doctrines or better theology. It's about like, do you want? Do you want to participate in God and experience him and like, what do you like in a very kind of real and existential way. So, you know, it's so, you know, a lot of the kind of intellectual and the emotional and all that stuff, like, you know, there's certainly kind of all, all of that that you can do. But like, you know, oftentimes, what you'll see with people who, like, go to an Orthodox Church, and that's, you know, that's what I would recommend, is like, you know, ditch the books and like, actually go to a service, is that there's kind of like a call from the heart where it's like, I may not know, like there may be, like, 20 different things I just don't understand, and like, kind of intellectually I need to sort out before I can, like, you know, be at peace with myself and whatever. But like, there's like, something here that's like, calling me and I just, like, can't get it out of my mind. Like, I can't, like, I can't rest with it. So, I mean, that's what it is. It's just like, at a much, much deeper level than, like, intellectual or right doctrine or whatever. It's like, you know, I have to have this. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  26:59
Yeah. Makes sense. I mean, my,

Matthias Miller  27:13
I will, yeah, I like your encouragement there. The challenge there aren't the closest ones are probably, I don't even know, 45 minutes to an hour away. So it's not if you have community in your area, but if you want to build any someone's community that intersects with your faith, your place of worship. It's challenging, my observation, but that could be mistaken.

Speaker 1  27:55
Well, I mean, I drove an hour to church many times, you know, during COVID I, you know, the nearest, the nearest church I wanted to go to was an hour away. And I became very, very close with those people. So,

Unknown Speaker  28:12
you know, sure brings me very

Speaker 1  28:17
Yeah. Anyway, what I, you know, what I would just say is ditch the books and go to a service, because the books are helpful to a point. But

Speaker 1  28:37
you know the reality in the real life like the Orthodox Church is, like, in the services and in the and in, you know, and in the liturgy and in participation, like it's, that's really what it's about, like, if you know, if your Catechism is, you know, just reading a bunch of books and it's not, here's your prayer rule, here's your fasting rule, here's, you know, you need to cut this, this and this out of your life. And, you know, we'll, we'll build it up slowly, right? We're not going to, like, you know, dump a whole bunch of things on you, but like, you know, if it's not like, training you up into, like, the real practice life of like, this is what participation in and kind of growth in the life of God like, is, like, there's something really missing in your catechism, because it's not about reading the books. It's like, that's like a part of it, but it's just, you know, it's just something, just something you live and something you participate in. So I would highly, highly, highly encourage you to just go to a liturgy on a Sunday morning,

Unknown Speaker  29:43
all right, yeah, okay,

Speaker 1  29:49
yeah, and then was your second topic. It was monasteries. Was that? It?

Matthias Miller  29:57
Well, yeah, monasteries, yeah. Hmm, well, I mean, I think, I think, you know, this is, I think, way bigger than than our conversation. Conversation really can go here today. But you know, it could be a very interesting conversation to talk more about what you're wrestling through, and ways to ways to tackle the issues that you're facing with with the monastery now could be interesting conversation. I think, just in the interest of time, I would be really curious to hear what your vision is on the bookkeeping side. Yeah,

Speaker 1  30:53
for the bookkeeping I keep the way things have played out right now is the bookkeeping is sort of very similar to what you have going on, like you were talking about, like your the shed, you know, the shed, this is like just shooting fish in a barrel, like, in the same way, like bookkeeping has, because it's all remote, right? All the work is remote. So bookkeeping has just become this, like, sort of tether, anchoring me to sort of normal reality that, like everyone else you know, does, while I like go off and Do these monastery things. So, so you know, I, I uh, you know, I, I'm happy to take on monthly clients. I'm happy to take on cleanup projects, you know, I'm happy to take on, you know, there's a whole kind of range of things, right? There's like, month there's monthly bookkeeping, there's cleanup projects, there's my back office. Is, is a disaster, please, like, make it work. You know there's setting you know, they're setting up your book so that it doesn't turn into a disaster. Because, like, 50% at least of you know what's what you've got. You know, of having a bookkeeping the situation isn't disastrous is just setting it up properly the first time. Because if you don't, I mean, it's like that with everything, right? Like, if you don't set it up properly in the beginning, it just turns into a giant disaster, most likely. So, you know, there's lots of different angles I can take. Like I said, you know, my experience has, in terms of what I like, who I've worked with, has usually been 2 million or less, though there's have been some that have been more. But like, the reality is that, you know, size is really, you know, it's what makes things complicated in bookkeeping is really more things like, you know, entity type, or, like, the degree of payroll, or, you know, if someone has like, 1000s and 1000s of inventory items, like, there are things, like, there are plenty of things that make it more complicated bookkeeping. But like, money is really, how much revenue is really not necessarily the issue. So, you know, I've done the bookkeeping for like, $5 billion companies and whatever. So I don't think there's any, necessarily, any problem there. And if you you know, if you want to have someone kind of in your you know that who you can shoot an email to with a question, or, you know, with, you know, provide an alternate quote, or, you know, something like that, I'm certainly, you know, happy and available to do that. Okay, yeah,

Matthias Miller  33:46
what you're describing makes sense. There's a guy on Facebook that I don't really follow, but, well, kind of followed up slightly for a while, and he talks about his, I forget where he's at two or $3 million business, and it's he says he has one VA and, like, 98% profit. Case in point, simple business. Like, there's not simple books I would expect, you know,

Speaker 1  34:10
Oh yeah, yeah, no. I mean, you know, amazing to see all these different P L's. And like, you know, you have these businesses are just, like, incredibly complicated and all this stuff. And then, like, you look at the bottom line, and it's like, you know, 5% of revenue, if that right. And then there's, you know, other businesses that are like, you know, like, one guy on his laptop, 50% or 70% makes it to the bottom line. And like, there's, you know, and they still do really well on the revenue aside, it's kind of kind of eye opening. So

Matthias Miller  34:48
if I have you ever done any kind of audits or discoveries, or let me turn over all the rocks and tell you how your books are set up wrong? And what wrong processes you're using and you're losing. I mean, I don't know how in depth you would want to go with it, but there's this weird anomaly over here, and you're probably losing money here because of x, y and z. That might reach you in depth. But do you have anything like that that you do offer have done

Speaker 1  35:20
so I've never done like, an audit, like, like, a strict audit,

Matthias Miller  35:23
not a strict audit, but a discovery, yep. Like,

Speaker 1  35:27
no. I mean in terms of, like, taking a set of books apart. Like, yeah, I've done that like, a whole bunch, like, a whole bunch of times.

Matthias Miller  35:36
So, so what's with the what's the investment, what's the turnaround time? What's the deliverable?

Speaker 1  35:47
Yeah, well, the deliverable would really kind of depend on what the client was going for, right? So, like, if the client was just, you know, how is my bookkeeper doing, you know, or something like that. That's a pretty straightforward deliverable. And I, you know, I've, you know, it's actually, at one point, was literally my job to just, like, review books that, like other bookkeepers were, like, submitting for, for clothes, and, like, you know, how did we do and, you know, just go every through, go through everything, line by line, and just take it apart, basically. So that's a that's a very easy deliverable, and that's, you know, if I could probably turn that around in a few days or a week. And then, you know, if it's something like, where, like, where are we wasting money, something like that. I mean, again, that's like, you know, I think a few days or a week in terms of, in terms of the turnaround time on that.

Matthias Miller  36:55
And what kind of do you build? By the hour? Do

Speaker 1  36:57
you have a I do project based bill. So, if it's, you know, so it would either be project based billing or, in the case of a recurring client, just a set monthly fee based on certain set of what is in scope and what is out of scope. Work you have a, do

Matthias Miller  37:13
you have a minute to max or, like, a worst case best? Like, okay, I mean, let's just do worst case. That's really all I care about. I've never charged more than this for for doing this.

Unknown Speaker  37:32
Yeah, um, I

Unknown Speaker  37:43
It's,

Speaker 1  37:46
it would really depend on the size and complexity of the client. Like, in other words, you know, if there's so, it's just hard to say in terms of, you know, like, if someone like, so, for instance, like the monastery that I was working at before, like I was, I was doing their stuff for free, but like, they had 14,000 inventory items and like, 11 bank accounts and payroll and sales tax. And, you know, they were, you know, they had like, 450 transactions going through their books every single month. And so like, you know, they weren't doing a lot of revenue, but like, if I had been charging them to set that up, it would have been a crazy fee, because that's, like, you know, it's just a ton of complexity. So the trick is really more, how comp my billing just to kind of break down, like, what goes into the buildings? Like, how complex is, what this person has going on? So what is based

Matthias Miller  38:48
off, sure, but is, I mean, so here's the reason I ask. I'm looking to, I would love so I'm looking to do a discovery. I I am looking to have somebody do a marketing audit, Google Ads meta audit. I think it can be really interesting to do something financially related as well. So I'm exploring options with that. You know, these, these are companies, oh, goodness, I would expect, if they're not multiple lines of business, you know, they're not throwing in pole barns and other weird, you know, I don't know, crazy stuff into the same business that they should be fairly similarly mirrored. I'm just trying to get, I mean, and so one of my old, one of my former bosses, used to have this, he did multiples of 10. So is this like $100 $1,000 $10,000 $100,000 engagement? You know, that's kind of trying to I. I know, I know you don't really want to have a number you to be held to, but, you know, just kind of ballpark guy and trying to get at least a little something that.

Speaker 1  40:16
So, so let's just take like this, like, audit sort of project, right? Like,

Unknown Speaker  40:26
if I, I would be, it would have to be, like an exceptionally it would have to be such a complex kind that, like, I can't even picture how it would work out for me to charge more than like $5,000

Speaker 1  40:41
like, so, you know, I would say probably, you know, for something like that depend, it would depend on the complexity of the client. But we could go from like, the low end, really not complex, maybe like 500 bucks, to, you know, something where was like, you know, the extreme high end of, you know, super, super super complicated. It'll be like a few 1000, but like, we're not that's kind of the general range that I'm at least thinking of when, when you're talking about that kind

Matthias Miller  41:11
of carpet, right? That's over. But if we did three of these, I mean, we could probably come up with some kind of criteria. So if we're doing this for rinse and repeat on a specific type of business, and we did three of these, and we know that they're only doing they have only one line of business. They're selling sheds, they're not doing anything else wonky. They're not manufacturing other stuff. They're not doing, you know, typically it's building house, plus on site, there's some logistics involved, hauling, usually outsourced, sometimes in house. You know, we could, we could probably come up with at least close enough ballparks that we could both have enough that we could have enough remove enough variability from pricing, and have enough clauses to say that, hey, if you guys are doing something really like screwball, like, there's going to be enough charge to really get into the depths of it.

Speaker 1  42:26
Yeah, yeah. I think that's totally reasonable. You know, I'm just, you know, I've never, I don't think I've ever actually done the books for like, a, like a shed business. So, you know, it's not, you know, it's, I'm not going into this. Like, you know, 100% eyes open. But like, you know, yeah, if we, if this becomes a recurring thing, and, like, you know, we, we just, do, you know, three, five of these. Like, yeah, it'll be, like, we have a, I have a pretty good sense of of what I'm getting into, and it'll be pretty, pretty standard pricing, I think, for that, all right,

Matthias Miller  43:11
okay, What's helpful for me to know and understand what I

Matthias Miller  43:27
I think that's, I think that's my immediate question. I mean, those are really my immediate questions.

Matthias Miller  43:38
That's a little bit of a tease to drop this short, but I really do, I do need to, yeah, I

Speaker 1  43:43
actually need to head out as well, but, but, you know, I, I look forward to chatting again and and, you know, hopefully you'll have, you know, if you, if you go to a liturgy before we talk again, we'll have something to chat about you can how awful the whole experience was, so Yeah, sounds good. All right, cheers. Lovely to meet you, and Yes, sounds good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai