Unknown Speaker  02:35
That's up, sir,

Unknown Speaker  02:35
Hey, good to see you.

Speaker 1  02:38
Sorry, I had to run and get my notebook. Oh,

Matthias Miller  02:43
good man, all good.

Unknown Speaker  02:46
I took the

Speaker 1  02:49
kids are off today for school and service, and so I took them to a jumping room, or whatever they all got all the trampolines. So I had my notebook stuffed in a my pouch I take with me. Nice. Are you up to? I love your office space. By the way. It looks very nice.

Matthias Miller  03:17
Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  03:18
My living room.

Matthias Miller  03:22
You know, a living room has its own set of, I don't know, good vibes, yeah, oh man,

Matthias Miller  03:41
yes. So I'm smack dab in the middle of I was in round table last week, unfortunately, again. And the big thing that surfaced from that was so Perry's, I don't know if how much you watch his emails and stuff, but he's pushing start principal pretty hard. Pretty hard.

Speaker 1  04:04
Yeah, yeah, star and anything related around Robert or gosh, there, or whatever. Yep, he must have been really inspired. I would have loved to have gone that, but it's been a really crappy year. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:24
understand. So the question became, what's what's shooting fish in a barrel for me. And first of all, you know, other backstory in the last two months have, I mean, I guess people say that I'm apparently a glutton for punishment when it comes to dealing with head trash and stuff like that, but feel like in the last two months, I've really been able to go deep in ways that I hadn't before, and so there's been a lot of. Of reconciling the I want to do good, I want to make money, but those two things are at odds, and so I resolved a bunch of that stuff internally. And that was really good timing. So what came out of that is, you know, doubling down on shed, shed builders. Okay, go. It's one of two paths. I think it's, it's business, consulting, marketing, sales team, building out processes to make, you know, kind of the lack of a better term, the Michael Gerber E Myth, okay, it's people have 1,000,001 I mean, there's 1,000,001 whatever. That's just broad brush strokes. Help them systematize their business. The other path is, is the tech path? So build out the CRMs, probably build out some proprietary tool sets around that as well, potentially white label. CRM all of this predicated on doing a bunch of discoveries where let me go turn your business upside down, and let's go see what's really going on and see where opportunities are for improvement. And I've got lots of time in the space, and I've helped people get some pretty incredible results. And may not be results may not be normative, but yeah, I know a thing or two. So yeah, and then see what emerges, you know, do that for 12 to 18 months, and look for the emergent property of what comes from that. As I do that,

Speaker 2  06:50
I'm, I'm curious what 2025 is going to bring us. So I'm,

Speaker 1  07:02
I'm hoping the business environment is better generally. You know, if you look at a lot of the business metric, you know, sales are flat or whatever. And I'm like, You know what that that does not take into account the inflation. You know what I mean, like sales are flat dollar wise. But I would bet a lot of places year over year, are down unit volume wise. You know what I mean,

Unknown Speaker  07:36
right? So,

Speaker 1  07:40
and it gets hard to it's hard to quantify, but

Matthias Miller  07:46
so the shed industry was like that. A lot of companies were down 10% over prior year. The client I was working with, we got super aggressive with sales, and they were, they were up 30% Yeah, so, but and sheds are a little different. Yeah, I've heard it said that they're more counter recent, like, they're more

Speaker 2  08:14
okay session positive, like a junkyard,

Matthias Miller  08:17
yeah? Like a junkyard, yeah.

Speaker 1  08:21
I think that's the craziest thing. It's like when everybody else is down there up and there are industries like that that I find really interesting. You know?

Matthias Miller  08:35
It is? It really, is? I um,

Speaker 1  08:44
yeah, I am, yeah, I don't. It's been a rough year. So my head is, I've been beat up horribly this year, so

Matthias Miller  08:56
just in business with the acquisition and managers and

Speaker 1  09:00
yeah, you know, like, like, we cut expenses at the at at the DSI, like, we did a great job cutting expenses, and we actually have the same sales team. Or, well, I shouldn't say that we have the same size sale sales team that we had before. So it's not like we're cutting customer facing kind of stuff. It's just we cut expenses. We move some people from the US to Mexico or whatever. You know, some of those roles which cut our expenses, we cut our expenses, like 20% but like, revenue just followed it right down. It was like, just, just when you were like, well, we're cutting all these expenses. We're going to take this business from from flat lining to, you know, now have positive cash flow and revenue just keeps. You know, following us, followed us down, you know. And it's like, When am I going to have one of these good months? And it's just like, not. And then August was shut down. You know, a lot of companies shut down for a while, and then so we were like, okay, September's coming back September is worse than August. It was like Jesus. And then now, after September, now you're into election season here in the US, and no one's doing anything. They're just sitting on their hands so,

Matthias Miller  10:35
and then December's end of year. So why would you do anything then?

Speaker 1  10:38
Yeah, now, as well as new budgets now and but we did after September, October came back a little bit. November came back some. Well, October came back. November's looking better, but yeah, December will probably be down, but ours wasn't as down last year, as we thought, and I think it's because you're already sort of at rock bottom, and people have to replace, you know, update parts and whatnot, but there will be two weeks of shutdown and that sort of thing. You know that you can't get around. But I know your writing has been really interesting the last year. I'll give you that. I mean, I don't, I don't know if you're just putting these things out, like, as they come to you, or if, if you're but your your writing is really well and like,

Unknown Speaker  11:41
who's the,

Speaker 1  11:45
what's her name, the real estate lady in Florida.

Unknown Speaker  11:50
Roberta,

Matthias Miller  11:53
no, not that's, she's Texas Real Estate ladies,

Speaker 1  11:55
yeah. Roberta, okay, well, she, she was in Florida.

Matthias Miller  12:00
She was in Florida. Yeah,

Speaker 1  12:04
I know I noticed. So I, you know, you see a lot of people because you're in Perry and Roberta's after round table, Roberta's writing got really good. She got almost, she was almost channeling, sorry that someone's coming to pick up one of the girls.

Unknown Speaker  12:25
Okay, all good.

Speaker 2  12:30
Did you give Louisa her book, school book? Talk about it. It's people talk about it you need to go learn so you can teach Mila. She's coming today.

Speaker 1  12:56
All right, thanks, Louisa, thanks for going with us. You he

Unknown Speaker  13:17
doesn't want to feel that he could use a

Unknown Speaker  13:19
lot of work in all right, I'm back. Mostly

Unknown Speaker  13:24
Okay, so that's great. So

Speaker 1  13:26
so the kids are out today, so everyone's trying to figure out what to do with their kids. And one of the boys, Alex, is friends with. His brother was going to get air, and he's in second grade, and his fourth grade brother was going with him, so they were trying to find someone to go with him. So they reached out to me, and I was like, I'll bring Alex, but I need to find someone to go with Milo. So we got a hold of Louisa, and I was like, I don't know how far this kid is going to go with siblings. So that's great. So Louisa went with Myla, and then afterwards, she just came back here, and so her mom picking her up for piano lessons now. So anyway, so it was, it was we, since the public schools were still in today. It was mostly just us there today, which was fun. So

Unknown Speaker  14:24
it's nice.

Unknown Speaker  14:28
That's great. Anyway, well, that's great.

Speaker 1  14:31
So the girls were the girls were planning, maybe we'll go to Louise's tomorrow. Milo was like, Well, I don't think I want to do that, because Gordie is walking around naked. He's like the three year old brother.

Unknown Speaker  14:50
Anyway,

Speaker 1  14:52
they're getting to getting to the point where they say the darnest thing. You know Alex this morning this This one caught me funny. You know, Alex said something in the car. He and but instead of saying self employed entrepreneur, he said self inflicted entrepreneur. And I was like laughing, and he's like, Well, I didn't know. I didn't mean I said, Alex, you don't understand how that hit me as really funny this morning. I was like, and it's probably almost really true, you know, I said, you sort of made a new phrase right there.

Matthias Miller  15:38
That could be a whole, like the

Speaker 1  15:42
whole thing, then that's a lot of digging right there.

Matthias Miller  15:47
That's hilarious. That's awesome. Oh, wow. I

Unknown Speaker  16:03
yeah, I, I mentioned this to you before, and I don't you know this the struggles that that you have running a business, and and the ADHD that we all have,

Speaker 2  16:26
in some sort of fashion diagnosed your own is, I'm like,

Speaker 1  16:36
business could be such A good team sport. You know what? I mean, it's like getting the right team of people together. Because, like, when you get to, like, you know, DSI, we have, what, 3040, people, something like that. Like you have a lot of people that just want you to tell them what they need to do, right? Like, give us direction. And so if you could set them loose for the week, you know, in a couple hours, you could get a lot done at three or four companies. You know what I mean? Yeah, and that's all the more time you would have to be interested in each company. You know what I mean? You're like, Okay, I need you guys to because it's not even like, it's not even like, visionary kinds of things. It's like, okay, look, someone needs to get rid of this inventory. What are we going to do? Okay, I need you guys to go collect all the data on it. We've got an old system. Go find out what all these system settings are. Wire. Why are some of them flagged? X, why are some of them in location? W, go figure that out. Come back. Tell me. We need to gather this up. I want to sell it off to a liquidator. Okay, great. Well, that's, you know, in 10 minutes, you've just given them a week's worth of work, you know.

Speaker 1  18:15
And I'm like, but at the same time, so many of us have, well, different, different skills, right? So it's like, there's, there's people that are, you know, I look at Josh and watch what he's doing with sales teams, and I'm like, Man, I'd love to have Josh come work with my sales teams. I just can't afford to have him there, you know, at this point, number one, and And like you, with all your not so much developing the systems, but understanding them and what they can do and what power is behind them, and How the marketing all ties together, right? Like, in 20 minutes or an hour, you could give a team of five people easily a week's worth of work, right? And, and it's almost like, okay, and then I need something else to keep me busy, so I don't come up with five weeks worth of work for them to do this week, you know, it's like nothing ever happens fast enough, you know. So, yeah, like Wednesday, I was up figuring out our network, you know, Spectrum came in and put in a new modem, and the guy was there, and no one else there could help him figure that out, so I went and did that. That took me a couple of hours, and then I was off. The next thing you know, while he was doing all the work, you know.

Matthias Miller  19:59
So do you. Are you finding yourself in this? It's kind of this weird space of revenue down, but not necessarily. There's not just a ton of levers for you specifically to pull.

Speaker 1  20:15
Yeah. So, yeah. So we got, we, we pretty much pulled all of our expense revenues that we can right? Yep. And then right now, we've got a ton of inventory that was there when we bought it, right? So I'm trying to we're just like, let's just liquidate it. Let's get rid of it and turn it into cash. And everyone's like, well, you know, I was like, look, it's paid for, it's done. It's old. Yes, we could sell it at higher margins, but if I can have cash, next month, I'll take cash. You know what I mean. But when, when you become an owner, cash is king. You know what I mean? It's like, I got people, I got I got customers that are $100,000 behind paying me, and I'm behind on my bills by $100,000 and if I could get that, well, it would solve my problem. But it's just like continuous then this month, they're behind 100,000 last month, they were behind them 100,000 the month. And it's different people, you know? Yeah, it's just always someone's behind, and it's always $100,000 you know? So I've been trying to do get SBA loans lined up, and, like, early this week they called. I woke up. See, this is the weirdest thing. I woke up in a crappy mood Tuesday morning. My wife's like, what's wrong? And I said, I don't know. I'm just in a bad mood, right? When I got up. Well, it was, like, couple hours later, the banker calls me and she's like, well, the SBA loves your business. They love what you've done with it, but they would really like to see your next year tax returns. Jesus. Like, that's, that's like three months away from now, like, that's not very helpful, you know, right, exactly and and literally, she ran my credit report, my partner's credit report, and the business's credit report, and Brandt and I were fine, but the business was off by like two points out of like 100 we were like, 178 or something. She's like, I could have just written you the loan, conventional loan. Not even used the SBA just wrote. It was like, shit, like, I'm that close. And it's like, I just need a couple $100,000 and then I can focus on the future instead of today, and collect today. So

Matthias Miller  22:42
chasing down, wow,

Speaker 1  22:45
yeah. So it's like, you know, you just get a little pot of money, you know what? I mean. So, yeah, I was like, I need to find some investors and call it slow money. Like, look, it's going to be a conservative approach. We're, not, you know, you're not going to make 90% returns or anything like this, but it's just going to be conservatively financed, well managed, and not a 10 person business needs to be like a 3040, 50 person business. You know what I mean, where you can come in, tell them what to do, give them their week's worth of work. And then, you know, because I spend a time, it's like you get focused and try and do like what you were saying, this star business, okay, how do I, how do I improve the USP of this thing? Because it's man, over and over, I go back to that DSP, USP stuff, and it's like, this is the hardest part of these things. You know what I mean? Like, when you're when you're not, like, none of the businesses that I have are like, local, you know what I mean? So it feels like, well, it can't be like, Why I'm the best local, I have to be the best national, right? Or International, you know? So it makes your competition much larger meaning, like you have to think about everybody, and not just who's the next guy over, you know what I mean? Right? So,

Matthias Miller  24:24
so is there a place I don't know what you're willing to do or what makes sense?

Speaker 2  24:41
I Yeah, so,

Speaker 1  24:51
yeah, I'm my revenue shit right now. I, you know, I can't afford anybody, but that's the i.

Matthias Miller  25:00
That conversation with Josh at all?

Unknown Speaker  25:04
No, I didn't, you know.

Matthias Miller  25:08
So what? Go ahead, I'm sorry. Well,

Speaker 1  25:10
it's just, you know, I'm not even paying myself right now, if that you know, and sure you've been there, done that, you know, I paid myself a couple times, and that was it. But yeah, right, right now it's like, I'm just trying to make it to next year.

Unknown Speaker  25:28
Can you and go ahead?

Matthias Miller  25:33
Would you consider calling up Josh and saying, I have no idea if this is something that's in your wheelhouse, and I'm going to lay the cards out on the table, revenues upside down, I don't I'm not paying myself. I can't pay you. Can we do a would you? Would you be even open to exploring a compensation based on upside and whether I can even whether it even makes sense for us to work together and

Unknown Speaker  26:09
see what he says. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  26:18
here's the other thing I've learned too. I is I know my partner is my nephew, and I know you've worked with your brother, but sometimes you have a different view on how things should work, like my nephew is still of in the mindset that I uh, customers, mailing lists and all that are a numbers game. Does that make sense? Like, in his mind, if 13,000 on the mailing list is good, 20,000 is better, right, right. And in my head, I'm like, I need to get my COVID Customer avatars and that sort of stuff figured out, like we need to be. And I've been talking to the marketing people, and they're sort of on board, and I'm pushing them that way, like we need to start segmenting these lists, right?

Unknown Speaker  27:22
Right? Like,

Speaker 1  27:26
I know you think your click through rate is good and it's above average, but it's not because they still live in the in the we're better than average world versus the 8020 world, right? Where it's like, Yes, I know that average is whatever percent click through rate and whatever, but the average is meaningless, right? Because there's some people getting 10 times that, and there are some people getting almost nothing, and we're just sort of floating at average or just above it, you know? And it's like, that's not where we want to be. You can't be there, you know. The goal is really, the goal is really eight or 10 times what's average. You know, that's good. And because you have to because I have customers that are like Toyota right where they've got buyers, they've got engineers and that sort of thing, and those are the kinds of people you're working with. And then I've also got customers that are seamstresses, and it's the lady and her assistant working there, you know what I mean? And it's just the two of them, you know. And it's like those are two completely separate messages. One case you're talking to engineers. Another case you're talking to some lady that just needs some seam rippers, you know. And, so I've been, I've been spending, unfortunately, I've spent a lot of time trying to, okay, what are all of these? How do I start to segment these customers, right, right? So I've been working on that, and I've been playing with that. And, and I'm not gonna say I'm good at it either. I just, I just know more than the average bear. You know what I mean. And so, so where I was going with it. It was is, some of this is soul searching, and some of it, what get got me in this position is a lot of self doubt, right, right? Like, okay, well, do I know enough to take on a business this size, right? And so I brought Brandt in. And I don't think we're any that much better off now he's got some overseas people that that he had access to. So in this case, maybe it was beneficial, you know, which helped us get our costs cut way down. But longer term, I'm sitting here going, I would rather have people that understand how marketing and sales a need to fit together, and how really different thinking about this than the average bear is so much better. You know what I mean? Yeah, and sometimes you just beat your head on this for a little bit. Sometimes it's, in my case, it's usually, I have always been the minority shareholder. So it's always influence right? It's like influence peddling. I go in there and be like, well, what if we tried this? What if we tried that? Okay, well, that worked. Why don't we try this over here? And things start to get better, but slowly, you know? But? And then the other thing that came from this in the last year is that I am probably more comfortable be since I've been in the minority shareholder position. I'm more comfortable there. But for a different reason, I understand that even if you are the controlling shareholder, you don't control it. Right? Meaning, like the business environment, the customers, there's so many things outside of your control, whether you control 100% of the shares or not, you don't control it. You know what I mean?

Matthias Miller  31:58
But there's degrees of control so, or there's secondary control that you do have,

Speaker 1  32:07
yeah, yeah. And, but my thing is, is was more along the lines of, look, if you get the right team of people together, and when I say that, I'm talking about Perry kind of thing. I'm beginning to understand how crucial sales and marketing are to so many businesses, and to and to to understand like the 8020 to understand like the star principle, right? Like, how do I get in that position? And that's what I need to like. It's one thing to be like, Okay, I want to grow my mailing list. But yes, what? Why? And particularly, is there a certain way I want to grow it? You know what I mean, instead of just volume it, you know, at all cost, you know,

Matthias Miller  33:01
we're going to stay online and drop off screen for a minute with your avatars. Have you been able to Are there any avatars for which you are a star?

Speaker 1  33:17
I don't know that there are. And that's the other thing, that's what I've been I've been sending out. I've got like, three or four people, sales people in the field all the time. And so I every once in a while, I'll pop off and ask them questions and be like, Okay, tell me about this, or tell me about that. You know what I mean? Because so, so I brought my thing up here. I've got different business types and those business types by different machine types. Okay, so, like I there's probably, there's probably 15 or 20 different end users. Some of them make, for instance, some of them do alterations. Some of them make tents. Some of them make, well, I'm a customer at my other company, right? Large products. Some of them are apparel, some of them are mattresses, but they tend to the the type of machine that they use can can almost cluster some of those, like large, large product users, mostly use walking feet machines. And then above that would be people that use walking feet machines but use some additional like automation, right? And in that case, then you would sort of limit yourself to four different groups, which is good. And then I've got customers that. Have one to five, you know, like in the range of anywhere from one to five machines to I have one customer that has 1500 machines, you know what I mean. And then I've got different languages, three different languages, but that's mostly translation there. So I don't know that that's really an avatar. And then, depending on the size of the customer, you got, Owner, buyer, technician, engineer, plant manager, some of them are project managers, so to speak. But like I was trying to come up with

Speaker 1  35:51
where I was going with it was is, you know, if I've got four types here, and four size types and six different roles. I wouldn't multiply those together and get like, 10,000 or 50,000 different avatars. I think you could start to pool those. You know what I mean, like the people with a lot of machines, you're tending to be talking to technician, engineer or plant manager, right? Whereas the smaller ones you're you're talking to the owner. You know what I mean.

Matthias Miller  36:32
So have you done any sales analysis on which? What? What has? Uh, process, which products have experienced the most growth over a five year trend, or something like that?

Unknown Speaker  36:50
No,

Matthias Miller  36:53
because couldn't your product also be a sign of star potential, certainly growth and then, and then find yourself relative to, is there a subset of buyers? I mean, is the universe of buyers, or is there a subset of buyers for which you are the number one supplier for them, based on the growth of sales, I

Unknown Speaker  37:23
I don't know. These are good questions.

Matthias Miller  37:29
Yeah, I don't know you. There might be a dead end, but it could be that there's some weird, I mean, niche,

Unknown Speaker  37:39
niche niche, purple

Matthias Miller  37:41
seam rippers are the hot trend. I mean, you know, I don't know.

Speaker 1  37:48
Yeah, no, I don't, I don't know. Those are good questions. And then the the other angle I was sort of, so here's the other angle I was sort of taking too. Was is, who do I want to be a star to Right? Like, obviously the guys with 1500 machines buy a lot more stuff than the people that have one or two machines. You know what? I mean?

Matthias Miller  38:22
Um, but you can also, also build loyalty with the one to two people, and if they feel like your friend, they're your friend, they will, you know, maybe I don't know, it's less likely to be strictly numbers.

Speaker 1  38:41
Yeah, no, it's hard, because the people, the people at the top end of the spectrum, take take a lot more of the sales people's times, right, right, like the people at the bottom usually call an order and that sort of thing. The other thing that we're also trying to do is make sure that we're getting we've pushed some on it, but I haven't done it lately. Is like I expect to get higher margins out of people that buy, you know, $5,000 worth of stuff a year, versus the people that buy $500,000 of stuff, you know, right now, the people that by $500,000 have a direct phone number to a sales guy, right? The technician, and where the other people usually don't get to talk to them, you know. But that's one thing, you know, part of one of the things that I was, one of the things that I was working on was, you, this is how I was thinking about using AI

Unknown Speaker  39:53
is

Speaker 1  39:59
recording. Making a lot of these calls, which is hard, because my sales guys usually use their cell phones, right? But like recording these calls, because someone will call and say, Hey, I'm having a problem with XYZ and it's not working, or this or that, and then taking those conversations and just cramming them into AI and going, Okay, how could I have aI answer these questions for my smaller customers without using a salesperson, right? So they would get access to to an AI technician. Does that make sense?

Speaker 2  40:43
Yes, it does make sense. So, like, I'm

Speaker 1  40:47
already got the answers. They're in the they're in the organization. They're just not available to small people, you know, right?

Unknown Speaker  41:01
There's, yeah, there's some,

Matthias Miller  41:05
what level of confidence, percentage wise, do you have of finding or creating the star within DSI that stands now?

Speaker 1  41:17
Say that differently, like the star sales person or No, no, sorry,

Matthias Miller  41:23
start, start business. Um,

Speaker 1  41:29
well, to be honest, I think it's not inside of our business, but I know what it is. Well, there's couple of them. There's one is and this is crazy, but mechanics, right? I talked to you about mechanics, I haven't been able to pull that together. And then the other one is automation, and we're actually in conversations with like, four other companies to buy them, and one of them has an automation division. And I think long term, that will be more and more Right, right. Like automation is becoming cheaper and simpler, and I think finding people to do some of these tasks is becoming harder and harder and more expensive, and automation, or at least some level of automation, is becoming, in some cases, almost required, to be competitive, right?

Matthias Miller  42:37
Well, and especially if I don't know what your perspective is in this but the conversation this morning with with friends of mine about tariffs and, you know, supply and demand of onshore manufacturing and, yep, you know, that's seems like An interesting talk about not being in control.

Speaker 1  42:59
Yeah. So know how many of those tariffs are going to go through, but you know, you never know. You know, right?

Matthias Miller  43:10
So, if you acquired those four, could you become a star by virtue of acquisition? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  43:17
Is that your plan? Sort of

Speaker 1  43:20
number one I would be, I would be volume star, right? And then I could lean into, I could easily lean into the automation and the other parts. So we're Today. Today. We're a top 10 distributor. I of

Speaker 2  43:40
Juki

Speaker 1  43:45
products so and that's like, I'm I don't know exactly what numbers they use, and they don't show me the other top 10, but when they tell us it's top 10 internationally, right? So in the world, we're in the top 10, and one of the other people that we're looking to acquire would also be on that list,

Matthias Miller  44:12
right? So you have a 50% 5050, chance of the acquisition with them, catapulting you to number one,

Speaker 1  44:21
at least in the US, which would then make a star position in the US, right, as far as volume goes. And then, yeah, well meaning, like you could be in the you could be in the star position. Now it's, it's not a growing industry, right? So that's the other issue. But you could take that, the automation part, and some of the others and and basically go, okay, where the where the large. Competitor in the United States, which gives us benefits. And now we can go out and we can feed these star portions of our business, right, like the automation, right? And say, Okay, now I'm going to feed the beast with this. I'm going to, I'm going to invest into the automation part of it, I'm going to invest into the mechanics portion of this. And those businesses would be growing, whether they would be at 20% I don't know, but they could be,

Matthias Miller  45:33
right the automation pocket, seems like it could grow fairly rapidly. Yeah, so isn't so your challenge right now is, how does Todd wake up every morning with a peaceful smile on his face, knowing that if he can figure out a way to get cash maintain cash flow for six to 12 months until this acquisition can happen. Yep, like that's is. And how can you not lose sight of the ball and not get distracted by the Okay, we're gonna have to liquidate a bunch of inventory to make payroll, if necessary.

Speaker 1  46:18
Some of, it's some of that's really old stuff, and it's, it won't hurt us in any way. It's basically taking old inventory that should have been gotten rid of five years ago, and just get rid of it, right, turn it into cash. That would obviously improve my cash position to the point where I don't need bank funding or anything at that point now to make acquisitions and to do it wisely, that's when we would be back to the bank. But I think they were, I actually talked to them about it, and they were very open to that conversation. They were like, Hey, we like this, you know, we like this one competitor to buy. I'm not sure about these other two or three. And I'm like, well, that's where you get your volume at, right? So, and then you can now take all of their cuts, because I don't suggest a lot of automation today, because I have to outsource it, right, right? So, but if I were in the position where the automation was done internally, well, I would suggest it a lot more, you know, be like, hey, it's time to move forward. You know, it's, you don't want to buy that, you know, $20,000 machine. You want to buy this $40,000 machine, you know, right? And the margins are better for me, and blah, blah, blah, you know,

Matthias Miller  47:49
exactly, so Exactly. And then you have the snowball effect. And then, even if it turns into nothing, but a bit, but then once, once you become you get number one position, even if it's a cash cow. Yep, you can. You can then look at acquiring company number three. Now you have the automation in house that that allows you to rapidly to buy a company at its current value and rapidly increase its value by virtue of what you have internally, which is afforded to you because you are a star now, or have have number one position,

Speaker 1  48:30
yeah, you would have cash cow, at least in that cow, at least Yeah. And no one could really attack you, because at that point, then you're, you're in the position where no one can really undercut you on margins, because they could never get their margins down right. And

Matthias Miller  48:47
then that's where you become Savage, and you figure out a way to shift the culture from better than most to 8020 and you bring in your Josh and all the other folks you want to can you imagine what would happen if, if, then your focus became not just we're number one, but we're looking to create the distance between us number one and number two? Yeah, and most people are haphazard at sales and marketing. I'm sure, if you just, you know, one simple example of doubling down on that becoming, you know, 30% better than the rest of the industry. Yep, you know, it goes from there. So,

Speaker 1  49:36
yeah, because I you know all these, here's the thing, all these companies are, most of them are shoe leather sales. You know what I mean? That was where they grew up. They never grew out of that. The people that run these companies are 70 plus years old. They're just not interested. When I talk to a couple of them, they're like, Yeah, we this company just needs. New blood in it, you know. And these are the owners, you know. These aren't like, well, they, they know, and they just don't have the energy to, oh, sure. Number one, I don't think they know how to do it. And number two, they don't have the energy to do it, you know.

Unknown Speaker  50:18
And I

Speaker 1  50:23
Yeah, yeah. And then the one guy, and there's a company in Miami that we're looking to buy, and his buildings are worth a shit ton of money, you know what? I mean, it's like he just needs to sell that business so he can sell the buildings like his business is almost worthless, but the buildings are worth a fortune. It's like, you need to sell me that company so you can sell those buildings and and make your retirement there. You know what I mean? That's where your retirement sits

Matthias Miller  50:53
exactly. So,

Speaker 1  50:58
yeah, we're just really close, and I'm Yeah, because yeah, yeah, like I could see having

Speaker 1  51:19
Yeah. I could see having you on board, helping dig through this, like help clarify these avatars, right, and then help marketing sort of start to focus on, how do I segment these, these CRM lists, effectively? And start really, what? Uh, really getting the response rate up, and then someone like Josh sitting, looking at the actual sales team and going, Okay, what message are you telling them? And it's a different message for every one of these people. You know what I mean? Like when you call this person. This is the message when you call this person, this is the message, you know, and and that would and it would be different for like, we have a call center that's just calling out to people, granted, they're in Mexico, so they don't have to sell hardly anything to pay for themselves, and it's paying for itself. Those people are just calling, like, old customers, we haven't heard from just ringing the phone, right? Hey, where are you at? What can we help you with? And they have people call back, and they're like, we didn't even know you guys were still in business, you know. It's like, well, yeah, so, yeah, yeah, so. And they're like, Well, we, you know, can you get us added back to your quote list, or whatever? And they're like, sure, you know, and so, or, Hey, can you quote me these things? And sure. So they're paying for themselves just ringing the phone and those girls call, those three girls ring 1000 numbers a week. Wow, they are machines,

Matthias Miller  53:04
so, and this is only to past customers.

Speaker 1  53:07
No, it's past. And then I, I bought some mailing lists, yep, and phone lists, and they're just hammering through that we've probably bought, I don't know. You know, some of the lists are, like, 500 along, and then we're using, I got, I since the conference, AI conference, I actually have the marketing people using AI to scrub The Internet for

Speaker 1  53:40
contacts so they're pulling out like 500 contacts a week using AI. And then I've got my my nephew has a team in the Dominican Republic, I believe, or is it Haiti, I don't even remember that are that he's basically sponsoring there. It's like a Make Work Program, okay? So, so we have to give them very simple tasks. So what I did was, I said, Look, what I want you to do is, I want you to get on Indeed, right? Yep. And I want you to find anybody in the United States that is hiring seamstresses. Yep. So grab the company name, and you know the location, because they tell you where the work is, right, because it's a physical kind of job. And I said, and then I want you to look up the company name and get a phone number, and boom, that's on our list. So they're dropping like 100 of those a week. So I was like a if they're hiring, we know that they're busy. They've got work. We know exactly that they're hiring a seamstress or a sewing machine operator, that they have products that we can sell them. Boom. So that's something they can do. You know, they can search that and they write it down some I don't they put it in a spreadsheet, and then that goes over to the to the call center, and those girls ring through all those numbers every week. So, so we've come up with a zillion creative ways to, like, get it out there. It's just, I don't think like the messaging is like, tuned in very well. You know, we're working on some of that. Now we record all of those calls. I had them send me some because sometimes I play with this stuff. So I had them send me some calls, recorded calls, some of them are in Spanish. And then what I was going to do is have get transcripts written and then drop them into AI and say, hey, what can you tell me about these people? You know? Well, one of them was like, these people basically weren't interested. These people were interested. Or these people bought. Okay, so what's different about these three conversations that that created this, right? So did we have a different conversation with the person that bought than the person that didn't exactly, exactly? Yeah, no, we used AI early on, I took our sales volume out of torlene Mexico, because most of my stuff I buy, and it comes into Hopkinsville, Kentucky, and then I ship stuff to tour Leone Mexico. And so what I was trying to do was figure out what they were going to sell next week so I could ship up to them this week. Because before, what they were doing is they were basically like, well, you know what we do is we figure out what inventory we need for next month, and we order all that, and then we get it ready, and we ship it to Mexico. I said, Why next month? I said, Why not next week? I said, I don't want to own a month's worth of stuff and figure out it's wrong. I want to own a week's worth of stuff, you know? Yeah, well, I crammed all that into artificial intelligence, and it came back, and it gave me some things, and then I had, it was amazing conversation I had with it. I was like, oh, I want to so it was, in other words, it came back, and it basically was like, you should order all this stuff. And I said, Well, I want to narrow that list down. Here's your budget, right? And I said, and I don't want you to order things that are 5050 I want you to order things that are 85% plus that you're going to sell next week, right? Because if I can sell through it, then maybe next week, that interval can go from 85 to 75 to 60. Like is that we build some margins up. Let's do that. And then I had a girl in Bulgaria. She went through that whole thing, and she's like, I don't know. I just, I don't quite trust it. Let me do with Excel. So she spent a week cranking through that, and she got done, and she's like, You know what? It was pretty accurate. And, and then, because, I mean, it was a mountain of data, I jammed in, I don't know, six months worth of data or something, you know, crazy. And because all it has is, like, the part number, which is an internal part number. So if someone picked it up somewhere, it would be this weird T number that would mean nothing to them. So I took all, like, the descriptions and everything off. When I fed it in, it was like, here's the sales, here's the part number and here's the value of it, right? And so it could do some math around that. But she's like, really getting into this AI now? And she's like, well, you know, when I'm trying to figure this stuff out and I don't know how to do it in Excel, I go to chat and I have it right the formula that goes in the cell for Excel. So she's been using that. So we've been, we've been integrating this AI stuff into, like, everywhere, after I went through that conference, and, you know, kept pushing on this. And I was like, how about this? And the marketing people were like, well, we're not sure who to and so I had a conversation with chat, and I just forwarded them that. And I was like, here's who your buyers are. You know, that was really helpful. So, yeah, I'm like, we're right, like, at a precipice of, like, breakthrough, get a couple decent months of sales, sell off this inventory, and then I can, and then I can start having some conversations about spending some money on like, hey, we can take this to the next level. And I think my marketing girl Madison is open enough to this stuff. I I keep dropping hints. I'm like, Hey, I follow this. Perry Marshall. I think you should see his stuff, you know, and then there's like, three people that work in Marketing, and I was like, here is Perry Marshall's books. If any one of you want to read them, I will buy them for you

Matthias Miller  1:00:16
and and I will pay you $100 when you finish it as a gift card to a steakhouse.

Speaker 1  1:00:26
I should add that, but, yeah. But, you know, I sent them, forwarded them emails and stuff like that, yeah. But I think there, she understands that there's how to do some of that stuff. I think she, she's She also works. Madison works for like, two or three of the other companies too. So she does a lot of the thinking stuff through, and then hands it off to the other two people, you know, but which is also a blessing of being in this group, right? Because I don't have to pay Madison's full salary. I just pay part of it, you know, right? But it's like, Man, I can just taste it. I was so looking forward to this year, like, Okay, we got through November, December, those were slow, and then things and we were busting our ass cutting expenses. Was like, Okay, now we're gonna have margins to play with. And then revenue kept coming down. It's like, damn it.

Matthias Miller  1:01:31
Well, the bright side is, thank goodness you did that.

Speaker 1  1:01:36
Yep, I know. I know. That's why I'm like, I'm like, I would be in deep crap if we didn't, but

Matthias Miller  1:01:44
saved your saved your baking. Yeah, no. And

Unknown Speaker  1:01:47
cool,

Speaker 1  1:01:48
you know? And part of it is, you look at back at some of these things, and you're like, Well, we did a lot of work, and this just proves that we generally know what we're doing. And I guess, you know, you talk about doing a lot of deep work this year, and I'm like, Man, I think it's been that kind of year for a lot of people, and some of us, it was just thrust on.

Matthias Miller  1:02:16
It was not willing. It was yes. So well, you know,

Matthias Miller  1:02:27
wow. Well, I need to, I need to drop here. That's good. It's good chatting. Good hearing your journey. Yeah, stay encouraged. Keep your head in the game. Go ahead. Yeah, no, I

Speaker 1  1:02:42
Yeah, after having that conversation when you were here and listening to Josh's stuff, I'm like, I, you know, I just keep thinking, man, we could build a dream team and just knock through some of these things, you know? I get the impression Josh doesn't want to go out and buy something, right, right? But I think if you were like, Josh, here's what we're going to do, we're going to go buy five companies. You're going to work with one of them every day of the week, and you're just going to focus on these five companies, you know. And if they're large enough, there would be enough money and in it for all of us to take some sort of salary from each one of them, with the payoff and the big payoff in the back end, you know. But Enough, enough all of us could live comfortably and then, and then there's no it would just then be pure fun, you know. And find some some investors that are like, there's no way I'm going to pull this team together on my own, you know, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:47
so, yeah, anyway, well, yeah, I love it.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:56
I do love your writing. You've been doing some great writing this year.

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
Cool. Well, thank you. Yes, it's

Speaker 1  1:04:02
all it's coming through. No, I think your writing is getting better, and I've enjoyed it. You and Josh both have been putting a lot of stuff out, and I've enjoyed both of them. So,

Matthias Miller  1:04:16
yeah, that's good. Yeah, I love watching Josh's tech too. Yeah, I've been pulling out from social media, just pulling back from social media a little bit. So I'm gonna have to find my new rhythm for writing and getting this stuff out there. It's I have a path, and I don't need social media for looking to build and it's kind of comfortable not to so we'll see where that goes. Well,

Speaker 1  1:04:36
you know, you know one place that I've been getting i i subscribe to medium, yeah, so I there's a ton of good articles and stuff on there. And people I have started, people that I it, it, it offers you up stuff like every day, and then, um. Uh, every once in a while you'll catch an author you're like, I really like what? How they're like someone I would have never known, right? Right? So I don't know if that's an avenue, because it's not really social media type, you know, right? And all of these authors are allowed to link back to their websites right from the from the article, yep. So, yeah, no, I find some really good stuff on there. I don't know if that would work for you or not. So

Matthias Miller  1:05:30
very interested in that. Maybe

Speaker 1  1:05:33
give you a format to write. You can do format

Matthias Miller  1:05:39
then that could be quite it could be quite good. So medium, sub stack, one of those, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:05:47
What I like about medium is I don't have to subscribe to an individual. I don't know that. I don't know I think sub stack, or some of those, the author is monetizing their work, whereas medium is more like lead magnet kind of stuff, right? They may get a piece of my subscription depending on whether I subscribe to them or not. But,

Matthias Miller  1:06:10
right? I don't know how, but it's all in one you just click and it gets recommended and all

Speaker 1  1:06:15
this stuff, yeah, but it does. It actually recommends some good stuff. And then you, you, you're like, Oh, that's good. And then you subscribe to that author, you know, yeah. So, yeah. Anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:06:26
that's good idea. I'll jot jot down on my my ideas list. And, yeah, well,

Speaker 1  1:06:32
have a great weekend. I will you as well. We should not leave it so far between next time. And I'll let you talk a bit. Oh, it's

Matthias Miller  1:06:41
all good. It's interesting. I enjoyed it

Unknown Speaker  1:06:45
all right. Next up, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai