Unknown Speaker  01:57
I couldn't find the couldn't find the link.

Matthias Miller  02:00
Yeah, all of a sudden, I was like, yeah, maybe we said something. I said something last night. And then I was like, Oh yeah, but yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:16
okay,

Unknown Speaker  02:16
all right,

Unknown Speaker  02:18
where do we pick up?

Speaker 1  02:22
I a

Speaker 2  02:27
day. This is going to be a day. I'm booked straight through from i i have this, and then straight through from eight till nine tonight. Just straight through,

Matthias Miller  02:49
there's a guy who coaches entrepreneurs, who tells the story of having back to back zoom calls, so much so that his his little wake up call story is the story of him peeing in a bottle,

Speaker 2  03:04
right? Yeah, exactly. Oh, man, yeah. It's typically not like that. But I'm flying out of town tomorrow morning. I'm going to Florida to assist teach in some workshops and through the weekend. So it's like I had to pack everything in Monday through Wednesday.

Unknown Speaker  03:28
Wow, anything

Speaker 2  03:30
I had to is a really funny thing, because I didn't have to do anything. I chose to

Unknown Speaker  03:40
exactly. Wow, well, wow,

Unknown Speaker  03:55
oh, man, well, at

Unknown Speaker  03:56
least you didn't get the first flight out in the morning.

Unknown Speaker  04:00
Right? Could be worse.

Unknown Speaker  04:02
Could be worse.

Speaker 2  04:09
Yeah, I don't know if I'm sure it's probably this way for you, but, or maybe it's not, I don't know. Within my area, there's three airports I could go to, John Wayne, there's Ontario, there's lax, all of lax. Good day. 45 minutes John Wayne, 25 minutes from me, Ontario. 30 minutes Ontario and John Wayne are ridiculously expensive, like almost double the price. Yeah, so I'm always doing the metric of, okay, driving up to LA, fighting parking. Is it worth the extra money saved?

Matthias Miller  04:55
Yeah. I mean, it's very similar for me. For. Us. It's like, Colorado Springs versus Denver, one hour versus two. And it's like,

Unknown Speaker  05:07
you gotta do the algorithm.

Matthias Miller  05:09
Do the algorithm. Man, it's still close. It's just so convenient. That's yeah, and smaller airports, I'm assuming as well. So

Speaker 2  05:21
yeah, both those are smaller, easier to get in and out of. Lax is a nightmare to get in and out of, yeah, although I've kind of figured out that algorithm, like, I park off site, take the shuttle, and it goes straight in. It's like, five minutes to the gate. You're like, okay, like, that'll be fine, but it's a nightmare. Yeah, right,

Unknown Speaker  05:46
yeah, interesting.

Unknown Speaker  06:00
Well, in my head, I was thinking,

Matthias Miller  06:11
I still don't know if the October 18 timeline is really feasible with what we talked about, but i Hmm, if we say this is specifically for CEOs disillusioned with church, it suddenly becomes at least the marketing part of my brain. It's like, well, now it's simple. It's a pretty simple equation. First, go find the people who are go find executive coaches and tell them we're putting on this event. And do you have anybody you want to send? Go do cold outreach and see if you can identify faith based CEOs, substantially changes the makes it substantially easier. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  07:18
how so? How does that make it easier?

Unknown Speaker  07:26
Well,

Unknown Speaker  07:38
good question. I

Unknown Speaker  08:00
assuming

Matthias Miller  08:10
Well, the alternative, what makes it? It makes it easier, because, first of all, having having those people all in a room, they're already going to have similar stories because of their professional history where they're going to have some shared experience? Second of all,

Unknown Speaker  08:28
makes sense,

Matthias Miller  08:29
if you I mean, it's the whole, sounds kind of lame, but it sounds like to me because it's so overused sometimes, but it's the whole reticular activating system concept where you buy your red car and you suddenly see red cars everywhere. And in the red, I don't know, I mean, pick the cyber truck, because it's so distinctive, obviously that's going to stand out, but it stands out. Pick something else, some kind of whatever, some kind of middle of the road, red Ford that you buy, and you think it's and then you start seeing it everywhere, because, right, it's ubiquitous. Confirmation bias, confirmation bias. And what we could do instead would be, well, let's go down the list of people we know that our disillusion with church or have had these types of experiences, and let's just invite them into a group. I don't think you get the same level of experience. Well, actually, I don't know

Matthias Miller  09:51
you get a different kind of experience with that, but you do end up with some relatability differences, because you might have somebody who's you. Bussing tables at

Unknown Speaker  10:02
IHOP

Matthias Miller  10:05
and somebody who's running a, you know, 200 500,000 person corporation, company, right? And pragmatically, it's not just their day to day life experiences. There's so much differences in philosophy and worldview and how they show up. And I don't know that it should be like this, but I don't think you can escape the fact that it is like this, that their worlds are very it's very difficult for them to understand each other's worlds anymore,

Unknown Speaker  10:43
right?

Matthias Miller  10:50
And when it comes to networking and relationships, it gives you an eye for, let's say we're looking for CEOs. Well, I immediately think of 1233, people directly, throw in a four or five,

Unknown Speaker  11:13
who,

Matthias Miller  11:17
who could, who, who have a network like that, who could put some thought into it and send out some invites or make some introductions?

Speaker 2  11:31
What if, instead of look, we put it on the table? Of let's just see how it plays out. Let's reach out to those people, look for the introductions and see how that process plays out before we decide, no, October 18, yes, October 18. Let's just start that process and be like, Okay, let's see how it plays out, see how quickly those introductions come, see interest level, that kind of thing.

Matthias Miller  12:07
And so maybe start with interest and and if there is interest, is this, does this date work? Would you is a later date better?

Unknown Speaker  12:17
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  12:19
Because from the beginning it's for us, it's been really organic, right? What does it look like organically to have these conversations? And so I think following in that methodology like this, this resonates with me, that this is very organic, right? Interest Level aids, you know, that kind of thing. It's just Okay, let's see, right? So I really like, and we've talked about this many times before, but really like placing all this stuff before God and saying, Okay, if this is what you want to happen, open the doors, and as the doors open, we just walk through them,

Unknown Speaker  13:07
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  13:18
yeah. I really like that. And there was something within me, you know, as we put that date on, I was like, okay, like, it's a good target to shoot for, but there was something within me that was kind of, you know, I wouldn't say hesitant, but just processing through it. And I think that's the piece that I was processing, is this organ as organic as we would like it to be, right? I

Matthias Miller  13:52
so as an example for cold outreach, and you can tell me whether this is organic or not.

Unknown Speaker  14:14
I have there's a there's a limit. I

Matthias Miller  14:23
This is just just a draft. I

Matthias Miller  14:47
I think I might kill I mean, maybe whatever you got to get something out there. I.

Unknown Speaker  15:20
I feel like there's a little bit of something around

Matthias Miller  15:42
i You said this yesterday. I

Matthias Miller  16:17
is this longer than it needs to be?

Speaker 2  16:21
Yeah, I mean, just to get it out and then refine laters great. I

Unknown Speaker  17:19
this is way too long But I

Unknown Speaker  18:15
I don't

Matthias Miller  18:20
know that I Like them anyway. Give me here, pure, unfiltered,

Speaker 2  18:24
yeah, I think the framework's there. I think the framework's there obviously, you know, the refining of message and that kind of thing. But I think the framework is there.

Speaker 2  18:42
It there's something around what we're doing is not working. We have to take a different view of this, right? Are you open to a conversation of what that different view looks like?

Unknown Speaker  18:57
Yeah. I

Unknown Speaker  19:13
By the way, there's a

Speaker 2  19:15
local, collaborative, sorry, sorry, sorry, a collaborative conversation, not a not a lecture, right, but a collaborative conversation. You

Matthias Miller  19:35
get a bunch of these guys in a room asking for their opinion on how to fix this problem. Um,

Speaker 1  19:40
they will be eager to give their Yeah, I think give their input,

Speaker 2  19:49
yeah. And the important thing is, is to have, for lack of a better term, a maestro who can take all those despair. Are just disparate concepts and ask tough questions to focus the the attention,

Unknown Speaker  20:07
yeah, which I think

Speaker 2  20:14
you and I together are really good at that process, asking those questions. Well, what about this? How does this play into it? And, you know, just, just directing that, I think that's kind of the the the one of the the backbone of

Unknown Speaker  20:37
the partnership

Unknown Speaker  20:40
is we can do that, yeah, not be afraid to ask what these questions? These questions are essential, and I've wondered them for years. So can we actually talk about it? What actually? What is the actual usefulness of the church currently? What is it accomplishing?

Unknown Speaker  21:13
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:16
that's a nerve right there. I

Matthias Miller  21:39
I feel like we could take this And what's the really, really short version, I'm

Speaker 2  22:31
it really, it's shocking to me. Most of Western and this may be a little bit of divergence, but it pops into my head, so I'm going to say it.

Unknown Speaker  22:42
Go for

Unknown Speaker  22:45
it. Yeah,

Speaker 2  22:47
most of Western culture, foundationally, is built on the concept of Descartes' philosophy of I think, therefore I am, which makes it all very intellectual, right? But the issue is, is, that's just a abbreviation of the full quote. The full quote is, I doubt, therefore I think, therefore I am. I and maybe how this applies, at least from my perspective, is I want to set up a environment where it is a positive thing to doubt and to think and to come to know yourself better because of it. Right? Because we're too afraid, or I'm I'm not, but our society is too afraid to doubt

Matthias Miller  23:53
what a question See also my conversation with

Matthias Miller  24:02
yesterday. With the idea of doctrine of attainment as an example. Right? I

Unknown Speaker  24:48
What's

Speaker 2  24:52
that old analogy? Right? The the nail that sticks out gets hammered, right? You know, yeah, like you and I have both been in these positions where we have an idea, we've taken a thought, we've we've, we've wrestled with something, and we're absolutely convinced we know that we know that we know that this is the right thing, or at least heading in the right direction, and despite everybody around you saying that this is wrong, this is horrible, this is whatever, there's something deep inside us that that cannot let go of it, that cannot walk away from the concept or the idea, and that's really hard because it's really isolating. Maybe there are a bunch of nails out there that feel the exact same way, just but because of the isolation within their community and not having conversations with a larger community. They believe they're alone and have started to kill that, that gut feeling of this is not right. I'm

Matthias Miller  26:12
going to give you a we have to make you a t shirt. Says big, bold words, save the gut, right?

Unknown Speaker  26:28
Does anybody care about the gut anymore?

Speaker 3  26:31
People are going to be like all right. Is that a joke about a dad bod? Is that a joke, right? Or is this about, are you selling some kind of supplement? Yeah,

Speaker 3  28:37
this is like a cold outrage. I don't even know if this fits within the,

Matthias Miller  28:51
mostly, if it's Within the

Matthias Miller  29:00
as a kind of LinkedIn Cold outreach.

Unknown Speaker  29:08
I think it almost i

Matthias Miller  29:20
i feel like you almost say something like I

Speaker 2  30:21
Yeah, there's something about it like I'm I'm interested in connecting with people

Unknown Speaker  30:27
who have some wording and looking for it,

Speaker 2  30:42
looking for people who are disillusioned, as I am, and don't want to stay in the disillusionment. Want to move forward, right? Believe that there is a way to move forward. I

Speaker 3  31:06
I don't know if this is yeah,

Speaker 2  31:19
and something about me is like, not only disillusioned with church a disillusioned with the entirety of the experience in this world, church, society, business, this is not working. It grows ever more divisive. It grows ever more combative and ever more narcissistic, right?

Unknown Speaker  32:02
We could put church has a very.

Matthias Miller  32:14
I love the specificity of it. I

Matthias Miller  32:26
and I, I wonder if maybe we get together and we discover that we're all disillusioned about the world versus maybe I'm wrong. No,

Speaker 2  32:38
yeah. I mean, that's, that's it, because there's a bigger unity. There's a bigger unity of all people. And I think if we just say church, that becomes a very small community, I mean relatively small compared to the unity of all people,

Unknown Speaker  33:01
right?

Unknown Speaker  33:09
And there's something about it too, the forces that are trying or promote the gospel. Are not doing a good enough job of creating that environment where unity can

Matthias Miller  33:31
happen. I'm really pondering this. This is getting in the philosophical side and maybe grab a little bit of stuff tea. But most of that stuff is done by some kind of what's one of two things, either people who have such a strong personality. Well, no, I think it's it's often done by somebody who has a very strong personality, and sometimes it's it's strong because,

Unknown Speaker  34:12
oh, goodness

Matthias Miller  34:14
enough to send shivers up and down your spine. But I mean, there was this guy called Mark Cahill who used to play basketball, and he used to go around with a guy by the name of Brandon Howes, who was, you know, Mark, I think was a great, I think was a generally great guy. Brandon really gave me the creeps. But it was all about, you know, one heartbeat away, like but a very intense, very intense personality. He had just gotten off a really big fast and some of these intense personalities are driven by, you know. Some kind of ache, yep, some some kind of groove, some kind of wound and but even, even the ones that aren't, it's like, but not everybody. I'm okay, Melvin. I love the guy. He's great, um, but he's a born sales guy, right? That's what he is and and I'm very good at he. I think he and I are very different. I mean, I know he and I are very different. I can close very complex deals, but I don't feel like I'm great at closing simple ones. And I don't think you would have the patience to close big, complex deals, but there's this Okay, so I mean coming back full circle. Yeah, yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  36:06
somebody else was talking, I came across something on Facebook, or somebody was talking about the history of the church in terms of theater, and correlating it to theatrical performances, which I don't know that the authenticity of the structure of church, you know, did it really come from that? But this is kind of trite, but still, like advancing the gospel is reserved for it's always the people who have those types of personalities telling us how to do it right. It's always us comparing ourselves to them and being like we can never do that and those types of personalities. I know this is a bad categorical statement, but I'm going to make it anyway off those types of personalities are often better at living out their own life than they are looking at you and saying, Kevin, your memo is like this, like, stop trying to be me. You should do more of this, because this is more more. This is who you are, right? Or or even just straight up giving permission to it's like I found the answer. I don't know. I don't know if I'm making sense.

Speaker 2  37:37
No, there's something powerful. There something powerful there?

Speaker 2  37:47
Yeah, it just seems like it's more of a ego manifestation than it is a like you're you're trying to sell somebody something, right, rather than an invitation to a conversation, right? And I cannot. I cannot handle when it happens in me, or when it when I see it happening in somebody else. I cannot handle the slick salesman. It just makes my skin crawl. And I think it's fundamentally because I think it is not about love at that point. It's about an agenda. It's about an agenda, and inevitably, that's manipulative.

Speaker 2  38:47
Like I have this client who I talked to yesterday, and she's involved in a very charismatic church in Texas, and they had this inner healing conference, and they had purifying the bloodlines, and they had all this stuff. And this woman's in her early 30s, and she's been trying to heal for the entirety of her adult life. Wow, and she's gotten taken in by everybody who promises her that they can fix her. And I looked at her yesterday because it just struck me. I said, Michaela, you do not need to be fixed. People have been selling you something the entirety of your adult life that you need to be fixed. What you need is to be known, because God is completely uninterested in fixing you. He's he absolutely is ridiculously invest. Did in knowing you, and that's it. It's an invitation to know yourself and to know another

Speaker 2  40:19
part of the problem with all of these movements and ministries and everything that want to fix the world? Yeah, it's all, I don't care how pure your motive is. You get in that situation and you're trying to sell somebody something bottom line, it's going to become tainted. Now, if there's to be known and it's just a conversation, there you go. End of story.

Matthias Miller  41:07
I am proud owner of the domain unmastermind.com which I just had to buy, because how can you not?

Unknown Speaker  41:17
How good could you not?

Speaker 3  41:22
By me? But this is the problem, like the this is the problem with

Speaker 2  41:36
me. My skin absolutely crawls when I hear somebody like a YouTube video or whatever, where they're telling you about their method, and then there's this video series you need to sign up for, and my skin crawls, because there's going to be no transformational change there, because there's NO RELATIONSHIP created, and change only occurs via a relationship.

Unknown Speaker  42:05
It's not going to happen.

Speaker 2  42:07
So Melvin goes and he sits at an event, and he asks God to bring him people. And then what does he do? The second that God brings some people,

Speaker 3  42:18
implicitly fixing them. He sells them. Sells them.

Speaker 2  42:24
He creates the problem that he can fix but he can never fix, right? I

Matthias Miller  42:46
I saw this very clearly with one of the ladies at the event who had come in there very well. It was actually very instrumental in, or was one of the instruments in helping me break free from kind of wake up to the what I've been ignoring about business, but she loves to give. Her goal is to give, and she's had a hard time making money. But what I saw so clearly, it was like, I mean, this is partially because of the parts work I've been, I've been doing and stuff like that. But it's like, there's, there's this dividedness, like I am, like, I don't know who I am. I don't know what the religious programming is. I don't know what the giving, the making, the but like, to me, it's like there's a beautiful intersection of of year as sales. I mean, you have your own way of selling. You love serving people and you love giving. You're generous. Like, how do you like? What does it look like for you to

Matthias Miller  44:02
for all of these pieces to come together beautifully into mosaic like do we have to say that I

Unknown Speaker  44:24
dang

Speaker 2  44:28
all comes down to money. And typical economics would tell you that money developed from the barter system. Okay? It was just easier. Instead of, I have a pig and I need shoes, and you have shoes, so how many shoes can I trade for a pig? Right? That's the Adam Smith. Economics, very beginning, yep, the lonely Scotsman, yeah, methodology, and it's not true,

Unknown Speaker  45:12
currency,

Speaker 2  45:15
what is a foundational part of the created order? It's a fabrication. We were meant simply to use our gifts and talents in unison with everybody else, and everybody's needs would be taken care of. That's how we it was designed.

Matthias Miller  45:43
I mean, the it's the African culture, it's the African culture. So I told you, I got to hear, are you familiar with West Stafford, yeah, yeah. So I did, I tell you, tell you I got to meet him. I don't think so, and I got to hear him speak, no, I don't think so. He has a rule for leaders. If you're not crying within 30 seconds of you talking about what it is that you're leading, you're not qualified to be a leader, right? But he told he talked about the hell that they put their teachers through. Because what do you do in Africa? You You have each other's back, have to the worst thing you can do is give him two pieces of candy, because he doesn't have one for all of his friends, right? So either give him one, or give him none, or give him enough for him and his friends and and it's mind blowing to him. It was, it was, it was mind blowing to

Matthias Miller  47:08
Well anyway, so I lost my train of thought. But like in school, what do you do? Well, of course, you would give your friends answers like, that's so obvious, right?

Speaker 2  47:25
Collaborative learning, but once we set up competition, then cheating comes into it, because I have to compete against this person, and I can't not get the score, because then I'll be less than it's not collaboration, it's competition. And the the economic system that God set up is all about collaboration, is all about union. But we as human beings want competition, because if I'm better than you, then I'm safer than you.

Unknown Speaker  48:18
So then

Matthias Miller  48:21
maybe talk to me about this whole idea of, let's say, with Melvin, about people just giving him money, and clients just coming to him like, I mean, isn't, isn't there a question? I don't even know. No, it's

Matthias Miller  48:52
the challenge in the western world is there is the number of truly collaborative I've got so many questions and thoughts, the number of truly collaborative communities like that are almost nil. And furthermore, there's socialism, which is a distorted view, but socialism is a I'm taking Okay, so capitalism is fundamentally I'm profiting off of you. Socialism is also fundamentally I'm profiting off you, and I'm not contributing my gifts and talents, but I want you to take care of me.

Speaker 2  49:48
The motivation with socialism is that it's coerced. It's not out of a desire for unity. It's a. Forced unity, and we fool ourselves, and we think this socialist utopia can work because human beings are inevitably egocentric. So somebody's going to seek to be at the top of that system, and they're going to benefit disproportionately from everybody else.

Matthias Miller  50:28
So what is the key for people who are looking to live not egocentrically, not to be taken advantage by

Unknown Speaker  50:38
the egocentric

Speaker 2  50:40
predicate? For me, the key is, I want to know you as a person, not as a function of what you can do. For me, this is why most marriages, 53 54% and then divorce, because both people come in coming they come into it believing that this person can do this for me, very rarely is it about I want to know this person, who this person is, and spend the rest of my life knowing who this person is. I

Matthias Miller  51:23
well, and it's kind of that removing your dependency your end Well, I mean, yeah, I guess I don't know how to you've got better words, I'm sure. But removing your dependency on somebody else would actually lengthen the relationship.

Unknown Speaker  51:38
Yeah. I But

Matthias Miller  51:43
this is also true in consulting, yes, the needier you have you are. It's true in sales,

Speaker 2  51:51
yep, the more manipulative you'll be, the more

Matthias Miller  51:56
manipulative you'll be. And, I mean, there's a term called sales breath. And the more you have that, and the more you scare people away, because they can set the manipulation, unless they themselves are manipulative, and then they're gonna, then you have an ego match, yeah? And you're gonna see who can win and be careful with because ultimately, it's not about ultimately, it's gonna end up being who has the bigger stick,

Speaker 2  52:17
yes, who can dominate by whatever metric, intellectually, financially, emotionally, whatever the case may be, who can dominate? Can I? Can I wiggle you into a position where you I can? I paint you into a corner where you have no choice but to give me what I want,

Unknown Speaker  52:37
right

Matthias Miller  52:41
and make it all be your fault, not mine. Yes.

Speaker 2  52:59
So what does it take have a collaborative community vulnerability honesty and the willingness to take pain to suffer.

Speaker 1  53:22
You. Think

Speaker 2  53:36
we talked about this a little bit yesterday, all these paradoxes that when you go deeper into investigating life, these paradoxes pop up, and then we look at it, we go, what do I do with that? Well, immediately, as a human being, I want to solve that paradox, because that's what would make me feel safe, if I can solve that paradox, right? And I believe the truly holy and sacred thing is to not solve the paradox, right, but to live within it.

Unknown Speaker  54:19
Yeah. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  54:32
could we take a quick two minute break? Yes? Please?

Unknown Speaker  57:01
you're muted.

Speaker 2  57:05
Yeah, so how do we live in that tension of this is a paradox, and I don't understand it right, and resist the impulse to come to some sort of quick solution,

Speaker 2  57:28
rather than develop wisdom and strength, from being present to it, from doubting, from thinking, from conversations, from processing

Unknown Speaker  57:40
over time.

Matthias Miller  57:45
So what does it look like for you that? I mean, if money is a construct,

Matthias Miller  58:02
what is the proper way to engage with with that from your perspective?

Speaker 2  58:09
Great question. Well, I think within our society, the narrative has become primarily about fairness, right? And what do we mean by fairness? Actually, in my experience, what we mean by fairness is when somebody says that's not fair, what they're really saying is, I didn't get what I wanted. I

Unknown Speaker  58:46
ie claim, yeah. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  58:52
I gave you a lot,

Unknown Speaker  58:54
yeah, right. So

Speaker 2  58:56
for me, what that looks like is I have to completely divorce myself from the idea of fairness.

Speaker 2  59:12
And Jordan Peterson talks about this a lot. It really resonates with me when we're talking about equity and that kind of stuff. He says, equal. Access to opportunity, yes, equal outcome, no.

Matthias Miller  59:34
Okay, so I didn't really intend this as a well anyway, whatever um, we'd ever

Speaker 2  59:41
intend for any of these conversations to go the direction they do.

Matthias Miller  59:45
Fair enough. One of my friends, though I've said for a while, okay, Melvin. Melvin tells me has told me something about i. Poverty thinking. And, you know, I don't know this is kind of the direction in which it was I started up to that point, there's a lot of good stuff, and this one, I was just kind of scratching my head, and then I started realizing I

Unknown Speaker  1:00:28
uh, how, uh, well,

Matthias Miller  1:00:29
sorry, um, I said I struggled with pricing, and then Stephanie kind of countered that, and she's like, you've you're not scared to charge people a lot. And I don't know whether that's good or bad. Maybe it's the environments I've been in. I don't try to but, but usually, you know if a lot of steals, for sure, it's been a point of contention with me and my brother, although he's come back to me and said that he probably needs to be charging more.

Speaker 1  1:01:02
Um, but

Matthias Miller  1:01:06
then, you know, in all my self doubt around pricing, I was texting a friend of mine, yeah, and he came back with the pricing, with the happy pricing model, and stopped trying to have, I mean, yeah, you can have whatever prices you assign whatever right? But it gave me a lot of freedom to pursue happy pricing. So obviously, if you can't, if this is, I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:44
like if

Matthias Miller  1:01:48
the value that you perceive out of this engagement, preferably going into it, not on the other end, because people's perspectives change, assuming I can actually deliver on what you Want. If, if if the value that you're willing to present is is correlates with what I'm receiving for whatever reason, then let's do that.

Speaker 2  1:02:17
Well, think about foundational principles there for something to be truly healthy, it has to be value for value. Yeah, has to be value for value. And how do you determine value? It's based on the perception of the individual.

Speaker 3  1:02:41
Well, I mean, I think that's exactly right,

Speaker 2  1:02:46
because I could perceive my value as every hour session, $1,000 I could perceive that as my value. Now, how many people am I going to get? And what type of people am I going to get for that $1,000 an hour valuation? I don't know, because it could get very ego driven. I'm worth $1,000 an hour, or I'm worth $25 an hour. But the messy thing there is, you can't put a monetary value on your yourself, and so inevitably, there becomes this ego dance within it. So doesn't somebody have to drop the ego at some point and disconnect my value from what you pay me,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:00
or

Matthias Miller  1:04:02
my value of what I pay you, right,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:05
right?

Speaker 2  1:04:10
So this happens to me all the time. People say, hey, like I this is what I can afford right now. Okay, no problem. And they always say this, I'll revisit it when I'm in a better financial situation. Over my 30 years of doing this, I have heard that promise more times than I can count. Now in practical experience, how many, let's say there was 1000 people that that made that statement. How many people do you think actually came back and revisited

Matthias Miller  1:04:46
it? Probably can count them on one hand,

Speaker 2  1:04:48
I don't know five in the entirety of my career.

Matthias Miller  1:04:56
Oh, but Kevin, you just don't know how to close and how to overcome the objection.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:02
I don't know how to manipulate. Oh, poor Kevin.

Matthias Miller  1:05:07
Kevin needs to take one of those manipulation trainings.

Speaker 2  1:05:12
But what I have seen over time, and this has happened innumerable times, where we start off and they're not sure of the valuation. And then we work together for a significant period of time, and then they start paying me more without me ever having to ask for it. That has happened innumerable times to me, that is a that's what God has always led me to do, right? And I've never had to go without anything that I needed is always taking care of me. So you have to bring this faith into something greater than yourself into the equation. Otherwise it's just shadow on shadow. It's just ego on ego. So I have to take the hit. So it may mean that I work for a year for somebody or $25 a session, because my value is not in the money they give me. My value is in walking with them through the process of them coming to love themselves, to love God and to love others. That's my value. That's the foundational element we talked about yesterday. The foundation has to be love, right? And there has to be the empathy, the me too, and there has to be I believe in you, without A concern of what I get out of it. I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:27
It has to be.

Speaker 2  1:07:41
Jesus never once took up an offering.

Speaker 2  1:07:50
People just came and gave him stuff and wanted to support what he was doing and partnered with him.

Matthias Miller  1:08:01
He also asked them for things, I don't know, asked, but that didn't really, didn't cost him anything. He stayed at their house, and, yeah, feeding him, I'm sure, cost him some, cost him something. But the difference between paying for a meal and paying for a building are fairly substantial,

Speaker 2  1:08:26
investing in a person versus investing in a framework. We took the dog down to the beach on Sunday morning, and I used to work down in that area, and I was associated with the church. Hadn't driven by it in years. Drove by it, and it is just a beautiful edifice. They have the chapel out front, which is for weddings, and, you know, all that kind of stuff. They have the flashy, big building, you know, all that kind of stuff. And I know from the inside that they went into severe debt for that, and they did fundraising campaigns and did it all that kind of stuff to pay for this. The value was we can create this shiny city on a hill, and it'll attract people. Yeah, have a massive problem with that. If who you are isn't attracting people,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:40
maybe for something wrong. Well, I mean, there's, gracious,

Matthias Miller  1:09:54
No, I've never been around anybody who's in the business of polishing turds like i.

Speaker 2  1:10:11
Yeah, we're consistently just putting lipstick on a pig and trying To convince people that it's beautiful. I

Unknown Speaker  1:10:36
ridiculous.

Matthias Miller  1:10:42
Okay, so practically I'm

Matthias Miller  1:11:15
like, I've been playing around with this idea, okay, I have this great case city with a client, playing around with the idea of, well, I'm not sure what well, but I think like that. Well, I've been playing around with the idea of a mastermind like, go build groups of people, get a few pods of 12 or Whatever.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:40
And

Matthias Miller  1:11:47
but then now I'm back into the

Matthias Miller  1:12:02
I'm not sure that I want to deliver what gave them that result,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:16
and I could go with a much

Unknown Speaker  1:12:18
harder sell

Unknown Speaker  1:12:22
with which is

Matthias Miller  1:12:30
how I did that is the easy part, and you can go find somebody to do that. But

Unknown Speaker  1:12:38
who are you becoming

Speaker 2  1:12:42
the hardest. So is the truth,

Speaker 2  1:12:51
it's the hardest. So remember in the very beginning, when we started talking about this, something that we talked about which resonated deeply was, what if we could work 12 days a month? Simplicity, organic faith, obedience, you and I have worked too much for too little for too long. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:13:32
well, and as I'm pruning stuff off and realizing

Unknown Speaker  1:13:34
how doable

Matthias Miller  1:13:39
it was a lot more difficult when I was carrying all this dead weight, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:13:45
And there's pain in the pruning,

Matthias Miller  1:13:48
there is pain in the pruning, but it's a wake up. But then this is it's exactly that kind of thing that allows organic things to evolve. Like, if I would be nose to the grindstone, I wouldn't have the opportunity to be exploring business engagements, partnership style, things, and all of that is, like, harmless, you know, kind of the surface harmless as those kind of thing. Like, okay, I'm not going to get ripped off, but we're still going to find where there's mutual value and whatever, decide if I can do it or not, you know, whatever, but, but you can't have that those types of spaces, or you can't even have these conversations. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:14:40
when you're

Unknown Speaker  1:14:47
you can't really have what matters

Unknown Speaker  1:14:49
when you're working back to the wall you.

Speaker 2  1:15:00
There's just a consistent pattern of jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire.

Speaker 2  1:15:11
Maybe I do that enough and I become a fire Walker. What effect does that have on me, and what effect does that have on everybody around me?

Speaker 1  1:15:34
Is it necessary to have to be that way? No, it's

Unknown Speaker  1:15:41
not. It doesn't.

Speaker 1  1:15:51
But on that note,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:54
I have to jump into the shower to run my day.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:00
Good chatting. Kevin,

Speaker 2  1:16:01
yeah, what if we, what if, like, we could set a goal, you know, for ourselves, like over the next week. Let's refine that. That message kind of go. We can go back and forth via email, that kind of thing, and just make it a goal to get that out to those, those people who have access to that. And let's just see what interest is. Yep, I like it, awesome. Love it. It's good, all right, my friend, I'll talk to you soon. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai