Speaker 1  01:13
Day You Whatever LS thinking it was 330 You just accepted the calendar invite a few minutes ago 10 minutes ago or something I think it was 330 YEAH?

Speaker 1  09:36
You still have access to my Zoom count Zoom account as far as you know.

Unknown Speaker  09:42
So yeah

Speaker 1  09:45
because there's backing up movies I think ink design calls that recorded and recorded and are there that you could move over to Vimeo sometimes

Speaker 1  10:07
Sorry if you've been talking to me I heard you I just realized that my computer was muted okay um so anyway they're five or 676 or seven something that you can move over and I should talk to Ellis Matthias and see if they want to continue to do those recordings as we rarely go back and reference them right we had a few times and it's been helpful then

Speaker 2  10:49
yeah man we doing the team call this afternoon it looks like

Speaker 1  11:02
you may again be part of it. Yeah, it looks like it's just the three of us again

Speaker 1  11:13
I could go either way with a maybe I'll message send a text three is usually the minimum that we'll do it with like if it doesn't work for me only works for two then we won't do it if it works for three than we sometimes do it so if if you were wanting to head out early or anything like that then I'm fine with skipping it.

Speaker 2  11:40
I'm not necessarily planning on having an early I'm just curious since I'd seen three of us so lastly

Unknown Speaker  11:53
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  13:14
I have the right zoom Lee

Unknown Speaker  13:17
maybe you're right that might have happened last time?

Unknown Speaker  13:54
See

Speaker 3  14:03
Okay, yeah, sorry It got late for me here and I didn't notice so feel free to reach out if you're waiting for me.

Speaker 1  14:12
Well, I think we were productively twiddling our thumbs. Great.

Unknown Speaker  14:19
Fantastic. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  14:24
All right. So let's see.

Unknown Speaker  14:32
Have you heard anything more from Delbert? No. So let's see. Should we should someone be reaching out or should I give him a call?

Speaker 1  15:00
Yeah, I thought usually we would wait. I think usually we would wait a week or two.

Unknown Speaker  15:07
So how long has it been?

Unknown Speaker  15:09
It's been? I think it was last Tuesday. We sent it out. I think it's okay.

Speaker 1  15:19
Sure. With a bigger client like this, I think it could be good to reach out

Unknown Speaker  15:34
let me just make a note

Speaker 1  15:35
for you ls to reach out like, yeah, the personal touch.

Speaker 3  15:40
Yeah, I think too, and just ask if he's got any questions or anything like that. Yeah. Well, let me do that. I think it might be worth doing.

Speaker 1  15:49
I did an interesting note. I was like, cross paths with Jeremy sensenig. Okay, we're members on Saturday at the BMA convention. Yeah. This was here in Lancaster and we were over there for the day on Saturday. And he had a display table for a ministry he's involved with and gave one of the workshops so okay crosswise with him. I wanted to chat for a while and it just didn't work. So shake his hand as I walked by one time. Yeah, but I think calling him up and, and chatting sometime this week to connect a little bit since we had Sure. Yeah. So anyway.

Unknown Speaker  16:38
Where's he based?

Speaker 1  16:41
I think I think Central PA here he's involved are heralds of hope. Got it? Which is here close to close. SBI. Yeah. Yeah. Like, I'm not exactly sure. I think it's a little bit north. A couple hours north of us here, Harrison. Sure. Yep. So I think that's his home area. Interesting. Good. But he'd be part of that. I think part of that core group of okay. Oh, soon because it started there, like Northern Central PA. So, anyway, yeah. Good. Let's see, we'll jump in with some questions for you in the GTK proposal, Ellis? And then go from there with a few other items. So I have I searched and disappear. Oh, right. So first off device types you had proposed we change. Transactional to customer owned. And he was good with that. Because there are times that they want to track devices that the customer has bought. Sure. Yep. elsewhere. So we've got that question about data access began figuration records are currently on the in the Advanced menu, okay. And we'd be adding at least one more at least this configure customer owned subtypes. And he'd be leaning toward having them be admin only. Should we move them to an admin menu? That's admin only? Or should we just make those grayed out for non admin users? Do you have a preference on that?

Unknown Speaker  18:51
Well, we can hide them for non admin users.

Speaker 3  19:00
Configure wiki categories. I mean, yeah, I don't mind hiding them. We'll have to decide, you know, how, what kind of permissioning we use or watch but but yeah, I don't mind hiding them. Or hiding or disabling? It's a bit of a toss up between the two because one lets you know, Hey, you can't do this, but somebody else could. But sometimes it's just as good. If not admins don't know what they can't do. It's a bit of a toss of which ways better actually. I probably lean towards showing them but disabled, because that lets you know, that gives a clear, clear message. Oh, you're not allowed to do this. Rather than maybe you can't or I didn't even know you could. So but I don't feel strongly about it.

Speaker 1  19:53
Sure. Okay. Sounds good. So we'll just Say this my notes here

Speaker 1  20:16
all right, and then are you fine with making all of these other ones admin only as well? The

Unknown Speaker  20:21
same that'd be fine. Yeah

Unknown Speaker  20:32
the options

Speaker 1  20:39
we have a standard forget convention for the spelling of gray.

Speaker 3  20:48
I think America is a why. Okay, I remember looks better if you spell it EY. But I think the spelling is a y. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  21:01
the American spelling is a y.

Speaker 3  21:08
Or it's more common that way. But yeah, they're both acceptable looks like

Speaker 1  21:19
Okay. Great. And then here we have these classic accounting sales item read only record in class, the accounting Unit of Measure record, read only that we were going to be doing with the sync with classic accounting. But we ran the information by him about the the accounting module cost us and he was, he was fine with that he thinks that he still wants to go forward with the new accounting module. Okay. So seriously, we just

Unknown Speaker  22:00
these or

Speaker 3  22:01
I guess, yeah, let's disable I mean, whatever. In it, deactivate them. So

Unknown Speaker  22:20
yeah, that sounds fine.

Speaker 3  22:27
Have you noticed somewhere what we had quoted him on the accounting module stuff?

Speaker 1  22:34
I have notes from from what you had said the other day.

Unknown Speaker  22:38
Perfect. Yeah, we might just want to document that somewhere. So

Speaker 1  22:45
that was a we're getting down to it. Dress so. But it was you had just guestimated? Five to 10k for setup. Yeah. And, and 195 a month? Yeah. Price, there's

Speaker 3  23:07
no, it's just fascinating. Time. Yeah, I mean, if we just keep getting enough people like this, and we'll keep building it out so well. With affordable barns. We'll keep building it out.

Speaker 1  23:19
But yeah, yeah. Yeah, he referenced like, I think he wants some pretty tight integration. Sure. And, like, classy accounting, obviously is cumbersome with integration. Younger, the cumbersome integration we've got or the expensive integration that we had originally proposed. Sure. And he referenced that, you know, they don't go with the opposing accounting that maybe they go with QuickBooks at some point in the future. But I, I think he's, he's one of the clients that he probably one of the few quotes, smaller clients, that would be a good fit for it, because he really likes his data. He likes to do things with his data. And yeah, makes sense. He likes the integration and all of that. So. Yeah. Okay, um, I think, which is a next question here. Some of them overlap. And

Speaker 1  24:22
okay, yeah, we can hit data model stuff a little bit. I just wanted to finish hashing through it a little bit. Okay. We've got, we've got the device model, which we had previously called the printer model, but it's not just printers. Sure. Now, obviously, device here is a little bit a little bit inaccurate, too, because the email accounts aren't sure. Right. Not quite sure what the better term would be. But the device model that is probably either it's either a SKU or a sales item or a custom configuration record. And then the device record, which is probably the custom record type. Try it pay out invoices and same with the we call this now the managed service agreement record? Is it? Is it fine to be tying out multiple different records as line items on invoices?

Speaker 3  25:24
We can we'll need to dis we'll probably need to do is add multiple custom hidden fields. And then we have a we could even have a helper list that combines them all or, you know, there might be different ways to do it. So

Speaker 1  25:44
yeah, sure. Now, as we did work, this was from this morning, I think. And as we're working on a call with him, I think most of what's going to be tied out on the minister's agreement record is actually going to be I think we can actually use sales items, we'd be doing line items like orgies with sales items. Okay, we're skews, whichever we end up using. So we probably won't have to literally tie out details from the service agreement record, we'll probably be able to tie out sales items to the invoice. And so basically the same with the device record, I need to think through that a little bit more. Sure, sure.

Speaker 1  26:38
So I guess this as far as sales item versus SKU versus custom configuration record. I think I think that probably the right, the right option is sales item or SKU, whichever one we end up using, or the model. But we're going to be building out those lists those supply sets where we're linking other sales items to this sales item. Does that get sticky? Data Wise? Or?

Speaker 3  27:14
I don't think so. Yeah, I'm leaning towards sales item as a light weight solution. I'm Yeah, I'd love to have Matthias poke holes at then. But that's my sense.

Unknown Speaker  27:29
Okay. All right.

Unknown Speaker  27:50
Okay.

Speaker 1  27:59
Face record then looking at the device ID and device description, we were planning as planning on using a device ID and auto number as a unique, unique identifier. However, in talking with the client today, description looks like it may be could be the unique identifier, but it's one of the this is a little bit of a different angle and on this and some so just wanting to get your thoughts about the ID

Speaker 3  28:35
I think I want to have a numeric I mean, know what we can make. So he doesn't really know it. But I do I think I believe in a numeric identifier for for devices. And we can make description unique or whatever. But yeah, I think that's my preference. Okay.

Speaker 1  28:59
Sounds good. So keep that as a unique identifier and description of the Yep. Okay. Then. And actually, I guess it's dig into that a little bit. Do you see that as what was what's the reason for that? So I kind of have it in mind for sure.

Speaker 3  29:23
Um, because there isn't. Okay, I really like a list ID when it's super clear that there is a very, very clear identifier, you know, the name of a state has pretty clearly a unique string for each one. The here well, and we have gotten a little bit more nervous about large lists recently. We've had some trouble with large lists. So if if, if I don't have it Not just crystal clear, oh, this is clearly a list, like sales items feels like clearly a list. And this is all I mean, you could argue that even there but and and as clearly a list is over or we think we may have a lot of items, or then I then I start leaning towards numeric IDs. So because on this one here, we can have build a string, that is a nice description that's unique. But it's not like that's inherently the magic string that is just the perfect ID for this thing that we would never want anything else.

Speaker 1  30:45
Right. So does anyone be changing? It could Yeah, one thing that I noticed there's like, and we'll see that down here with with the IDs or with the device, Id it that number changes if it changes the device changes hands. Sure. So yeah. Okay, so on that topic, then the device ID recalling the MPs ID and we were planning for this to just be a an ID for the managed devices. Okay, but on a holiday, he was thinking that he would actually like it to apply to all devices. Okay. So they haven't we have a common style of of identifier across all devices. So not just managed, we call it device ID instead of MPs ID. And to distinguish them, we can maybe prefix managed with M and customer owned with C short and or have a separate sequence the client mentioned a separate separate numbering sequence like starting with a different digit. What are your thoughts on on all of that?

Speaker 3  32:10
Okay, and are they going to get? Will a device keep getting a new ID as its as its moves from client to client?

Speaker 1  32:17
Yes. So anytime it changes hands to, to new client, new customer, we get a new ID

Speaker 3  32:41
are these IDs visible to the client or not? To the end user?

Speaker 1  32:45
Yes, yeah, they wouldn't be you visible as this is your burgers? Or whatever? Yeah,

Speaker 3  32:54
how many digits does he think? How many digits is he thinking?

Speaker 1  33:00
Ben Do you remember that one? I would say it would have said he was they were in like the seven hundreds but I could be way off he might not have said

Speaker 2  33:14
I don't I don't remember him saying a specific number. But sure.

Speaker 1  33:19
Like I don't think they're super high on the Manage side because they they sell more than they should manage Sure. They do think they would sell I mean it would get would go up for like faster for right

Speaker 3  33:53
I mean, okay, so a simple way to do it would be to have a I'm trying to think if I like having

Speaker 3  34:15
if they have any preference on the prefix or not, I don't know that I necessarily do.

Speaker 3  34:45
I think it's kind of up to him. Whether we use the MRC prefix, and then you could either I mean part of it is what does he want the customer to see?

Unknown Speaker  34:58
So

Speaker 3  35:06
Now see, the other thing you could consider doing is to to use like a, you know, like a T k or something for thinking or TIA, you know, ti sounds like Texas Instrument the because of the client is seeing it, you know, this is this is ti 1190 1101 ti 1102 R TK. But you can also just do and I mean, now the nice thing about having a prefix is that if he's saying, I mean, whenever you see it, you realize, oh, this is about thinking it's not some other kind of ID or something. Although on the other hand, we could just have the number and then, you know, when he prints a label or yeah

Speaker 3  36:04
i do i do like visually distinguishing the manage one's from the other, whether it's by the numbering sequence or, or otherwise, I don't think I've got a strong preference. Either one would be fine. Okay, so if you do, I mean, one thing to think about is think about growth. I mean, will he sell? You know, does the 700 included is a 700. He's sold 700 printers total? Or he's so he's currently managing 700 Or has managed 700?

Speaker 1  36:39
Whatever that mean, whatever the number would be, would be just the ones that he's managing or at it. Okay, man, it's in the past? Are you sure

Speaker 3  36:49
that I would think about some, I mean, one possibility would be to have four digits for the Manage ones that would let them manage 10x What he's already managed, and then five digits for the for the other ones, but maybe started at say, 20 or 30,000. So that There's just plenty of room for growth on the Manage side of things.

Unknown Speaker  37:18
How do you what do you think about that?

Speaker 1  37:21
Right, so that it would start at at that number two, so there wouldn't be overlap.

Speaker 3  37:27
So yeah, there's no risk of him, man, you know, I mean, managing 20,000 printer contracts is quite a lot. I mean.

Unknown Speaker  37:39
Yeah,

Speaker 3  37:40
because if he's at 700, then 10,000 is just over 10x of what he's done so far, which now he might he could choose a different it's not like we could never even change our base point. But, you know, add a one zero at the beginning and then jump up to 10 You know, 100,000 for the Manage ones or something. But if you leave gaps, it just makes it nicer.

Unknown Speaker  38:04
Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  38:15
Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 3  38:19
Anyway, those are some thoughts. If y'all come up back with a different suggestion, I don't think of mine too much. So.

Speaker 1  38:26
Okay. Sounds good. And then thinking about managing manage printers versus customer owned, there was a new a new wrench, or new Yep, thing in the mix here today. He said that there are sometimes printers that a customer owns, but that they manage Okay, so it's an in between like So customer own is a purely customer and printer is it's my printer and I just buy supplies, I'm thinking and purely managed is it's thinkings printer and I pay them so much per month per page, whatever to use it. And then in between is it's my printer but they they provide the ink toner and service. I'm sure on it. But if it if it breaks or if something happens, it's still my printer that I'm responsible for. Sure. So that's actually a separate whole nother category that wasn't on our radar. You had mentioned the other day the idea of a managed checkbox rather than our our idea of a drop list of record toe device types. And I think that's going to be the way to go now is Have a managed checkbox we probably still have three three types customer owned Managed Printer and managed other and then the Manage checkbox would be filled for those last two default will probably read only and then it could be manually set checked or unchecked for customer owned approach or something else that would be

Speaker 3  40:31
what was a little bit confusing as you're using the term managed in two different ways because when the drop that drop down says Manage printer we actually mean thinking owned printer and I mean in some ways I would almost prefer an owner drop list and a managed checkbox

Unknown Speaker  41:06
so

Speaker 3  41:15
so or maybe it's a type is customer fringer Thinking printer thinking service or thinking other and then the man is checkbox would be grayed out and read only on the on the to thinking options and would be optional on the customer owned. But I'd like to I'd like to keep the word managed out of the drop list if we're going to have a separate managed checkbox because it will we're gonna developers will get confused about what does manage me and then they'll go they're gonna start using the wrong one or or you put four items in the drop list I don't mind that either that's not a bad option customer customer owned you know that's the rule and self managed customer owned you know ti managed and then thinking managed well whatever you come up with the four terms we will care that

Unknown Speaker  42:20
much about it

Speaker 3  42:41
so will other also include both devices and services

Unknown Speaker  42:49
yes

Unknown Speaker  43:03
so

Unknown Speaker  43:06
we'd have three options we have these three as types then

Unknown Speaker  43:17
an a managed checkbox

Speaker 1  43:25
and then here would be the four types yeah yeah

Unknown Speaker  43:42
do you have a preference personally your perspective

Speaker 3  44:07
slight preference towards the first but if but if it means something to him I don't I don't feel strongly about it.

Unknown Speaker  44:16
Okay

Unknown Speaker  44:23
Okay, sounds good

Speaker 1  44:55
right, okay, this is the accounting thing here where he numbers that we had given him. And do that. So,

Speaker 3  45:06
one step back to where we were on the types? Yes? Are we going to be specifying a sales item or a sales item or something on the device anyway?

Unknown Speaker  45:20
So a model.

Speaker 3  45:24
So we could whether it's a printer or other, you could almost infer

Speaker 3  45:34
the, I don't know how much I care, we'll just have to make sure they stay in sync. It's really just two questions. What is the sales item? Is and is it owned by the customer? Or thinking? And then is it managed by the customer thinking? That's almost a option C? In order to infer the type from the sales item?

Speaker 1  46:04
You're saying that the sales item would be two lists parallel lists of sales items?

Speaker 3  46:12
No, I mean, the sales item, I'll know whether it's a printer or not right? Or the mommy or there are models list in the sales items or somewhere else.

Speaker 1  46:24
That's, that's what we're hitting up here. As far as right. Back question. Probably, yes, probably sales items. Okay.

Speaker 3  46:40
So if you're on a device, or if you're on a device, and the device model really tells us whether this is a printer or not. Not that I mean? Because Weren't we weren't choosing where was the device? Or working on this? Where were you having these three options? A and B that we were just defining out? Was that that on the on the on the device record?

Unknown Speaker  47:05
That was on the device record? Yeah.

Speaker 3  47:10
So so the device has to know there's a printer. And so so in some ways, well, whatever is most intuitive for him, because if we want to be redundant, that this is a printer, we'll just validate that you don't say that it's a that the type is man is Ti printer if it's not a you know, if it's not, if it's not a printer?

Unknown Speaker  47:42
Sure. Sure.

Speaker 1  47:50
Yeah, so yeah, that would so you're you're suggesting we put a like a printer checkbox on the device on the model that specify and I think that would actually be good because that would tell us whether we we include some of this printer specific stuff. Sure. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  48:31
Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 3  48:34
And we talk generically about printer, but I also think I mean, it probably also includes, I mean, does he do any copier straight up copiers and or function machines?

Speaker 3  48:51
I mean, the fancier printers are multifunction machines.

Speaker 1  48:55
Yeah. And he still does refer to those as printers. Sure.

Speaker 3  48:59
does. He does he do any? And if he has a straight up copier he would still just call it a friend. I mean, maybe he doesn't have those or he calls

Speaker 1  49:05
them a printer has any of those but probably we just call them printers to fine fine. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  49:14
Yeah. Okay, so okay, yes, looking at accounting. I'll just probably put this into a into another section that talks about adding the accounting and you can work on that.

Speaker 1  49:57
Right Are there any other next steps that we should take on the on that accounting side? Right away if I get to phase four thing we work on this?

Speaker 3  50:13
Yeah, I agree with that. No, not necessarily. As we push forward with with insight, we'll have a better we'll have more clarity on how we're going to do that.

Unknown Speaker  50:25
So. Okay.

Speaker 1  50:36
And the secrets anything else? This is okay. We had talked about that the other day. So that's something else right now.

Unknown Speaker  50:51
Just a few here.

Speaker 1  50:55
So this is on the agreement, okay. Previously called the asset group, or NPS agreement. So manage service agreement is what we're calling it now. And then the billing group is the devices, the group of devices that are included on the manager of service agreement. Okay. So this is a, it's usually a 12 month agreement or 12 month contract that they do. And then at the end of 12 months, they normally would renew it, they actually automatically auto renew it shortly, unless the customer cancels, I think. So he was wondering some about do we do we create a new agreement each time it renews? Or do we just put a renewal on the customer's agreement record and, and renew? renew it there? And just have the agreement be perpetual? For the customer? Sure. Now, there's other edits that happen to it as well as add devices remove devices, like tweet prices, they'll to adjust the plan, they'll go from the silver plan to the gold plan or Ryan's like,

Speaker 3  52:19
yeah, yeah, I would be inclined just to keep the same agreement, I think that'll be easiest to manage. So okay.

Speaker 1  52:48
Good thing that we have all the experience under our belts from the CWA and cinders on how to renew things, right.

Speaker 3  53:03
Wonder if there's wonder if it's, well, it'd be interesting to see what the level what level of complexity we'll end up dealing with fear if it's the same? Or if it's different, or?

Speaker 1  53:13
Yeah, there are aspects of this that remind me of the the CWA coverage renewals?

Speaker 3  53:25
Does he need to do a new? Does he need to have them sign again or just auto renews?

Unknown Speaker  53:31
I just auto renews my underscore Yeah. So

Unknown Speaker  53:43
do they pay monthly or annually? How do they pay?

Speaker 1  53:47
They pay monthly or? Well? Sure. Let's see. How does it work? They their base charges are monthly, I think and page counts are quarterly. And then there's also an option for prepaid where they pay for a whole year of the base charge and get a 5% discount, I think is how to the other few different timetables for that. And then normally, if you know if I would set up a new agreement. Like all the agreements, renew the same date. I think it's I don't think it's with a calendar year. I think it's with a fiscal year, some sort. So if I, whatever if I set up a new agreement three months before the end of the year, my agreement is only for three months and then it renewed sure a year

Speaker 3  54:53
and what is the meaning of actually having a renewal period. Once it renews I can't cancel during that period or what does didn't even mean to have a renew, or prices change at the renewal time. Or?

Speaker 1  55:09
Yeah, Ben, feel free to chime in here. I think. I think both Why not both. I think prices will change sometimes at the renewal point. And then also it. It gives a benchmark for the prepaying. And that there's another reason would be another reason or so. But you're wondering, what's the advantage? Well, just going month to month?

Speaker 3  55:44
Yeah, so it does sound like there is an option for prepay. Is that right? A, there are pricing, those are the two most reasonable. That's exactly what we do with App hosting. It's it's those two reasons One is, well, there's three. Well, those are the two reasons One is prepay. And the other one is, yeah, price changes. So anyway, I would I think once we get to that point, I might see if we can do something simpler than what we've done with with I mean.

Speaker 3  56:33
Yeah, I think I would look at some whether there's any way to do it a little bit simpler than we did with leaverland. But that's the generally right approach. So

Speaker 1  56:48
and they haven't had a note there. We're running out of time here. But to move on to next call, we can dig into it more, as far as keeping a historical record so they can print a PDF, for sure. Revision point.

Unknown Speaker  57:05
Yeah, makes sense.

Speaker 1  57:07
Yeah. Question about the two we have customer for the agreement. And then you had a customer link. Do you have a preference between the link versus just ellipses? Button?

Speaker 3  57:23
No. customer details screen? I'd say whatever they prefer. Okay.

Speaker 1  57:30
If it's something where they're something like sim is where you have lots of people using it. And link is better. Here it's Yeah. Okay. And.

Unknown Speaker  57:58
Same question down there. And I think that covers

Speaker 1  58:09
Yeah. Okay, well, then we'll plan to dig into this renewals thing. Next time. Okay, we have a little bit more and more time. And then, just to see here, another quick question, I saw that John with the TD asked about to have time for a call to discuss. Yeah,

Speaker 3  58:34
I've been on the phone since six this morning. So the answer so far has been no. So

Speaker 1  58:40
yeah, I was just wondering, should we should we schedule a call?

Speaker 3  58:46
I'll just call him up sometime. And see if I can read if available. Okay. All right. Or, or if you want to just just reach out to him and say, or Alice will reach out to you.

Unknown Speaker  59:03
So yeah, I've

Speaker 3  59:04
I'm pretty aggressively booked for meetings here this week. So but I'll see if I can find a slot where I can try to reach out.

Speaker 1  59:11
Okay, sounds good. Yeah, we can I can I'll let you know if I if I reach him so okeydoke other things. Seeing that covers, I mean, there's other things, but not necessarily. Sure need to hit now especially if you're restricted on time and I've got plenty of other stuff to work on too. So that sounds fair to discuss on Thursday. Okay.

Speaker 3  59:50
I guess you might want to leave the ZTE one a bit unchecked if you want to. I don't mind if you do that at least so.

Speaker 1  59:54
Okay, yeah, at least we've talked about but I'll put it up here again. Sure. Okay. discussion next week.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:02
Okeydoke. Nice to see you all. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:05
Yeah, thank you. Yep.

Speaker 1  1:00:16
Okay, anything that you want to talk about before we we drop?

Unknown Speaker  1:00:21
I don't think so.

Speaker 1  1:00:29
I'll give any questions and I plan to talk tomorrow then. Yes, yeah. So you said you accepted those working sessions. I would decide to go ahead and put in GTK time tomorrow to get us more working time before Thursday call. Yeah. And then both the FP call out to the end of the week.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:53
Yeah. Work, Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:59
Sounds good. Cool, too.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai