Unknown Speaker  00:00
constantly trying

Matthias Miller  00:04
to work that through. So curious to hear one of the one of the biggest things we're looking for is what are some of the big challenges that people that

Matthias Miller  00:18
especially directors, but nonprofits as, as an organization, that they that they face, what's kind of the

Unknown Speaker  00:25
Achilles heel, I suppose, finances, finances,

Speaker 1  00:30
finding resources that are going to support you financially help you financially for us, we do build Medicare, Medicaid, we can build some private insurances that being

Speaker 1  00:44
hospice. A lot of private insurances don't have a hospice benefit, per se, Medicare does pay 100% of a hospice benefit. However, if they are not old enough to have Medicare, if they don't need Medicaid, then generally, we have to take them on as free patients. And we do and the way that we do that is we ask the community for donations, we

Speaker 1  01:15
get Memorial donations from people that have already been on our services, you know, they put in their little obituary, and little flowers, donate to hospice, and so we do get some funds that way. But that's probably our main issue. You know, we try to provide for our patient care, and we don't want to take away from our patient care. So finding resources to, you know, for other things, we've been very fortunate with our founders, they saved money like crazy. And so we had the building that we own right now is 100% paid for we own it out, right.

Speaker 1  01:57
So with that types of thing, we've been really fortunate, we do have a fairly good balance sheet, but

Speaker 1  02:07
we hate to dip into those savings to operate. Normally, if we have patient if our patient census drops down below 14, we're dipping into our savings savings. So finances is the resources that's probably a big one

Speaker 1  02:27
makes I mean, yeah. Make sense? So. So you have

Unknown Speaker  02:34
to have some who pay

Speaker 1  02:36
you have. So at the I guess the 14 price point what what purse

Matthias Miller  02:42
for each one that doesn't, that isn't able to pay? Are you able to carry that with with a large enough census? Yes, yeah. And like, what's the number, numeric ratio? Like, how many paying you need to compensate for the

Speaker 1  02:57
you have to have at least 15 paying full time patients?

Unknown Speaker  03:06
And then that covers all of you. I mean, that's,

Speaker 1  03:09
that covers overhead, and then we can usually take on one to two non paying. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  03:18
so is the

Unknown Speaker  03:22
is the challenge, then,

Matthias Miller  03:25
I mean, you can approach this from two angles. One angle is how do we secure more donations

Matthias Miller  03:32
in case the census drops, right? Or the other question is, how do we

Speaker 1  03:41
mean? Yeah, let's face it, even as a nonprofit, you're in a competitive space you're competing for,

Unknown Speaker  03:47
for your patience.

Speaker 1  03:52
There's also kind of a almost like a marketing angle that you can take to it. So

Speaker 1  03:56
with it being hospice, that's kind of a touchy subject to like marketing, how do you market hospice, how do you get out there and ask people to support a hospice or to donate a hot to hospice and

Speaker 1  04:12
you know, how do you tactfully market death and dying? So,

Unknown Speaker  04:21
not necessarily nonprofit

Unknown Speaker  04:26
struggle, more hospice struggle? Have a Mark Yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:29
that makes I mean, it makes it makes a lot. I mean, it makes sense, because on one hand, and like, tell me if this is articulating the problem correctly, but on one hand, it's really marketable because it's such an emotional hot button. Yes. On the other hand, you don't want to take advantage of that. Yes. And, and you don't, I mean, even worse than that, if you know, the service you're providing us is fine, and you're doing the marketing and integrity, great, but you don't want people to even get the sense that you're taking advantage of it being

Unknown Speaker  04:58
Yes, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  05:02
that's it. So it's interesting. So

Unknown Speaker  05:09
have you guys tried some things

Speaker 1  05:11
we have, we have myths and misconceptions that we talk about regularly. We have our marketer that we just hired last year, she does some radio spotlights and kind of touches on those what, what is hospice, really about? How do you go about

Speaker 1  05:31
signing up for hospice? What types of things do you need to know about hospice? Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  05:50
so is and the marketing problem. Do you see that as a general? Is that a general hospital problem?

Speaker 1  05:56
I think so, you know, I look around and you don't really see a lot hospices that advertise big, although I will say,

Unknown Speaker  06:07
you know,

Speaker 1  06:11
for instance, Sanger Cristo, they advertise really well, they are also a nonprofit. They're based out of pub low, they've been around a lot longer, they have a lot more resources financially, they're probably have way more financial stability in what we have. We've only been around for since 2006. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  06:36
So I don't know that. It's necessarily

Speaker 1  06:40
all hospices, maybe just small hospices, yeah. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:46
Well, and I mean, that's also not strictly a hospice problem. It's also a market share problem. Yeah, because it's the same problem that all the local coffee shops, you can feel the Starbucks moving in, like, Oh, yeah, I mean, it's once the big gorilla shows up, then. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  07:09
I mean, again, I don't want to I don't want to make assumptions. But it sounds like that's another angle of the problem that you're dealing.

Matthias Miller  07:19
And again, I want to read into this. I don't know how big of a deal it is. Maybe you can speak into that. But it also seems like you have that same kind of issue on the contributor level. So when somebody contributes you, again, end up being can be a kind of a small fish in a big pond. Yes. competing against other people who are much more proficient at soliciting,

Unknown Speaker  07:43
yes. Donors? Yes.

Unknown Speaker  07:56
So if, if you could,

Matthias Miller  08:00
if you could wave a magic wand, and a year from now, the hospice would be like, everything would be going going, right? What would that are, like, not even going, right? Because that in place, you know, everything's falling apart.

Speaker 1  08:14
But if, in the ideal world, what would that look like a year from now,

Speaker 1  08:18
it would look similar to what we have now, we, you know, we don't want to be the big fish, we just want to be comfortable, we want to make sure that we are still able to give our patients the best care. So we don't want to have 60 patients because then it gets overlooked. We want to have small, comfortable census where our patients can get everything that they want. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  09:03
I think as a

Speaker 1  09:07
maybe I'm generalizing this too much. But I think as a nonprofit, you usually do want to be in the field of helping others and giving the best that you can. And I feel like when you get to a point where you have grown so large, you step away from that. So we definitely don't want that.

Speaker 1  09:32
So the point in which you would see growth is kind of a threat

Unknown Speaker  09:36
to our philosophy and our mission. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  09:45
but we are, are there for profit hospices, there

Speaker 1  09:47
are okay. frontier, they're based out of Pablo. But they do visit the Fremont area, they are there for profit. Sure.

Matthias Miller  10:06
Alright, so a year from now, having the best giving the patients the best care,

Unknown Speaker  10:11
not really looking to grow.

Matthias Miller  10:15
But I mean, presumably, if you could actually give that high level of care to twice as many or five times that's not the issue. It's not, I don't want to scale it. I don't want to sacrifice Yes. Caring for the patient. Yes. And,

Matthias Miller  10:35
and so again, jumping back to the biggest. So that's, that's where you are. The reason why it's important is because we are about helping people. Mm hmm. Like, I mean, I'm assuming, I'm assuming this is also fairly This is fairly personal with not just you, but also

Unknown Speaker  10:53
everybody that is on our staff. Absolutely. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:58
And if you want to, if you want to call it this, it's it's Well, I mean, yeah, they're in it for the cars.

Unknown Speaker  11:04
Yes, they are.

Speaker 1  11:06
Give me just a second coming in. And I think they're coming in to talk to me, but they don't need me directly. My going I think the lady coming in needs to sign these papers. And they've already been explained to her PR. Kathy, can you maybe I think,

Speaker 1  11:29
okay, if this church and she needs to sign too, and she gets to keep one.

Unknown Speaker  11:35
Yes.

Speaker 1  11:39
And then this is kind of jumping back? Hopefully not hopefully not repeating it. So then

Matthias Miller  11:50
Actually, no, it is I think this is a fair question. So why why does that care end up being important,

Speaker 1  11:59
I think, think that for everybody that works here. They want to make sure. So one of the things that we say all the time is you only get to die once. And

Unknown Speaker  12:13
so we as a group,

Speaker 1  12:17
I believe I can speak for everybody that works here feels like you only get that chance one time. And we want it to be the best that it can be no matter what that looks like. And it might not be the way we see it. It has to be the way the patients

Unknown Speaker  12:37
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:41
if I can kind of expound on that, too. There's this sense. And I mean, really, there's a sense in which no matter what a person's life has been, like, where you can bring healthy positive closure like you can write the last help, right, the last chapter of

Speaker 1  12:54
the book, yep. Oh, no matter what it looks like. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  13:03
And again,

Matthias Miller  13:03
even apart from from faith, there's a tremendous spiritual element in what you guys are doing. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:15
intriguing. Okay. So

Speaker 1  13:19
even though we're not faith based, we're

Unknown Speaker  13:24
connected somehow,

Unknown Speaker  13:27
we just can't say it.

Speaker 1  13:31
I need to read the Florence called. Thank you so much.

Unknown Speaker  13:35
Sometimes it's most effective when you

Speaker 1  13:39
sometimes the label can actually hurt quick. Yeah, sometimes it's most effective just to

Speaker 1  13:45
go through daily life. Yes, live it well. Yes. completely, completely get that

Matthias Miller  14:00
then. Then again, I mean, hopefully, this is not repeating too much within going back to that. So between having having that ideal, presumably the ideal number, having the excellent care the biggest, the biggest obstacle that you guys have right now, that is, is simply maintaining the census at at the right levels. Is that Yeah,

Speaker 1  14:16
so I guess, with that being said, you know, you asked what it would look like in a year. And even if our census wasn't up, even if we had a low census to be able to find that financial stability

Speaker 1  14:32
to balance patient care, and still being able to give the staff what they need. Also, yeah, whether that means, you know, financially, being able to be competitive with wages or giving them health care, we give that now, but to be able to give better like medical insurance, other benefits like that days off our in our because our CNA is and our nurses definitely need it. Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:11
I have a sister who's an RN. And I think it's ironic, and it's kind of sad that the people who help other people give so much even to their own harm many times. Yes.

Matthias Miller  15:29
So I mean, that's, again, that's a great point, because maintaining sentences a solution for it for a bigger problem, right? And the bigger problem is, is we want to, we want to provide care to the people who need it to care for people who are making that possible. Yes. And whether that's done through having a high enough census, or whether it's done through private donations, our grants grants or whatever, whatever got funding doesn't matter,

Unknown Speaker  15:59
its interest.

Unknown Speaker  16:02
Interesting,

Matthias Miller  16:05
do you guys have any kind of process in Well, let me show you a simple concept. This is this is a kind of a business concept. But it basically says, if you have 1000 people who are willing to spend four bucks for a cup of coffee, then there's going to be, I can't tell you the numbers, but there's gonna be a handful of them that are willing to spend $4,000 to get themselves in, in house espresso machines, so they can make their own coffee, right? And they'll still keep buying those $4 cups of coffee. But you just want that which is why Starbucks sales espresso machines,

Matthias Miller  16:38
there's a similar concept with donors were

Matthias Miller  16:43
well, actually, let me let me back a bit on the customer side. The biggest challenge then is it's not their biggest, you know, the reason they hold back isn't because of financial reasons is because there's not there's no product that they're interested in buying. Like, there's they would spend if there was a product of attorneys or that they wanted

Matthias Miller  17:06
that is, is, I think, a principle of how the world works, that there's, there's always within any kind of pattern, it's the 8020 principle, but there's always this disproportionate

Unknown Speaker  17:23
disproportionately big contributors to

Unknown Speaker  17:26
any any given outcome.

Matthias Miller  17:32
So I said it kind of as a precursor. I've thought about that in the context of donors, because there's

Unknown Speaker  17:40
kind of having seen some of the

Unknown Speaker  17:47
I guess, I'm not quite sure how to turn this into a question. But

Speaker 1  17:53
I guess one of the questions is, have you have you seen that kind of a pattern? And have you

Unknown Speaker  18:02
have you given thought to whether there are

Matthias Miller  18:07
donors who have greater giving potential where,

Speaker 1  18:13
where there's maybe a, I don't know, like a misalignment of,

Matthias Miller  18:21
or maybe not even quite the communication where, what what you guys are doing isn't communicating in a way that resonates with them, like, I don't even understand what I

Speaker 1  18:30
think maybe that where you're going with this and correct me if I'm wrong. So we do

Speaker 1  18:36
we see that people who have had family in hospice would donate anything that they could, whereas if you have not experienced the hospice experience, you don't really want to give to it. Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah, kind of where you were.

Matthias Miller  18:57
I mean, I think that's, I think that's great. I think that's great, great observation. And so one of the, one of the, one of the ways that you pick people out again, one of the things that that you look for, is people to raise their hands this to say, Okay, I might be interested and in in contributing,

Matthias Miller  19:16
and it's being them like, that's the segment of the population that is unusually pretty, just predisposed to

Unknown Speaker  19:24
contributing.

Unknown Speaker  19:28
On the operational side,

Speaker 1  19:36
different people operate different ways. I don't know there's a right or wrong, it's kind of, it kind of depends. Some people focus more on

Speaker 1  19:44
let's increase revenue. And this this case,

Matthias Miller  19:50
census or contributions, other people focus on streamlining the operation, most nonprofits already know how to tighten the belt and like make do with a lot of things.

Matthias Miller  20:07
So it kind of has the best question because I don't I don't know this isn't like a pointing fingers question. But like, how, how do you

Matthias Miller  20:19
let me ask you like this, what what kind of opportunities do you see in terms of operational efficiency? Like, is there

Matthias Miller  20:28
do you see opportunities to kind of streamline that? Or do you feel like you guys are already kind of running on

Unknown Speaker  20:41
so with us,

Speaker 1  20:44
I think that there are ways to streamline some things we do. Because we are Medicare certified. We do have a some standards that we have to do we have to pay for the patient's medications, we have to pay for an RCT have to pay for a CNA. With that being said, Our census drops, our staff drops,

Speaker 1  21:10
our revenue drops, we may not be able to provide lunch for our staff at our monthly meetings. So there are ways for us that we do see that we streamline so when I revenue is up, we do provide extras, whereas when our revenues down, there are things that we pull back, yeah,

Speaker 1  21:33
we never, we never pull back from our patient care, and what we give the patients that we do have to pull back from what we can give our staff

Unknown Speaker  21:41
makes. I mean, it makes complete sense.

Unknown Speaker  21:47
And then how much

Unknown Speaker  21:51
how much involvement in the

Unknown Speaker  21:56
recruiting process is absolutely the wrong terminology. But

Speaker 1  22:02
how much involvement is the staff end up having in terms of referrals? Or I would say, 100%, we,

Speaker 1  22:14
we feel that every referral we get is based on the care that we have previously given. So if our staff wasn't involved in that, and they didn't care about the care that they gave to the patient before them, then we wouldn't get those patients after them. With that being said, they also our staff goes above and beyond they, you know, go to community events, they are a face in the community, they pretty much advertise for us through presence. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  22:50
And it's all of our staff our nurse RCN as everybody. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  22:55
Like they're bought in

Unknown Speaker  22:57
that's Yep.

Unknown Speaker  23:00
So

Matthias Miller  23:02
there's kind of this illustration. If you if you go to the park, and you watch people

Matthias Miller  23:07
at the basketball courts, like there's, you can see them shooting hoops and that kind of thing. And, but then something completely changes when you have a few more people show up. And they organized themselves into teams, and they're keeping score and the difference, it's the difference keeping score is what ends up making the difference between shooting hoops and playing a game. And it's not that it's not even that the end of the day that the score matters, it's just, I think there's something internally inside of us that's

Speaker 1  23:39
were motivated to that by that. Okay, kind of curious, have you guys,

Unknown Speaker  23:45
do you guys have any kind of

Matthias Miller  23:49
scorekeeping or like like this is how many people we've talked to her This is how many events we've gone early,

Speaker 1  23:55
we don't, because so like we've talked in the past about for every person that you sign, every patient that you bring into us, you get this Well, that's Phil's ethically wrong to us. And pretty much everybody on our staff,

Speaker 1  24:17
we feel more like a family. So I don't feel like we keep score. I don't think anybody here has ever felt like we needed to. Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:30
we're pretty small. And really, I think if you ask pretty much anybody here we we do we feel like this is our second family? Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  24:39
I think there's, there's because I've been in situations as well, where I've been in some situations where it's turned out that's been really healthy.

Unknown Speaker  24:50
Where it gets unhealthy is if it's if it ends up

Matthias Miller  24:56
there's expectations that just realistically can't be met. Like, that's really damaging, or when it starts hitting multiple people were not even from I mean that not just with internally, but then also we're feels like it's a war sales should never feel in any context, whether it's nonprofit, whatever, it should never feel like a war between

Speaker 1  25:19
one person and the other. Yes, should always one organization and the other. So one of the things that we find also is our staff is really good about saying, We don't know if we can take this patient. But you might check the other hospices, because we don't care if we get the patient. I mean, we do but we care that the patient gets care. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  26:00
that's been that's

Unknown Speaker  26:02
really helpful.

Unknown Speaker  26:16
Do you have any

Unknown Speaker  26:20
anything from your side that you think would be

Unknown Speaker  26:25
might be interesting or helpful for me to know where

Unknown Speaker  26:32
not that I can think of? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  26:37
this is this is really helpful. I

Matthias Miller  26:45
one of the things that I've wrestled with is that it seems like the people who do the best work are the people who are the most poorly marketed because what do they care about? They care about doing the best work. And unfortunately, in the age that we live in many times, the people who are best marketed are some I mean, sometimes a good work there, they're probably not the best sometimes Unfortunately, they really

Unknown Speaker  27:18
it's just substandard.

Speaker 1  27:20
Yep. They've come up, they've come away from giving the best

Matthias Miller  27:24
giving the best. Yeah, and they present a great image. And they have a fantastic market and they their marketing ends up kind of curing them, unfortunately,

Matthias Miller  27:34
do you think that tension is something that is common

Unknown Speaker  27:40
among nonprofits,

Speaker 1  27:44
I don't, you know, we have so just in this organization, we are not our nonprofit. Then we also have our marketer. She actually is on the board of another nonprofit. And then our board Board of Directors, we have a couple people who have also been on other boards of nonprofits. So I don't know that it's necessarily a competition within the nonprofit. I do see the I don't think that it's necessarily competition but like our marketer, the board that she's on is orchard of hope orchard of hope, kind of aligns with what we do they deal with cancer patients.

Speaker 1  28:29
I do see that in a I don't necessarily think it's nationwide, I think in a small community. When you have a lot of nonprofits who are constantly asking for donations for funds for backing people get bumped out on them. Yeah, they get burnt out on the giving and we're doing so

Unknown Speaker  28:49
I don't mean the let me let me rephrase my question a little bit

Matthias Miller  28:53
was trying to go with I think sometimes there's a little bit of anxiety for people who are actually who are interested in helping people to present themselves in too much of a grandiose light, or to

Unknown Speaker  29:07
order really,

Matthias Miller  29:10
I don't even know how to say this. I think people who help others are often the most some of the most humble people in the world to for them to talk about what they're doing and why what they're doing so much better than videos. Like there's this kind of this internal like,

Speaker 1  29:24
how to be humble about it, but still get the word Hell

Matthias Miller  29:28
yeah, that's right. And, and I am I guess that was kind of the kind of what I was after. Is that kind of that be humbled to get the word out. Is that attention that nonprofits

Unknown Speaker  29:42
face or maybe you don't know, or maybe

Unknown Speaker  29:45
I could see that I can see, you know,

Speaker 1  29:50
I think that's definitely true. Whenever you talk to people that are part of a nonprofit, generally, it is service based, generally it is because they want to do good. So have do they get the word out that they do this good work, but they stay humble. They don't brag. They don't. Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:14
And I think for many of them, just because it's so again, it takes a special kind of person to do this kind of stuff. It's not everybody has that interest. And I think for a lot of them, there's this

Matthias Miller  30:32
Yeah, there's this sense of integrity that they they don't want to drift from.

Unknown Speaker  30:37
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  30:42
good. Yeah.

Speaker 1  30:44
I don't know that. I have much else. Okay, that's

Unknown Speaker  30:48
Yeah, in color email. If you

Unknown Speaker  30:52
come across something else you want to ask? Sounds good. Sounds good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai