Unknown Speaker  01:10
Hey, guys, can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  01:15
Yep, I can hear you. Can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  01:17
Yep. Oh, are we waiting for Dwayne?

Matthias Miller  01:20
Yeah, apparently the Zoom never made it into calendar invites. So

Unknown Speaker  01:26
oh, he never got the invite.

Matthias Miller  01:28
No, you got the invite, but not the Zoom link.

Unknown Speaker  01:30
Oh, okay.

Unknown Speaker  01:32
Just as

Speaker 1  01:35
a side note, I was I was just complaining to my wife that your calendar invitations never seem to contain your zoom? Like, I don't know. Now that I say that. I can't remember if I created this, or have you created this? I don't think it was. Oh, you know, it was okay. What are you

Matthias Miller  01:57
doing? Hey, yep. Just see my day. I took the debris call this morning from my car by the side of the road.

Unknown Speaker  02:12
Oh, boy. Can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  02:18
Yep, I can hear you. Cool. Well, so here's the context. For each of y'all, Jonathan, I have been just kicking around different ideas. And my I don't know if seeing what we pick up. And Dwayne and I have been kicking things around just to see what we can pick up. And so in one of my most recent conversations with Jonathan, we kind of had this interesting thing come to the surface. And I don't know if it's got legs on it or not. But let me let me start a little bit with your potential interest and experience. Why and in this, so we've got a few puzzle pieces. One, Dwayne you and Leanne have a good bit of history in running back office for Amish businesses, and you can slice and dice it more specifically in the shed industry, but and so there's kind of two two specializations that I see that you guys have one is working with the Amish and the other is in the shed industry. Jonathan has gone deep in the Google and in the Google world and has beaten some reputable names in on Facebook as well. And and has had good success in E commerce and some other niches, niches as well. You know, other economic issues aside sheds, which also say was it was a win? So the idea was, what would it look like? Okay, so it seems to me like, Okay, first of all, if you want a business, go find somebody who has some kind of a bleeding neck and is willing to spend money to fix it. And and start with that. So my thought was, so there's a few directions this could go. But what he and I were talking about is surely there are businesses that are mail order or manufacturing or kin good or I don't know what, even possibly dry good types of businesses among the Amish that served the general population that do not have a good way to go on line. And imagine I mean, this needs to be validated. But imagine that one of these businesses would effectively fund website creation, if needed, and fund the build out of an e commerce Store. And Dwayne your team would mean that immediately introduces all kinds of interesting things like perhaps customer service related things. Really related to that, and could probably expand into additional pieces on the heels of that. The big issue is that, or one of the big issues that we just Jonathan and I tried to get our heads together is that it's the very, it's a very complaint, it's your worst complaint against me, is just as true about Jonathan as well, which is we do a really, really horrible job of selling ourselves. And so we were talking about this and the different parts of the piece and the operations and that type of a piece, like the literal hands on deck piece, and how would we persuade people that this is actually a really good idea? And Dwayne, you came to mind?

Unknown Speaker  06:34
So are you calling

Unknown Speaker  06:35
salesperson? Is that what you're calling me?

Matthias Miller  06:38
Yeah, yes, I am. When we are your baseline, I think it's probably true.

Matthias Miller  06:52
So I just wanted to have a short little call here. Basically, everybody's saying hi to each other. And and seeing if this has enough legs that it would actually merit having further conversations about more of this as a, you know, you guys are no, you guys are figuring out a bunch of stuff with where you want to go. And maybe you guys already are dialed in on that. And this is not a fit but

Speaker 2  07:23
figured out where we're going to know Not exactly. It's, I don't know, working working with this artist guys has been unique at best. And I mean, fascinating. I don't know. I mean, it's attractive, I think it would be it'd be really fun to go off and figure out how to build some products in that space. And mark them well build things for like, just, I mean, there's got to be more people agree. I don't have I have a ton to add. So I mean, if you want to, if I'm supposed to be adding something here I'm stumbling over myself stuff.

Matthias Miller  08:21
Well I mean, the the alternative, which I'm not super eager for I don't think you are either. But the alternative is, go find a network of Amish builders, go build a network of Amish builders and build their own front end shed company. Jonathan buying traffic. And we, you and I get our heads together and figure out the sales team and the logistics. And we build our own retail brand. But back it with Amish builders.

Speaker 1  09:05
There is a middle ground on that, which is finding another another game another true point and kind of repeating the process except this time taking full control over the sales situation. And that could potentially be a step to take before building our own brand. If that's what y'all want.

Speaker 2  09:24
Oh, well, I will I will echo that 1,000% Because you cannot generate you can't build a you can't build a race horse of a marketing engine and then you know expect to put it in a in a Honda Civic. It's just you tear transmissions out so. Agreed. So I think if we if you tried to say okay, that was the learning lesson, let's go try it again. Then it really has to be You've got to have, you've got to have a hold of the sales process as well, because I'm sorry, if you're not going to, if you don't have ability to hold sales reps accountable and actually drive the conversation forward or build your, your funnels, etc, etc. Guess what you're at the mercy of whatever is going on over there. And unfortunately, marketing is very easy to blame for things. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:25
Jonathan, have you heard that story before?

Speaker 1  10:26
Yes, it seems very familiar. I just wrote down as a quote, you're at the mercy of whatever's going on over there. I love that.

Speaker 2  10:38
Yeah, I mean, you are, it's like, yeah. I mean, it's like, Sure, you could potentially go off and build, you know, some sales, like you could have potentially build some sales teams. But at the end of the day, these people tend to get really nervous at turning a lot of things over. And so they want to be like, well, I want to, you know, I want I want to do that. But I don't want, you know, getting in whole hog is really, really scary. But at the end of the day, if you don't have control over the entire process, guess what? You're at the mercy of whatever's going on over there.

Speaker 1  11:10
Yep. Yeah. And we all just live through it. The only other thing I'll throw out here, while we're at the beginning stages of this is I have detected that Matthias is not too eager to do the shed industry again. So the way I look at it, I'm very boring. The way I looked at it is we did a really good work for a shed company and drove a lot of leaves, and what failed was kind of like them, and whatever was going on over there in the sales department. And so to me, like the easiest iteration, is to find another shed company, and sort of like, do it again, copy and paste, but do it better this time. Mathias seems to I'm not trying to stick words in his mouth, but seems to have lost interest in the shed industry a little bit. And I think that's why we ended up having the conversation about maybe selling something else that might be furniture might be I don't know what else is common. I know that I know that a lot of Amish and Mennonite communities have a shed business. Furniture appears to be common. I'm assuming there's got to be other things too. I'm just not sure what they are. point being that Matthias thought maybe we should try another industry.

Unknown Speaker  12:26
So let me I've been

Unknown Speaker  12:27
I've been

Matthias Miller  12:32
I'm gonna interject one thing really quickly. And I'm not also not super interested in flying to the shed Expo and having lots of conversations with people. That's the other neither Jonathan and I are which is rather good at doing

Speaker 2  12:47
this story is the story that we just have gone through is like, there's 1000 of these stories out there. I started listening to a book by Mike Weinberg on new sales simplified. And his his book on sales management simplified. And this is this this is like the starts the book out and almost verbatim describing the issue we just came through. And it's because so goes the leader goes so goes the sales network. And it's like if you if you can't if you're not going to have good leadership, guess what, you're not going to have good sales and there's just no way around it. It's like it has nothing to do with Gabe it has nothing to do with the Amish or the shed industry or anything. It's it's a classic sales problem. And I could get really excited I know that I'm a fairly massage isn't the only one that's a little bit dis enamored with the shed industry I am too maybe I probably made him this enamored with the shed industry. But I could get real really excited about going in to some kind of company and build a marketing engine and sales engine side by side and then just watch the set industry try to figure out what the heck's going on.

Matthias Miller  14:10
By the way, Dwayne, did you know that this Caleb guy that is that is Gabes cousin is actually married to my cousin?

Unknown Speaker  14:17
No, I did not know that.

Matthias Miller  14:25
Not suggesting we asked Caleb's vendor but you know it's not out of the picture either.

Speaker 1  14:40
Yeah. Fun side story I worked for Mike Weinberg wants to help his marketing manager build, build and launch kind of a PLF campaign.

Unknown Speaker  14:56
Interesting, he's got some

Speaker 2  14:58
he's got some fascinating stuff. to say, I mean, so much stuff is dead on if I'm just like, raw, direct management's the issue. I mean, we, well, okay, fantastic quote, and Matthias, you're gonna be like, holy cow. This is exactly where they're at. Why do we keep hiring zookeepers when we should be hiring hunters? I love it. Dude, we've got we've got zookeepers all over the place. And it's like, we wonder why we're not going out and hunting down new new, like clients. Like we've hired zookeepers instead of hunters.

Matthias Miller  15:39
We look at quotas. I mean, there's maybe two people to keep

Unknown Speaker  15:47
Yeah, and you can literally see it on the spreadsheet.

Speaker 2  15:53
Yeah, indeed. You

Matthias Miller  15:58
well, I need to go find me a hunter. That's what I need to do.

Speaker 2  16:05
Yeah, unfortunately, hunters are dangerous because they just want to go hunt. They don't they don't really want to sit around and baby things and you know, right now, I would love to figure out one how to hire hunters that like we don't sit them on to babysit a shed like I know that you know, urban shed guys in in Oh, I don't know somewhere out there. They supposedly shut down all their their retail lots and actually went full online. And it's like if we can hire some serious hunters and turn on some serious marketing and sell a bunch of sheds for people that just don't know what how to get done. Could be kind of

Matthias Miller  16:48
cool. But for 10 to 15k you can get the I forget what the numbers are you can get one of the leading sales orgs to place a hunter with you and replace them if they don't work out or not just place one place to I think think that's what I check

Unknown Speaker  17:11
that Robert or call or somebody else hold

Matthias Miller  17:13
on let me see what we see if I've got a brace David has three months to guaranteed hires. It's a three months to guarantee hires 18k.

Unknown Speaker  17:38
That's their fee and then you have to pay the

Matthias Miller  17:40
Yeah, you mean you pay them? Probably some kind of, you know, some some kind of draw for the first month or a few months or something?

Unknown Speaker  18:24
Yeah, okay, I'll be a fair bit. Thanks.

Speaker 1  18:31
So, Dwayne, I guess I'm curious if any part of this seems appealing or interesting to you are?

Unknown Speaker  18:44
That's a loaded question.

Speaker 1  18:48
But Matthias knows that I, I asked loaded questions all the time. And I'm also here for the load. So go ahead and save whatever you think.

Speaker 2  19:02
I mean, the honest answer is it depends. Over and over again, I feel like I Well, the older I get, the slower I tend to move on things. There was a time in my life where I'm just like, hey, let's go jump into that thing. And then you know, you get burned and so you get slower at some of these things. I mean, I don't initially have any you know, like, Hey, we should chase this or Hey, we should change that kind of thing. But yeah, I mean, it just depends. I mean

Speaker 2  19:42
that sounds like such a lame answer, but that's what nice, thanks, Matthias froze on.

Unknown Speaker  19:54
See that. Good.

Speaker 2  20:02
Maybe he'll come back. Maybe start playing baby come back.

Speaker 1  20:10
So you are totally frozen there. You're frozen on this great smile by the way, it was perfect.

Matthias Miller  20:23
I still

Unknown Speaker  20:25
as long as I type into the chat see?

Unknown Speaker  20:32
Oh, there we go. Now I

Speaker 1  20:36
yeah, we can turn the cameras off. Save some bandwidth. Yeah. Right now

Matthias Miller  20:41
there, I'm back. Oh, I'll call and if it keeps giving me trouble. So I think I think one of the questions, one of the key questions is what? What would make it interesting for you, Dwayne. And same for myself. And same for Jonathan. I mean you know, I'm not particularly looking to drop. much, if any capital in maybe some sweat, but I'm also very eager to, I'm not eager to, I'd much rather be shooting fish in a barrel than going after too many long shots.

Matthias Miller  21:37
But what, what types of opposite up? Go ahead?

Speaker 1  21:41
No, I'm sorry, I was going to reference the fish in a barrel comment and just say, I think that is why we keep talking about continuing to serve the Amish business community, whether it's sheds or E commerce, because that does help at least construct a barrel around some fish. Right. Do you need a bigger crowd than that? Oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  22:08
No, that's fine. To your question, Matthias.

Speaker 2  22:17
One of the things that's really, really interesting to me is I think, okay. It nothing that would interest me is targeting homage did to West Coast. Let's get off the east coast where everybody talks. Interesting. Because unfortunately, Matthias, as you well know, you just tied Caleb Gabes cousin to somebody that, you know, everybody knows everybody on the East Coast. When it comes to, you know, when I say Come on,

Unknown Speaker  22:56
broke up a little bit. nopsi bad. Dwayne, is still there.

Speaker 2  23:00
Now, I'm here. Sorry, somebody was calling him on headphones, we're switching and so getting kind of out of the. And interestingly enough, there's a lot of indication to me that just from from some connections I have, and this is predominant in the storage barn industry. So but what's happening mid mid state to or mid country to towards the west coast is there's some really interesting stuff happening in the storage barn industry in those areas, and particularly, like, Northwest type things, Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, and I don't know, it's like, I kind of want to everybody from Ohio, or from Indiana, East is just like they all know each other. And they all have these really strong opinions about everything.

Matthias Miller  24:00
Well, that's a further narrowing down of Muller barrel.

Matthias Miller  24:16
It may be that those this is conjecture, but it may be that those folks are experiencing a higher degree of pain because they're not supported by the network of people around them. And so they have to market to the English market.

Speaker 2  24:41
may need to drop off guys. I think I've done here training with a sales rep and currently walking a lot out there with a customer that looked like they're walking this direction. So so it's not that disruptive. I mean, I'd say let's, let's keep talking and let's keep exploring. They're not coming in so we'll keep talking for a little bit.

Matthias Miller  25:01
Yeah, I mean, I think Can we can we maybe nail down? What are some next steps to help us figure out where to go from here? How do we flesh out whether I mean, should we? Should we try to find some Amish advertisers in the bcde in the Midwest coast and call them up and start asking them if they know should companies or calling them up and just run this idea? Pass them? Or? Like, what's what do we need to gather disturbed? I don't know, where do we need to get more clarity about? What are the deal breakers?

Speaker 2  25:50
deal breakers? Oh, that's easy. We're not going to go build some some high performing something or other without having control over how to drive it?

Unknown Speaker  26:00
Absolutely, yeah.

Speaker 2  26:03
So it was it would have, like, a year ago, Matthias, when we started out this project, if Gabe would have handed the keys to the dealers network, are at that time, I guess Mike was running it, if they would have if they would have handed it to a real sales manager with good training. who actually knew how to manage sales reps, how to build how to do the accountability, how to develop and hold people to the goals and actually drive sales reps forward actually being like, actually going out and sitting in sales reps opposite and who had access to, to dealer chats and who had access to the software who knew how to use it, it would have been a totally different story. Absolutely different story. Nobody would have cared the amount of money they were spending if you know if that number was five or four to five or 6% of sales revenue. wouldn't have cared.

Unknown Speaker  26:59
Totally Yes. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  27:06
All right, guys. Let me drop off.

Speaker 1  27:08
Thanks, Duane. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Besides you got more time or do you have to drop too

Matthias Miller  27:23
good to me. Let me make you host let me quick pay for pick up and can we talk back on from here? Thanks. So I'll stay on here by phone. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  27:42
I can see you're

Matthias Miller  27:45
gonna give me like five minutes or less.

Unknown Speaker  27:47
All good.

Unknown Speaker  30:08
And I'm here

Speaker 1  30:17
does that seemed any good to you? I'm the kind of person that when I ask you a question like, you know, so Dwayne, what do you think? And he says it depends. The dependent parts doesn't bother me at all. I just want to dive right into it and start figuring out what we're

Unknown Speaker  30:30
what it is on.

Matthias Miller  30:36
Yeah, I mean, I think that's fear. I think, you know, too, he gave us one of those, the part of the it depends is, let's get away from the let's, let's get a get away from the Jabra where everybody talks.

Speaker 1  30:55
I will have not gone I'm sorry. Go ahead. No, I'll hold it, I got it. You go.

Matthias Miller  31:05
Okay, there's because there's, there's also a flip side to it, which is, people who move out West within these communities are probably opinionated, also opinionated, and also the independence. And I just, I get that from well, and I don't know if it's completely true. But I had a conversation with another with a guy working with on the finance side of things. Where and he was, he was talking about this, this one of his friends, colleagues, cousins, relatives, I don't know, who moved from community to community. And that was the pattern that he kept seeing was in the small communities. These folks move in. And their observation is that everybody's so opinionated up until, you know, and then this guy's comment was that they find out a year later that they are opinionated themselves. Anyway,

Speaker 1  32:21
I didn't quite catch into that that's relevant or not, they find out a year later that what?

Matthias Miller  32:28
They themselves are quite opinionated. That they're one of one of the crowds.

Speaker 1  32:34
Yep, I can see that. Um, do you have a caution about if, if we're talking about sheds? Do you have a caution about selecting people on the the What am I missing called the Mountain States because they're just generally less populated in sales can be, I'm talking about like Google ads, and Facebook ads, traffic campaigns can be a lot more expensive than the East Coast. So that wouldn't apply to an e commerce Store. Because if we're doing e commerce, the sales point is the whole United States, at least the whole lower 48 states, so wouldn't matter. But if we're gonna go for local delivery, like sheds, tiny homes, something like that, we run the risk of shooting ourselves in the foot doing that was I'm not saying you can't work at some point. Just something to keep in mind.

Matthias Miller  33:37
Is there a perfect intersection between a business that's doing say about 8 million a year? And they're Amish? And they need some kind of digital distribution? And they don't have it yet?

Speaker 1  33:56
I would think so. I would think so by sheer virtue of the fact that they're Amish. I can't prove that. But if you're going to find a speaking of fish in a barrel, if you're going to find a barrel of people who are not yet online, it's the Amish. Right? So anyway, to shoot that down. Um,

Matthias Miller  34:22
I mean, the only issue is, if they're at that level of revenue, perhaps they've already found it. That would be the only question.

Unknown Speaker  34:30
Can you give me a reason for the 8 million figure?

Matthias Miller  34:36
Because I find those companies like the based on what I've figured out so far, I think I enjoyed working with companies that are passed the what Perry and John and those called the $5 million desert. And I think part of gates problem, not the whole extent of it. gapes problem is the fact that he's in chaos mode chaos and reactivity mode all the time. It became almost impossible to deal with. But that's, that's if I am getting into this for the sake of what I find most interesting, my most interesting contribution on the consulting side. I'm not saying that that has to be that it has to be No, I'm just asking the question, I suppose.

Speaker 1  35:31
I think it's a great question. I don't have any way to answer company size and revenue questions. And I do worry that you know, before I continue, I'm going to say a big overarching blanket statement, which I don't, which is that good clients are hard to find. And I don't think there is such a thing as a category of customer who's like going to be perfect, just because they have certain earmarks, right? Like, just because they're Amish and on the West Coast, and pass $8 million, they can be just as bad to work with this game, we might find somebody who's on the East Coast, and is in the shed industry, and is not doing that. Well. And they have a great attitude, and they're the perfect customer. And that is a one person at a time problem. And I'm not saying we can't have filters, we need filters, categories, definition barrels, so to speak. But the you know, it's going to come out in the wash as we get to work. So I'm worried that I barely know what I'm talking about here. But I'm worried that if we find somebody who's past the $5 million desert, that they may not have any needs, and therefore they may not have an itch to scratch or pain to solve, and therefore we don't have much to offer them it'd be it'd be like, Well Oh, it's alright. I was gonna say like it. I hate the word luck. But it'd be like pure luck to find somebody in that condition who still wants to get what we have to offer?

Matthias Miller  37:17
What I think if we're offering, fulfill, if you're offering fulfillment on the back end, if you're offering consulting around exit for sale, or retirement or new market or deeper entrenchment in a vertical or fill in the blank, then yes, I, well, then, you know, then maybe at that point, there is a conversation to be had, if you're talking, let's put up a marketing campaign, because you've not done any digital marketing yet? And the answer is no, it's highly unlikely that that's ever that, that that has happened. But they don't have anything. Yep. And so I think basically, what I needed to look at my play in this is, we need to find people on this side of the $5 million desert. And my, my, you know, short term game is, whatever my involvement is, in the short term, the tech side. Whatever it ends up being, and, like, my long game on the end of this is to grow them into, you know, grow into the ideal clients, and it's not necessarily a bad strategy might not be

Speaker 1  38:40
I agree, yeah. Yep. Okay, well, I'm, at some point, somebody, and I suspect somebody might be Dwayne, unless he just decides he doesn't want to have anything to do with this at all. And then it's just defaults back to you and me, but somebody probably just black and white A or B needs to decide if yes, we are going to tackle another shed company, or no, we're done with that. And we're gonna go find some other kinds of business because that like changes all the conversations and considerations and not all of them but a substantial amount. So I think that's probably the most important well solve.

Matthias Miller  39:31
Your for Dwayne sentiment that he thinks that what should happen I mean, he's, you know, his inclination towards let's do what's working what's been proven. I am putting words in his mouth a little bit, but not much.

Unknown Speaker  39:54
Meaning meaning do another set company but do it right this time.

Matthias Miller  39:59
Do it right there. It's time and gain control.

Speaker 1  40:03
Yeah, I wasn't that narrowed it to. Sorry, I'll do

Matthias Miller  40:08
this there. There's just a comment that he made that. Sorry, there was a comment that he made that indicated when you mentioned about sticking to what's proven and what's worked and what we've done. That he was very much aligned with that. And so I think his big mistake that he sees in his end is not secure enough control over the entire process, which I would agree with him. And so it seems to me like, part of his concern is having sheds on the East Coast chicken wings on the east coast where everybody talks. And the answer for that is go find a shed company. Like, can we find a shed company in the Midwest, West, whatever it is, that is still in a populated enough region. I mean, Colorado in my area, you know, it is a region where you can make things work. So there are definitely areas of it. That work and I think different shitcan music different, you know, rural will, okay, I'm rambling. Now, is there a way that we could have been Morris? Is it ethical, and I don't know what Ben would think if Ben would think this is ethical to run their customer data model against locations in these areas, or go play Amish communities? Where are the Amish communities? And remove against that?

Speaker 1  41:54
You know more about it than I do. But that's how he and Kevin Milani came up with what they call the Milani method where they figured out that well, I'm sorry, that's not how they came up with it. But they realize that when running campaigns, like across the whole United States, Ben had a funny way to say this, that I can't repeat what he would talk about 140% of your revenue 40% of it was a loss. And it was identified by location, I never figured out what location whether it was a zip code, or it was that was part of their secret sauce. They wouldn't talk about exactly how they identified it. But I'm just saying that to say that Ben is very familiar with the idea that locations can make or break marketing campaigns, it's kind of part of his or yeast to be part of his sales pitch. Why don't you just ask him? Why don't you shoot him an email?

Matthias Miller  42:50
Okay, so we are looking at okay, yeah, I think that would be a reasonable place to start. And even. That would be a really reasonable place to start. And you could even the interesting thing is if you had a shed builder in Ohio or Pennsylvania, you could say, Hey, if you find five other families who want to move to this part of the country you got to be careful how you sell it. But you know, based on the research we've done, this is right for a good company

Speaker 1  43:32
I like that idea. In the long run when we're all really good at this. I don't think that's a great next step. I think we need to find someone who has a sufficient without importing families. I actually do like the idea but you're a visionary, you know that. Better ever come out on your score. Always

Matthias Miller  43:56
feel like one man.

Unknown Speaker  44:00
I actually love that. Yeah, but

Matthias Miller  44:01
like, I'm a cautious visionary. Like, I don't know. I don't know how to describe myself.

Speaker 1  44:06
Cautious visionary. I love it. Yeah, that's great. I actually really love that on 100 different levels, including some that had nothing to do with business. I'm good. I'm glad you can see stuff like that. I've got a friend here. I think I've made it pretty clear that I have some Anabaptist religious. I don't know what to call them leanings backgrounds. And I've got a friend here that was really smart guy. He was telling me that back in the early days of the Anabaptist that I'm gonna mess this up, but in a nutshell. communities, local Anabaptist collections of people in communities with churches, you know, would be persecuted, right? We all know that. And sometimes there would be a locality location. So Somebody was the Regional Governor, Lord Mayor night, whatever he was, that actually liked some particular local Anabaptist craftsmen in his town. And he would start to buy from them like things would go, well, they weren't persecuted, and they had money and whatever. And so some members of the Anabaptist community would then go around, so to speak, and tell others that we're not doing well, economically and, and otherwise, and basically say, Hey, we're finding favor over here in this little serfdom. Why don't y'all you know, either partner up or move or something. And anyway, I'm sort of saying you remind me of that, where like, you can actually help other people do better, maybe even has to do with, where they're located or what they're doing or something. But anyway, for what it's worth storytime

Matthias Miller  45:54
is, that's interesting.

Unknown Speaker  45:57
I can see the world falling into that day.

Matthias Miller  46:03
Yeah, it's not. It's not a picture for sure.

Speaker 1  46:07
I'll tell you another funny story. My community actually was in Colorado for a while and we got chased out by the locals because he's didn't like us. I was a kid when that happened, but really,

Matthias Miller  46:20
yeah, really? We're all protocol. Ready? Were you in

Speaker 1  46:24
on the west slope? Were up in kind of near Grand Junction, like in between grand jump, hold on just a second, please. I just hand that to me and run on you. We're between Grand Junction and like the Telluride area. Out of the mountains down the canyons. Yep. And I mean, essentially, we are trying to live a agriculturally base, fairly Anabaptist looking lifestyle, because we thought that was what was best for raising family and kids. And um, yeah, the locals just hated first sight didn't like us in like, a weird dude didn't want us there and ended up like literally shooting at some of our kids and stuff. And so we had to go. Yeah. Yep. And that's how we got to Texas, more or less. Wow. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:24
Yeah, some of the there's some extremely territorial places.

Unknown Speaker  47:29
Oh, yeah. For sure. So anyway, all right.

Matthias Miller  47:39
I will shouldn't email the band I think I think that's the right thing. Let's narrow down locations. And then we can start actually searching for shed shed companies or what even one of your viewers could do this search searching for said companies in those areas? And I mean, there'd be two ways to go about it. But I wonder if the best if it's either that. I don't know, are they online? I don't know. Calling up the Chamber of Commerce or the or maybe it's the opposite direction go find Amish people and go advertise in. Those are also inexpensive magazines. Are you know, to advertising or see if you can trump people up at the Shedd expo or? I don't know what it is.

Speaker 1  48:29
Do you think Dwayne would want to go to that set expo where does he lives

Matthias Miller  48:35
I think he might be probably is going oh here he is.

Speaker 1  48:40
Do you think he's going anyway? Yeah, if he's gone anyway let's and when is that again? It was September something right

Matthias Miller  48:51
things the last week of September if I got it right in my memory

Speaker 1  48:55
well let's ask him if he can like have conversations while he's there and gauge some interest or even try to find somebody who might want to try it especially if he's going to be there anyway.

Unknown Speaker  49:09
Yes

Speaker 1  49:12
that would be a sad missed opportunity if he was actually already there. And we didn't at least try Yep. I I probably an idiot, but I almost think it's an easy and very natural sales conversation to tell to to go to a shout expo or get on the phone, whatever it is. And literally say like, we me and my team just did this for a company and it was working great. And the company in question shot themselves in the foot by just refusing to handle sales and the sales team correctly more looking for somebody that we know it works, we have the assets or just looking for somebody to do this again and do it right this time. I would think I would Think almost anybody who is the owner of a shed business would like that story pretty well.

Matthias Miller  50:06
Yeah. Seems like it's a matter of finding the person. Yeah. Okay, but first, find the locations and then find the people.

Speaker 1  50:15
Yep. Awesome. All right. Well, let's leave it at that and keep following up as days tick by here. Sounds awesome. All right. Sounds good. Thank you. Yep. Bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai