Unknown Speaker  00:23
Hello, Samuel, how are you? Can

Unknown Speaker  00:25
I hear me?

Unknown Speaker  00:26
Yep, I can hear you. Can you hear me?

Unknown Speaker  00:28
I hear you? Well,

Matthias Miller  00:29
all right, awesome, good. So I got your I got your note, and just wanted to dive in a little bit. Can here was the here's here's where this is, and diverging from the typical way I run these, because I think this is what needs to happen. The thing I would like to ask you right now is, what's been the thing that keeps bubbling up in your heart to do that, that you really, if you go back to this place where you felt like, this was it, do you have a place where you found that,

Unknown Speaker  01:13
oh, this is it? As in, this is what I should be doing. This

Unknown Speaker  01:15
is what you should be doing. This.

Speaker 1  01:20
I mean, so sort of, I mean not in the sense of having been there and doing it, but more in the sense of maybe hearing somebody else, or maybe being creative on my own and saying, This is what I should be doing for other people. The only concrete situation would be when in my my last job, which I just left last month, I was doing something where I was like, Okay, finally, I feel like I'm doing proper marketing and doing like, I'm able to use the stuff I've learned. I was like, finally. And then just at that moment, my boss told me, like, we're running out of money. Basically, it's startup. So I guess something like, yeah. I'm not sure if that's if there's a correct answer. So I sort of,

Matthias Miller  02:05
is there a space in numbers, analytics, spreadsheets, deep dive that you've operated into in

Unknown Speaker  02:19
Oh, I'm not sure I understand exactly. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:21
Have you within the marketing so you've been focusing on marketing? Is that right? Yeah. And is there space in that marketing where you've been either either in marketing or even outside the marketing, outside the space of Do you have any kind of data analytics, financial analytics, spreadsheet work, anything like that in either in your background or in your DNA. Oh,

Speaker 1  02:44
that. No, that's definitely not. No, I would not say that's me. I'm much more like so in my DNA, with the marketing DNA, for me, was like Alchemist type, so I played around it a little bit the last job when I had sort of a breakthrough. But it's, it's still very much in progress, but I don't think it's my natural tool to use. I'm not a quantitative type, I would say,

Matthias Miller  03:06
and you're not a, you're not a numbers, numbers type of guy.

Speaker 1  03:09
No, I wouldn't say. I would say, like the opposite. So instead of a quantitative, I guess you would call it a qualitative. No such thing exists. But that basically be what, like I'm trying to make a leap, let's Say, as opposed to try to optimize. So, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  03:50
All right, yeah, sorry. Just so no worries, no worries, this, this, this doesn't. I've learned enough to go with these and and I don't, I don't,

Matthias Miller  04:12
I keep seeing something i and this isn't you. So I don't know what this means. Maybe there's, maybe it's an industry. Maybe that's something else. But I really kept, kept being spreadsheets and numbers, and I don't know, maybe you're not the guy. Maybe this is just part of the puzzle. That's how these pieces play together. But I really felt like there was something where, almost like the

Matthias Miller  04:59
there's. There's nuance to it so. So sometimes there are people who can look at numbers and spreadsheets and it's a jumping off point, but I feel like there's, there's probably even more nuance to it than that. Um,

Unknown Speaker  05:37
here's here's the follow up question.

Speaker 2  05:41
I we're gonna

Matthias Miller  05:47
have to come up with a new label for these and see if they're memos, dialogs or what exactly they are. But have you had space where? Where right now in your life? Do you have space for free, experimentation, apart from pressures of success or failure.

Speaker 1  06:08
Oh, experimentation. I don't know that I have, I guess so the closer I get to something where I feel, I guess creative would be. So, I mean, that's just me taking let's say I read something, okay, for example, often we'll start a morning reading, like the Perry Marshall newsletter, so I'll go back into the backlog, just because it helps me to go like, Oh, okay. Then I start connecting it with other things, like I have a friend, for example, and I start thinking, Oh, maybe this, this part here, makes sense for this, or this could hypothetically work for I could somehow play with this. So it's more like that, and then I take notes. Now I normally never do anything with it, but it's just for me. It's sort of like exercise. Obviously, I would like to, at some point be able to use whatever I come up with, but I guess it's courage thing to a degree, and credibility thing, but that's, that's me. That's where I at least feel like, okay, that's where I'm not feeling everything is bad. And I can go like, Okay, you're good at something. You have this thing, whatever you would call it, and that's kind of where I'm like, Okay, this. I like this. And as long as I'm doing that, certainly I'm not feeling depressed. Let's say so yeah, there'll be something like that, playing with other people's ideas, or coming up with my own or seeing other people's businesses and trying to, like, Okay, this could be done in this way, and so on and so forth. I don't know if that's the sort of answer, or if there's a right answer, whatever.

Matthias Miller  07:29
There is no right answer, right, right, yeah. So and then, along with that, just out of curiosity, what's your degree in?

Speaker 1  07:43
So it's a bit outside of this world. So mine is in history, global studies and history, more so history than so it's a combined masters. So it's nothing to do with this. Is just what my interests are, are, yeah.

Speaker 3  07:57
So how did you, how do I What? How did, how did you land on that?

Speaker 1  08:03
Oh, I just like both economics, politics and history stuff. I read anyway, and so I decided at that point I didn't know exactly what I wanted to do. I had a vague sense I would start a business with a friend back then. That was kind of the thing. And I always felt like, I don't I can. I was reading. I was starting to read direct marketing on my on the side, and I came across this, this direct marketer killed Gary north, sort of a polymath type dude, and I learned a lot from him. And he directed me towards certain authors like Abraham and Dan Kennedy and people like that. And eventually I ended up as well reading Perry Marshall. And so I was just playing along with that, but the history and political I never had the sense that I'm going to do anything with it. At some point I decided, like, I want to do something business as soon as I'm done, or if it happens in the meanwhile, I'll drop out. I have zero problem with that, but this is just things I had happened to have an interest in as well, and it just helps to shape how I look at the world. So I guess in order to look at it pragmatically, like, oh, it helps. Maybe, in a broader sense, maybe it just gives you good analogies, but just what's going on in the world in some way, what's happened in the past. How can you use that to think about problems? I guess that would be thinking counterfactuals, for example, being very analytical about things. So I guess they do have some attributes. I suppose I can, I can help but, but, yeah, it was just personal interest, which is always kind of a political type, or a history, economics, that sort of

Unknown Speaker  09:32
stuff. All right?

Matthias Miller  09:54
So And okay, so we're unraveling this. I. A personal history interest in history, because it wasn't you weren't sure what you wanted to do and what led you into business and direct marketing, what sparked that for you?

Speaker 1  10:10
I think it was this guy, Garen or so. He's sort of libertarian political economist and but he also is a direct marketer who knows like Jay Abraham and so forth. And he goes way back and so because of reading him for other reasons, nothing to do with business. I just had this way before I even started reading him anything, I always had this inkling at some point, maybe when I was young, that I wanted to do something where I'm not sitting in a cubicle, like a boring like so this old, stereotypical thing, oh yeah, I don't want to end up here. And so something like that was always there. Now, what exactly that should be? How you fix that? I didn't know, but, but, yeah, I started reading him, and I got very interested. I think it was reading a J Abraham book in particular I called, had a book called Getting everything you can out of everything you want, getting everything you want out of everything you can, something like that. It was a great, wonderful book. It immediately sparked a lot of ideas. It's the sort of thing I would recommend to other people. But I don't know if that's just because it was me, and it won't necessarily have that effect, but it made me. Every time I saw something, I'd be like, Oh, they could do this thing. So I'm a good synthesizer, I guess. So I'll take stuff like that, I'll see a bunch of examples, and then start to click. Like, Oh, this is not that difficult, actually, to think in his mindset, to degree, and then you start, it starts popping off, right? So that's when I realized, Oh, I'm kind of in my zone when I'm when I'm thinking like that. And so it can be something like, you say to me, okay, and saying, Well, they could do it this way, or maybe they hit referrals and something, something, something. So I don't remember there being a specific thing, but i The closer I will get to reading that book, I guess.

Matthias Miller  11:44
And, but, but his, his political background was what pulled you in and drew you in in the first place.

Speaker 1  11:52
Oh, yes, this is Gary North type, yeah, yeah. But I'm talking about the book, yeah. But this guy, Gary, so he's a, he's a theologian, sort of very, he has a sort of religious, like a very hardcore orthodox Protestant. I'm not, but, um, but he had very interesting insights in politics and history. He's an historian himself, and sort of, like I said, a polymath business guy, economist as well. So, like, he knew a lot about different things, and that attracted me strongly. I'm still read. I still read a ton of stuff that has nothing to do with business per se, although it may be overlaps sometimes, in some ways, but yeah, I read very rightly, like, we sorry, read very widely, like, would be stuff like anthropology or social psychology or genetics or biology. So this just as it spans, I guess, the degree. I'm very curious type, I suppose. So it's always something like, shiny, new what is it? What do they call it? The shiny, like, entrepreneurship, China, yeah. So think of this. But beyond just business in terms of just, oh, this new idea, yeah, then I want to read about, like, St Paul, like this book I'm reading about that. So it's, you know, a bit uncontrolled to a degree, lack of discipline, but you could also flip that to be that's just curiosity,

Matthias Miller  13:06
yeah, so, so what diverted you from the political

Speaker 1  13:13
scene? Well, I don't think, yeah, I don't think there was ever, well, a, I mean, my general political orientation was, like, very anti politics, in a sense, but I was just very interested in it like so I guess we could call libertarian, and they tend to be very anti politics, but it's also super dedicated to slight. It's not hypocrisy, but it's a slightly funny thing, because you're not going to go into it, right? You're just going to, you know, grumble about it or something like that, or talk about how, you know better, something like that. But I never had any like sense of I want to do, oh no, that's not true. At one point, I did think of wanting to start like a think tech or something like that. But I kind of, I kind of lost faith in that worldview to a degree. I mean, I still subscribe to some ideas, but, but I never had the sense I was going to do besides that one thing, I never had the sense I wanted to do something professional. So I'll go back to one thing. At one point, I was similar to press, I suppose, before I decided, before I went to university, I saw it speak speech by this guy, gare north. So wonderful speech. I still would recommend it to people. It was given to a bunch of young economists, but it's about career and calling. So you compliment from religious perspective, but he's building these people who are, I'm assuming, most of them so particular, perhaps, and you talked about you have to divide the two. You have a calling and you have a career. And it's a very it was, it was incredibly useful to me to think in those terms, even if you didn't know exactly what the career was going to be, nor what what you're calling it's going to be. But it was very inspiring in some way. I still, I still, once in a while, we'll go back to it whenever, yeah, I'm feeling like I lacking, perhaps orientation, so, but, yeah, that particular thing I remember that was very important in my formation,

Matthias Miller  14:50
makes sense. So are you okay if we take a little bit of extra time? Because I

Speaker 1  14:56
think we're gonna, oh sure, sure, oh sure. It's your time. It says that's. Not understand I'm the one who's grateful for you. So it's not, yeah,

Speaker 3  15:05
I want to be. It goes both ways.

Matthias Miller  15:13
All right, so let's, let's, we're going to do, we're going to do a mini session here. All right, give me

Speaker 3  15:28
sorry I used up my flip charts and it ran out, and so I gotta grab a new one, sure I

Matthias Miller  15:43
this is probably the, all right, we're just gonna make a list right here. So, political Think Tank, right? Let's go down through the list of other ideas that you've had that you've aborted. Oh, there's some other examples. I Well,

Speaker 1  16:01
aborted. That might be as strong. Just thought, just, just, okay, sure. Okay, so at one point I thought from this for the same reasoning that I am interested in, like I'm reading a lot of, I guess, okay, intellectual stuff, let's say I want, I was thinking, okay, maybe I can apply marketing to people who are lacking it in some way, and that would be like so substack writers, right? That's a big thing now, but I always have the problem. I remember seeing a speech by Jordan Peterson where he talks about how anybody who does anything creative, they struggle mightily, right, to monetize. It. It's very hard thing to monetize. And I thought, Well, okay, so I can't really help artist types. That's not really me. I don't I know something about art, but it's more like political writers or economic writers. People just deal in ideas, intellectual types. And I was like, okay, SubSys a big thing, but people, broadly in this category, maybe they're subs like, maybe they're not. So maybe I could do something for them. Maybe can you apply direct marketing to these people to help them at least make a living? And actually, maybe they're going to be able to build big projects they would, but can do right? So help them think big. That would be one thing, another thing. So I guess if I had to say, like, what would be my ideal position? Right now, I'm just saying I'm just need a job. I need to get, like, my the basics right first. So any job in marketing where I can sort of do something I'm good at, that would be fine. But then the ideal position would be something like strategy, or something like that, some something where market, yeah, marketing, strategy, business, where they overlap. So a lot of stuff, I guess you can say I've learned from from pair Marshall, that's like taking it to the next level, but that stuff comes natural to me. I'm very interested in that. So that would be the ideal position. But so that would be something like, yeah, I guess you're advising companies or something like that. Maybe it'd be startups in particular, but it's the sort of thing where it's like, I feel like you'd have to do it enough to feel I get a sense of, okay, where's the natural area, where you should be for now, it's much more make sense. It's more like, I want to do a specific activity, which is like strategizing, picking, marketing at high level, but for whom, exactly what type of business? Let's say that I don't know for sure. Yeah, I don't know. Let me see. Do you have anything else?

Matthias Miller  18:14
Let's go down this let's go down this rabbit show. Because this one's this one I think is important. Okay, so I so what thoughts have you given to how you might go about doing marketing and business strategy in any capacity?

Speaker 1  18:33
Okay, so I remember, I think Perry gave me this advice, and it made a lot of sense, but it was basically just get your feet wet. Go, go somewhere. We can have a platform. And I sort of found such a place. It was a bit difficult. But they, yeah, they struggle with economic with resources, let's say, and they had a breakdown. So that happened last year. But there is a peer towards the very end where finally was sort of felt unleashed, in the sense of, okay, now I can do a big, proper campaign, and I got to do all the sorts of things I'd like to do. And it was sort of the deep thinking, long term thinking, how can I position this company, a lot of stuff that, to be frank, that the owner was not really as super aware of, let's put it that way. He's interested, of course, business. He's the founder, but, uh, but he, I don't think he had a natural talent for that. He was just like, oh, I want more customers. That was kind of the end of that. And I thought, okay, I can do something. I can help this guy. If the ambition is big enough, which he says it is, I can do something. And I was, I was thinking, Okay, this is the this might be the place after all. But so that would be my idea. My idea would be go somewhere and either make it up the ranks for such a company or do well enough there, then I can then parachute out of that and start saying, Okay, I have this track record with this particular company, and now I can go reach out to, you know, whatever companies are around locally that I can meet in person and so forth. So it's one of those two routes, right?

Matthias Miller  19:58
Is there any way you could take a. What's your marketing? DNA?

Unknown Speaker  20:02
It's Alchemist.

Unknown Speaker  20:06
Words versus images. Words,

Unknown Speaker  20:15
live versus recorded. Recorded both.

Unknown Speaker  20:24
Uh, no, no, no. Record it. You

Matthias Miller  20:25
said, record it. Sorry, yeah, record it. Record it. Okay. So what if you would set yourself a timer for two hours? I don't know what it is. Give yourself a little bit of a time deadline, sit down, type out whatever comes to mind day in the life of this is what the business owner was thinking about. This is what he was struggling with. Here was what he was attempting to do. Here is what I did, and whether or not you were able to say, let's let's not invalidate this because you didn't actually get to pull the trigger on the campaign. But is there a way that you can turn this into a mini case study where you can say, I this is where he was. These were the problems he was facing, and I put together the plan for him to pull the trigger that would enable him to do X, whatever the X is, right?

Speaker 1  21:29
Yeah. I mean, I'm not sure what, yeah, I thought of saying something. I sort of had that on my resume, but I kind of wonder, like, why would they care? Except, I mean, because all I can say is I, I came up with a plan, but it never showed any results. So I don't even know if it works well and so forth, but, but yeah, maybe it has some value, I suppose, but I don't know.

Matthias Miller  21:49
Did you pressure test the plan? Was there any any effort that went into it besides just making up ideas?

Speaker 1  21:59
Well, I mean, I create, I wrote the copy. So I wrote the so we would send So okay, so it was sort of an integrated thing. It was going to send out. I first had to figure out, who should we target, because Newton cold had been a complete failure called derailing. So I figured out, okay, we should every other lead we had had come organically from people who used to use the same software at the old at our current client. They now go elsewhere. So that's what I did. I said, start, let's start with targeting other people who used to use the software. I'm going to send them a letter without saying directly why we're sending but they can sort of figure out, and then they would be sent to a landing page. We'd also do an ad, so LinkedIn ad, so it'd be like hitting them for from a couple of angles. So so that was the that was the idea of it.

Matthias Miller  22:42
So you eliminated one piece of risk by reverse engineering. What actually worked in the past? You developed a use the strategy that has worked in other situations, which is multi channel targeting base to point out whatever form phrase you want to use. And you also had a plan. The plan itself was bulletproof, because you weren't just going to pull the trigger, knowing you and where you come from and planet Perry and all of this stuff. You were going to send it to these people. Watch how they respond, optimize each step of the funnel until you actually work your way through into into a working campaign. Is that, yeah, and

Speaker 1  23:21
I would send it to their boss as well in case they asked, and then the other person might get in contact. Because, okay, I couldn't say directly. I know you've used this software in the past. I was not allowed to use that for my boss. So that was that. And, oh, the result of the USP part, that was the big thing throughout the whole thing, I wonder, was the USP? The boss had no idea, nobody else had. And I figured out finally, okay, right? Our product is the only one that has a an ERP, if that makes it means anything to you. So, yeah, so that's yeah, EIP components, or it's like, okay, that's our that's where we're special, that's what, that's why people came back. I analyzed our past people who came to our company, and I realized they're all finance people. They're not legal. It should be a legal product. They like to finance, financial aspects of the product, somehow that the combo is really appealing to them. Clearly, that's something.

Matthias Miller  24:03
It's a great story. So so the owner of the company didn't even know who he was selling to. No, he

Speaker 1  24:09
had never sold to anybody before. He had only had one company, and now he was opening so we were brought in, but he had spent a year wasting a lot of money. By the time I come in, they had just about reached a point where it's like, oh, it turns out, suddenly the accountant says we have no more money. And so I was left with that's that sort of situation,

Matthias Miller  24:28
factual dollars. They burn through this much cash, and yes, you're going to have to hide details, because people know people, and you don't want to shame your client. But they were, they had spent all of this money. The owner had one client. He was looking to scale the multiple, but he was looking to scale the multiple not based on repeating what actually worked, because he didn't even really know or pay attention to what actually worked or why that person bought from him. He was making things up, burning through cash, getting to the end of his cash runway, and and you came in and helped. Negate the risk of and you, you reverse a substantial part of the risk that he faced in the investment. Yeah, he made,

Speaker 1  25:10
I guess I realized, yeah, I should also mention out the component to this, which, when I arrived, the first thing I wanted, I told him is, I'm going to try to find your bottom leg. So that's like, Josh, long thing. And I realized you guys want me to bring in leads. Clearly, your problem is not that. It's the fact that every time you bring in somebody, you don't know how to nobody here knows how to sell. There's not a salesperson I don't know either, but I have to go out to do that. But in the meantime, we should bring in a sales guy, a consultant. I wanted to bring in Josh long or somebody similar. My boss overrode me and brought in somebody else, but that guy helped to revive a deal, and that particular deal is the one that was still ongoing. So it's a huge company. It's a trillion dollar company in this particular case, and they're the reason I ended up being fired, paradoxically, because they they cost so much in legal fees just to onboard them. And it was such an honest, yeah, I'm not kidding. They are so ex, so extensive in terms of you have to do this, you have to do that, and they won't even tell you what they're paying yet, right? So it's this long thing that I thought was going to save me so indirectly, I guess I had some I played some role in reviving a particular deal. Okay,

Matthias Miller  26:15
no, you did, because let's reverse engineer that deal would not have come to the table. If it had not been for the salesperson, that salesperson would not have come to the table. You had not insisted to your boss. So this is the bottleneck. So because you, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  26:31
I would say that's fair, except, I mean, it's only a stickler for these sorts of things. Like, I'm never going to take more than I the only thing I don't, I can't know for sure. For example, how much did the sales consultant, because he pushed him. Like, you have to talk with these people. You have to with these people. You have to look, have a whole board of boost your contact people inside. So my boss did some of that. But was it a case of this company was just very slow, because they are slow, and they had been doing the deal since a year before. So I think it did something because he finally, my boss finally felt comfortable having a sales consultant explained to him. So I think I, I'm pretty sure I did something, but I don't know if I should even indirectly claim how big so I did something. I can certainly say that. So yeah, but yeah, like I said, I feel Wheezy about claiming too much, even though it might technically be true, I suppose. But I just I would want to be 100% sure, but I guess it's true in some of it, in some sense, be

Matthias Miller  27:24
honest, address your limitations, but also don't lie about the fact that if you had not been present, that that deal would never have. It's very unlikely. Maybe, maybe it's not true to say it never would have, but that deal is very unlikely to have been revitalized or come to the table. I would put

Speaker 1  27:40
a 5050, on it. Okay, just all the details. But yeah, sure

Matthias Miller  27:45
if it's okay, fair. So, so maybe, maybe it's something to include. Maybe it's not. Here's my point. So there's a proverb that says that, do you see somebody who is skilled at their work, and if so, they're going to stand before before kings. And I think that there's a fundamental your I would, I would challenge you on your fundamental assumption that I just need a job, because I don't think if you're somebody who operates at this level, you're not going to be exceptional at your day job? Yeah, that's

Unknown Speaker  28:25
unless I'm allowed to do that part. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:27
unless you're allowed to do that part. But you're looking for, let me, you're looking for let me get a job that I'm below average. If you're this good at that, then you're below it means you're below average on the day to day activities. Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  28:44
that's okay.

Matthias Miller  28:46
So you're looking to to get an A, a job at which you're below average at, so that you're recognized for your skill set, in hopes that you can, you can step outside of that and actually provides, provide strategy, and through your strategy, get promoted. What? What is it's it can happen, but what's also very likely to happen is there is an implicit agreement here. We hired you for x. You're below average at x, and so why are we going to promote you if you're a below average performer? What I'd like to point out to you is that you already have the you brought Josh long to the table. And I say this because I had the same experience with the client that that actually I mentioned briefly in my email, I wanted to bring in expertise, and I had people I wanted to bring to the table in order to make the consulting engagement work, and they wanted to take a non conventional route. I said, the best guy to do it, can't offer a guarantee. He charges 50 grand a day, but for a day, but we should do a day with him. And that's that is the and it would it would have it. Very likely could, could very have likely paid for itself. But even at a even at a 40% chance, it would have probably been worth it. They stood in the way so you came in with the advice. They stood in the way of giving you the support that you needed. You're on this side, taking the blame for, for for results that came because you were not fully supported. And so I what happens on the on the tail end of these types of consulting engagements is you hit a high and then there's some kind of drop off, and you, you you identify your performance, not based off of this part, but you identify your performance based off of this part. And so you don't feel even though this, even though the highs of which you accomplished helping somebody, even from a very unquantified way, cut through one year of wasted money and get to the root of the issue. It's a really good story to tell that's impressive. And you are judging yourself. I think you're judging yourself from here, not from here, and that you've got plenty to work with, with a case study of this client, and there's all kinds of stuff we can't get into, like all the reasons why you might trip over yourself. I've been here, whatever like, but my encouragement would be, lean into the successes that you had here, because you've had it, and lean into this thing because this is, this is your this is your dynamite.

Speaker 1  31:45
Sorry. I just wanted to mention I kind of I got a memo at some point in March, so I went back to doing that, or I never started before, and it said something like this at the exact time. So this is true Perry, Perry's memo team that you're considering to if you should drop whatever it is you're doing now, maybe you should consider staying because that was the exact conversation going on in my mind. Can I get something out of this and get a job somewhere else, for example, or is there something I'm beating a dead horse? I felt like there's no resources, there's no effort. So I remember having that. And then fast forward to June. I get another memo saying yes to what you're doing or something like that. And then I think, I'm not a kid. Oh, actually, I look back at my journal. It's like, the day after is when my boss tells me, it's like, the legal cost, we have to hire lawyers. We tried to get a cheap one even, and we have two guys have to get a lawyer. So I wondered at that point, like, what's going on here? And the best I could come up with, I hadn't really thought of it, but Perry's interpretation, I think, was something like, well, maybe, and yours as well was maybe because you should be doing something else. Maybe the point was, you're supposed to learn something. You now feel like you can do something. You didn't get to pull the trigger. But maybe that was the point so, well, you weren't supposed to succeed at this. That wasn't the point, like or something. So that would be one interpretation. But anyway, sorry, I didn't know. Yeah, one,

Matthias Miller  32:56
one interpretation was, would be here's the memo. All right, keep doing it, and here you get fired. And I was switched the conversation from keep working with this company to keep doing exactly the same work that you've been doing. And we don't have time to get into it. But the very next question that I would start taking a look at is, somewhere in your network there, there is, there are maybe three to five people that you need to go have conversations with, and and somewhere there's a loose connection within your network of somebody who is who, who can open up a door for you. Or this is the, this is the what question. This is the proof question. And, but then this is the where. Where is the borrow from the proverb? Where is the King who's looking for, for this expertise, so and, and in all of that, maintaining this is, I'm throwing a lot at you, but, but not resorting drawing a line in the sand and not resorting to the head thrash of I'm just this guy,

Speaker 1  34:35
right? I mean, I understand what you're saying. I mean, the reason I resort to being that guy, it's not I know what I know what I know. Sometimes like, so when I get in creative mode, like, you know what I do? I do know some things. And I have a friend who, I wouldn't say, consult exactly, but something like that, let's say that's his own business, but, but I keep thinking, of course, like, why would anybody, I suppose, if you have to choose between two guys who are claiming their strategies, right? Many people do, I suppose, nowadays, right? It's very fancy. Side thing to put on yourself. Why would you choose the guy who can say, like, I've done nothing or not nothing, but I've not, I can't really point to a specific thing I did, or maybe I guess again, but versus somebody who's done several things, right, and you get what I'm saying, like, that's a track record, right? It's hard to come in with credibility. And almost like, this is my test. Like, how do you get credibility? It could be this guy, my friend is, maybe that guy in the net, your loose network or but I don't know who else it would be exactly, but I guess that's to be explored.

Matthias Miller  35:35
That's to be explored well. And this is the thing that we're after is for you to get anchored on, on using memo esque language. You get anchored with your inner knowing and stay true to that. Course to to use the language you've been using is go figure out where God is taking you and stay true to that. And rather than looking at here is this, you're familiar with the story of David and Goliath? Yes, so you're Goliath. Okay? Is this okay? And I don't know what you believe, I don't even I don't know what you believe. I don't even know what I believe. But Malcolm Gladwell talks about the idea that Goliath may have had terrible eyesight. It might have been a Bumbly kind of man, and might not have been that difficult to take him out. We're gonna go with that interpretation for this. You're Goliath is this blind guy who's really not that threatening, right, but he projects an image of I've done all the things I'm all this good. May I remind you that your peripheral exposure to Kosh and his ideas immediately puts you into the top probably 20% if you can even roughly apply 8020 in Star principle that that without even trying, you're probably in the top 20% of business consultants,

Speaker 1  37:09
right? Oh, I see what you mean. Like you're just knowing what the right thing to do is, even if you're not the

Matthias Miller  37:14
training, you're looking at the just the training and education that you've gotten apart from the experience and trying to prove yourself. So here is the Goliath, which is all the others who have all of these credentials, and he's stealing your attention. And he's not actually that. I feel like he's not actually as as big, as strong or as terrifying as you think he is, and if you could just ignore him for a second, maybe he needs a stone to his forehead, and you would just lean into this.

Speaker 3  37:55
Right? So we we gotta wrap. We gotta wrap. We gotta wrap.

Unknown Speaker  38:00
Thanks very much.

Unknown Speaker  38:01
Is it helpful?

Speaker 1  38:02
Yes, it is helpful. I mean, it's a lot to what do you call it, juggle, like, yeah, find some confidence in the group. But no, it was wonderful. And I wanted to say thank you. I forgot to say that in the beginning. So thanks for for doing this. I know you're also offered to other people, but yeah, it was, it was very good. And do I get a Can I get a recording of it? Yes, okay, Audra

Matthias Miller  38:25
is going to my assistant will email it to you, okay, whenever it's not fine, a picture of this in the next day or two,

Speaker 1  38:31
and you'll be Yeah, that's fine. It doesn't have to be. I just yeah because I was not taking notes, I was just trying to listen as much as I could. Oh, wait. Sorry. Good anyway. Thank you very much. All right,

Unknown Speaker  38:40
yes, thanks. Samuel, All right, bye. Thank.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai