Unknown Speaker  00:16
How's that that's clear.

Speaker 1  00:18
Okay, I think it's on my end I have an LG, it's like a 5k screen, and with Mac and it, it's like, maybe once a month, there's some connection hiccup, and I've never figured out why.

Unknown Speaker  00:42
That's weird.

Unknown Speaker  00:45
Yes, thank you for waiting.

Unknown Speaker  00:48
No worries.

Unknown Speaker  00:51
Okay, so back to your story.

Speaker 2  00:58
All right, what's the story, demonstrating where acceptance allowed the true genius to finally shine.

Unknown Speaker  01:07
I

Speaker 2  01:09
probably need something to jostle that loose. Yeah, I mean, without just going into, I mean, I guess people don't need to know how recent it was, but going into the very recent past of like, okay, we're doing this 100 proof, you thing.

Speaker 1  01:34
I mean, maybe, maybe you don't need a specific story. You just tell the pattern that every two years you reinvented yourself, and every time you're getting closer to the right, closer right, and you're you're peeling the layers of the onion.

Speaker 2  01:59
Did I talk to you about the two year reinvention, no,

Unknown Speaker  02:02
I just, I just thought of that.

Speaker 2  02:08
Melvin talked about the first time when he went to consulting and was charging not a lot of money. And then two years in his client, based write up, everybody disappeared. He was like, What did I do wrong? Did I sin? Is something wrong? Whatever. And went through two months of a dry spell and back come, like, next to your clients and that. And he's like, Oh, we're good. Now goes for two years. All of his clients walk away. He's like, not quite as bad as the first time, but he's still like, what did I do wrong? Like, what? Like, am I being punished? Am I two months? And then next level client, he's like, after that, he was like, first of all, more prepared for it financially. And then, second of all, just he said, that's another time where he buys his expensive suits, refreshes their wardrobe, they go on their cruises. And every two years, when people leave, it's like, okay, yeah, bye, we're getting ready for the next group. So anyway, it's interesting. You mentioned that?

Unknown Speaker  03:16
Well, someone said, you know, every church should have, like, a timed bomb to go off in 10 years and somewhat. And I've heard it the same with, like, careers like, right?

Speaker 1  03:37
You can't just, you have, you have to movement, like a lot of life is in movement. So maybe, maybe there's a general, because I'm sure that maps onto their path too, of of like hitting walls and having to pivot and but it's like you're not, you're not, you're making a conscious decision

Unknown Speaker  04:10
to,

Speaker 1  04:13
I don't want to Say, follow your highest excitement, but more like Honor that real, that connection with yourself. Great. I

Speaker 1  04:46
maybe, maybe you could tell a story of when you've had confidence of an encounter with your real self. I.

Speaker 1  05:00
I mean, that's, that's like a signature victory is for when other people notice you.

Speaker 2  05:09
Well, how about a time when I showed up with somebody much more successful than myself and didn't feel overwhelmed by imposter syndrome?

Speaker 1  05:21
Great. That's that that plays well to the last section too, of collaboration, not competition.

Unknown Speaker  05:37
So I'm trying to think who that was,

Speaker 1  05:41
and that's that kind of goes nicely, more than my work, my talent, my success, right? That's those aren't the measuring sticks anymore.

Unknown Speaker  05:51
Do you know anything about Mark Engel's last sales gig, or anything about his success credentials

Speaker 1  06:03
with in the mechanic business, past post mechanic, post mechanic, he said, like, two gigs after mechanic. It was one email and I, I just, I don't have any

Unknown Speaker  06:18
okay. I um, I mean,

Speaker 2  06:31
I'm trying to, trying to think of a particular incident or a particular person that normally would have been,

Unknown Speaker  06:45
who?

Unknown Speaker  06:57
Well, I mean, this isn't it go ahead.

Speaker 1  07:00
I mean, in some sense, you've already told this story, because you were part of this group. I

Unknown Speaker  07:34
yeah, I don't know.

Speaker 1  07:41
Maybe this is where you mentioned fireside chat. You know it wasn't you feel It's like a new space. I

Unknown Speaker  08:20
I don't know how to

Speaker 2  08:39
sorry. My brain sometimes goes instead of like, oh, wow, that's incredible to like division like, Oh, he's hanging out with people 10 or 100 times he must have only been, you know, this 100 times six figures is only a ten million business and like, What's so unusual about that?

Unknown Speaker  09:17
I think you could say, I uh,

Speaker 2  09:29
well, okay, let's do this. Remember the 10 year plus thing?

Unknown Speaker  09:32
Yeah, I was thinking of 10 years, yeah,

Speaker 2  09:36
with individuals who had a strong 10 year lead on myself.

Speaker 3  09:46
I could give, receive and engage without needing to prove me so i.

Unknown Speaker  10:05
Yeah, that's great.

Unknown Speaker  10:16
All right,

Speaker 1  10:16
let's see if it flows to the Next One I'm

Speaker 1  11:47
I think you can just say I felt like a caged lion Who took a surprise Safari trip to Africa. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:03
do you need even?

Speaker 1  12:04
I think you just this. I went on an African so, by the way, tomorrow, tomorrow or Saturday, I'm meeting with super close friends from Mexico, like have a safari park. This

Speaker 2  12:26
is so weird. It is so uncanny there.

Speaker 1  12:30
And he, he was the head vet, and she was the daughter of the owner. And the owner, the owner was, he was a radio host for Hispanic Latino channel in in California, okay, and his wife, or his then there was a caller who would listen in, and that person became his wife. She's, she's, actually, she's American. They moved to Mexico. Anyways, they had, they had a bunch of kids, and he had this wild idea of of a, of a safari park. So in the early years, I mean, they're scraping by all the money is going to land like, this is like, this is crazy, yeah, this is decades ago. So tragically, someone stepped out of the vehicle to take a photo. This woman wanted to take a photo of a lion. It's a drive through safari park, like it's Yeah, and he was the first responder and and dove in front and like, and he, he ended up dying so, so and the wife died from cancer, and then the oldest had to raise seven kids, and she's like, she's like, a 20 year, 20 year old, and she made it what it became. And it's, it's beaten Disney and certain award categories for parks. And they've, they've done amazing, like, uh, last thing I'll share, like, 10 years ago, they got called about like these elephants that none of the other parks could take, or none of the other I would call them refuges would take baby elephants. The parents had died, and they chartered a 747, and loaded like six baby elephants into it and flew them to Mexico. So they're very They're insane, but they the head that, the head that married the dog, this daughter and the daughter of the anyways, he became a pass. Her. And so he left, like, he left everything, and that, that was my pastor So, and she's like, on fire for missions, and she was the first believer in the family, and pretty, pretty wild that they're like, people like that exist. My parents helped them adopt their first there's one of their kids at their third kid. But anyways, I I, they do not like cages.

Speaker 1  15:47
Went on, went on African Safari. I don't think you need I don't think you need this. Yeah,

Speaker 2  16:00
I knew I couldn't get go back to the places I'd been.

Speaker 1  16:13
Or, yeah, you can delete that, but sorry, let me go back just a second

Unknown Speaker  16:21
and okay.

Unknown Speaker  16:26
What does it say? For a while, I was

Unknown Speaker  16:28
able to keep

Speaker 2  16:31
so this could actually be the first for a while, I was able to keep pushing forward with what I built. I had a clear path and business partners to work out next steps.

Unknown Speaker  16:43
Yeah, however, the

Speaker 2  16:46
more comfortable I became with myself, the less comfortable I became with the places I've been. I felt like occasionally went on an African Safari. I tasted enough.

Speaker 3  17:00
I so this,

Speaker 1  17:05
I got a line here. I think it's pretty good. Okay,

Speaker 1  17:15
oops, oh no. How do I how do I go back? CTRL, Z, no, I won't give a comment back. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  17:27
there's a comments thing.

Unknown Speaker  17:35
You just lead it. I

Speaker 1  17:47
uh oh, shoot, I literally had a good one. Tommy, I wonder if I turn I'm going to turn my Wi Fi off, and I wonder if I have another document you're gonna say, I'm

Unknown Speaker  19:19
Okay, thank

Unknown Speaker  19:48
Hey,

Unknown Speaker  19:57
able to keep pushing and.

Unknown Speaker  20:03
Oh, I had a clear path.

Unknown Speaker  20:14
You find it? Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  20:16
just put it here. I

Unknown Speaker  20:27
The uncertainty quote, yes,

Unknown Speaker  20:37
you can even tie this back to the the safety of my concrete jungle

Speaker 1  20:48
is that too. I like conventional wisdom because then it leads into, uh, conferences, business strategists, programs, right? That's the conventional wisdom. That's the best, quote, unquote best practices.

Speaker 2  21:16
Okay, in some ways, but then there was also a point at which I felt like I was spinning my wheels. It's almost like

Unknown Speaker  21:30
you could say you could say it wasn't sustainable,

Unknown Speaker  21:39
just like that.

Speaker 1  21:42
Well, or at least, either it wasn't sustainable, or it was a process of anxiety, right?

Unknown Speaker  21:53
Um,

Speaker 1  21:56
okay, you're you're leading to you. Maybe, okay, you, you, you had a grounded, more grounded self, but maybe you weren't. This is all about the practical. The practical wasn't as clear,

Speaker 2  22:17
which is kind of weird. It's not even the practical part, but it's, it really was a smorgasbord of I had this on my con today with, with the guy, he's like, rattling off all these things I know, but it's not the thing. I'm like, What? What is the thing? And when he finally lands on the thing, I'm like, that's the thing. And why aren't you doing that thing? Well,

Speaker 1  22:50
I think it's maybe this is it. This is where you talk about being a simplifier, right? It was all this was all a bunch of complexity. I like it

Speaker 1  23:13
more, you're you're, you're you're cluttering you

Unknown Speaker  23:23
I'd say clutter is

Speaker 1  23:28
this, is this is what I This is where my models is a cluttered mind, lacks the necessary headspace, regrets. So you got his he's looking down, he's studying. He got a

Speaker 2  23:56
disassemble, and then, you know, build it. It.

Speaker 1  24:08
Outside advice, that's, that's, that's the whole point of inner knowing is, is listening. It's not being overwhelmed by these you know the outside voices.

Speaker 2  24:24
I mean, another example is a little bit like having, I mean, fellow roundtable member doing this actually repeatedly. The guy's freakishly brilliant. He and I have a lot of similarities, very much the alchemy live performance kind of work that we want to do. He's tapped into the high ticket space that I haven't but Bob rigneros basically said, you're, you're, you have too many. Enters and you're having to spend too much time sorting through what you should do. It's like too many tabs open,

Speaker 1  25:10
okay? Too many chefs in the kitchen. Yeah, I've always felt one one guru at a time, because I've made the mistake of having having multiple certification programs going at once. That's funny, which is also a farm, which is also a form of control, like that's in self protection and self protection, okay?

Unknown Speaker  25:49
Um, parent, 101, coaches and mentors.

Speaker 2  25:57
I don't really enjoy the really resonate with the shed. Too many chefs in the kitchen

Unknown Speaker  26:00
kind of thing. Well, sure, the

Speaker 2  26:04
more I learned, more complex my world became. I mean, couldn't it just be this, this simple momentum ground to a halt?

Speaker 1  26:15
Yeah, you could say I was ready. You're like, you're ready to launch, but your energy's diffused. You're going in multiple directions.

Unknown Speaker  26:27
Ooh, I

Speaker 1  26:45
but I wasn't channeling my energy in in a focused direction.

Speaker 1  26:57
Um, because you had all these competing voices, competing strategies you could say, or competing competing voices, competing voices. It really is about competing voices. And maybe that's where, that's the inner doubt, am I? Am I on the right path?

Speaker 2  27:35
Let's talk schizophrenia like,

Speaker 2  27:59
every opportunity, at every bend, I heard all of the competing voices. Everyone had

Speaker 3  28:12
their path. Had the path that I should take. I um, everyone had a path. Everyone was

Speaker 1  28:27
everyone was certain about the path I should take,

Speaker 3  28:35
certain about the path I should take. Except for me,

Unknown Speaker  28:42
well, it's more like these voices contradict each other.

Speaker 2  28:50
The more I fought to make everyone a certain about what if we put this in the middle. At every bend I heard each of the competing voices?

Unknown Speaker  29:03
Yeah, maybe not schizophrenia, but you could say, add

Unknown Speaker  29:07
on the spectrum. Well, I

Unknown Speaker  29:10
mean, I don't know that it's necessary, sure.

Unknown Speaker  29:22
Um, my voice only

Unknown Speaker  29:27
was lost in the crowd.

Speaker 2  29:36
I kind of like that. Do you have any do

Unknown Speaker  29:43
something, something I'm

Speaker 1  29:50
trying to forget. Remember was the creative act Rick Rubin. He talks about the. Uh, two channels we tune into. And one is, we need to be in solitude, and one, one is we need to be in a crowd. Um, not, not saying that needs to be incorporated, but you do sometimes you do need to be exposed to like, hey, what's on the radio? It's like, just, I'm just going to pick up anything. It doesn't matter where it is. I need to be exposed to culture life. Other times you need to go to the desert, right? Well,

Speaker 2  30:35
but there's a difference between. It's like, you can only follow one profit at a time, which you talked about. It's also different than being in a company of dissenting profits. That's fair, that's fair and and there's a difference between, I have my inner knowing, which is what Perry talks about with Renaissance time, but I'm going to go to the concert and I'm going to hang out at I mean, it's kind of

Speaker 1  30:59
like it's more you're you're more about the I had all these experts that

Speaker 2  31:06
it's even very different than, hey, I'm going to kick back. I mean, Mark Riffey talked about round table, and amn for a while just being his res. I think round table, Vegas Renaissance time and just giving him excuses like not forcing monetary return. And I think there's certain types of business things where you're like, you have to be very intentional, but I'm just going to show up, kick up my feet, I don't know, maybe something interesting. Maybe not.

Unknown Speaker  31:32
That was PC.

Speaker 2  31:35
It's so interesting. You say that, I think, by the way, content curriculum is great. Well anyway, maybe we can too many speaking of turn, yeah,

Speaker 1  31:44
go ahead, I just had invested. I had literally invested 12k and gotten a lot of the programs, and they wouldn't, they wouldn't credit, they wouldn't like, yeah, so it was kind of like I paid, I paid twice over for quite a few things. So

Speaker 2  32:07
I think there's something, the more that I don't understand it, early on, okay, early on, before I could afford Perry. I remember the first time, by the way, that I ever booked a consult with Perry, which was one of the most terrifying moments of my life

Unknown Speaker  32:25
in its own right, but

Speaker 2  32:29
early on and more so now I feel like McGee has taken much more of a drive to guarantee, I don't know, drive the drive down the checklist and shows that with a lot more need to perform and get the answer, I guess I don't even know what it is, or maybe, or maybe it's my journey. Early on in my journey, it was like a blessing to get somebody who was that close to Perry at a discount. Yeah. And I think, anyway, I don't know, well,

Unknown Speaker  33:06
I think for me, McGee was he wasn't actually driving anything, and I would, I told him, like, Hey, you drive this. So it was actually the other way.

Unknown Speaker  33:22
Interesting.

Unknown Speaker  33:24
So competing voices,

Unknown Speaker  33:27
my voice was lost.

Speaker 1  33:32
I mean, inner doubt is like is sourced from confusion. So competing voices, I uh, yeah, okay, you and I. Oh.

Speaker 2  33:47
The Michael Jordan syndrome is also

Unknown Speaker  33:55
it's another aspect of the outside advice. People didn't look only looked at, okay, this is a long riff. I don't think we can bring it in, or should, but

Speaker 2  34:08
if you're driven by opportunity, people will tell you, Oh, you could be a fill in the blank. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  34:17
I have lots of people tell me that, yeah.

Speaker 2  34:21
It's like, No, I mean, I could I'm not looking for the I could be. I'm looking for the I am

Unknown Speaker  34:30
and I will be. Or I choose this,

Unknown Speaker  34:33
or I choose this. I

Unknown Speaker  34:44
I hate sales sometimes in this space.

Unknown Speaker  34:51
Well, I don't know if you want to talk about inner knowing, quite yet,

Speaker 2  34:56
it's the inner doubt that my voice was lost in. Crowd.

Speaker 1  35:02
So what's the time? What's the time that you second guess your inner knowing, your intuition and or your wife's in inner knowing, or right? So there's some story that you had the signal, but the noise interfered.

Unknown Speaker  35:33
When have I not what is painful

Speaker 2  35:45
in my rush to one of the things Kerry helped me with was giving myself permission not to niche down too quickly

Unknown Speaker  35:56
and break rules.

Speaker 2  36:01
And early on, before that, before much of anything, I had a team member who is very we have to be a little careful how I talk about this, but very black and white binary. I know what I want and no tolerance for gray and uncertainty. And in a one day with my coach, my drive to niche down in looking at a weird pattern of software clients that we had led us down the path of nonprofit consulting, which was

Unknown Speaker  36:48
not profit. Yep, it was

Speaker 2  36:54
one of the biggest wastes of one of the many big wastes of the money in my life. I

Speaker 1  37:05
I literally, I freed up 2000 maybe it was 2500 a month for my cousin. We'll say 2000

Unknown Speaker  37:17
and then I was going to charge him something nominal. And he, he signed up for like, a 1500 a month marketing thing. And I'm sure it's, I'm sure it's good stuff, but it's like, it's like, it's like, I just got you like,

Speaker 2  37:41
yeah, you're, it's like a mask, not completely transparent statement.

Unknown Speaker  37:46
What's that

Speaker 2  37:47
you're, I'm sure it's good. Was not a completely transparent and honest statement. Well, I

Speaker 1  37:52
think, I think when you know, when they're talking about a book or podcast or these other things. I think all those are great, sure, but they're but they're not right for him.

Speaker 2  38:11
How do you personally gage what's right for people

Speaker 1  38:16
I really like Tim Francis Z's unique opportunity. You need timing and you need resources. Okay, that's, that's at least, at least with technical things, it's very easy to determine, oh, this isn't for you, not for at least a year, right?

Unknown Speaker  38:40
What's the unique?

Unknown Speaker  38:43
Can you break it down?

Speaker 1  38:46
Well, I'm thinking about what's the bottleneck, where the constraints for him, it was cash flow. And so we change the hours of one of his employee and right size the role for someone else, that freed up 2000 2000 a month, and literally, his employee told me, told him sorry. Hey, thank you so much, like for what you've done. Like I it's been great being a part of this. My friends have wondered how I'm paid so much. And he was actually grateful for being like

Speaker 2  39:31
being back in the honest pay scale. Um, but do you see?

Speaker 1  39:37
Oh, so, so. So, I think this is a real I was listening to his inner voice. I don't know the employee, but he but he was just telling me where there was a lack of confrontation in the business. Yeah, my language would. It's so it's just like, Okay, well, that's the common sense thing. This is a year long thing. You've told me multiple times you are, you're a risk avoidant, and you so it's, it's, I know you're a kind, generous, right? So it's easy to map some of these things out and be like, Well, I think you're overdue. And he was over

Speaker 2  40:26
long overdue. There's also another Josh long ism with that. It's another Josh longism. There's always one or one employee, an employee or two to fire, oh, one or two to move, one or two to bring on board.

Speaker 1  40:40
Yeah, and, but he used, used, he used the money to be part of the program, right,

Speaker 2  40:52
right, which, because he didn't deal with, well, I have an opinion that ends up being an internal state thing, potentially,

Speaker 1  41:02
go ahead. Well, my thing is, and I, I've made the same, I've made the same decisions as he, yeah, and I, it's, it's that he hasn't learned, he hasn't upgraded his identity and and learned the cash flow lesson, right? So he's always gonna repeat that

Unknown Speaker  41:23
until he's learned that lesson.

Speaker 1  41:27
But anyways, multiple so voices,

Speaker 2  41:30
one other question. Sorry, we'll get back on track. What do you see as my biggest constraint?

Speaker 1  41:36
Your biggest constraint? Oh, man, I would say you're trying to meet, okay. This is me. This is me channeling Tim Francis. And I had this thought at the beginning, but I was want you to take the lead. Maybe I wasn't, maybe I wasn't ready to just confront at the beginning. So your bottleneck, I would say, and I think this is self imposed, and I think I don't think you're blind to this, I think it's just chosen, is you're trying to meet 16k by a deadline. Deadlines add frustration, right? Especially when you don't lay out options to get to that deadline. To you, don't lay out the opportunities. So timing is the most important thing. And you're really trying to get the acorn seed of a new business, but like, extract, I don't know, get, get, like, the full grown tree. So in and I think being bold and being like, I think all of that's good, and I think it's an accelerant. And I think you need, I think you need some foolishness to, like, have a new venture. So all of that, I'd rather or you, I think, I think you're, it's good to be good leaders are impatient with results, and so all of this, I think, I think is, is fine. It's just that if, if I was going to the drawing board, I would be, I would more be like, Okay, well, what's been the easiest money in the past, right? Is there money owed to you? Right? I just have a more open conversation about, what, what the fast path to 16k It's

Speaker 2  44:10
and fill in with, yes, I have had a stubborn constraint, rightly or wrongly, that this is the lane I'm running in,

Speaker 1  44:20
yeah, which you've chosen, that that's your prerogative, but,

Speaker 2  44:24
but it doesn't mean that it's the right thing. Doesn't mean it's the wrong thing. Just is,

Unknown Speaker  44:37
I think, I think good.

Speaker 2  44:40
I think you could change it to what is the fastest path to 16k that does not distract me and does not distract me from building this?

Speaker 1  44:51
Oh, okay, that's a great that's a great question. I I felt I'm okay with what. You're doing. I mean, I think you, when you wake up at night and you've got these moments with God like, I think they're little confirmations. That doesn't, I think, I think that that doesn't mean there's a path of least resistance that, right, right, like you could still be confirmed in in all of this, but I don't think it's I think there's boldness, but then I think there's brute forcing it. So you've, you've been more open to little things like, hey, maybe have a manifesto, maybe have, like, a bigger grounding for this. And I think all that's great, because it easily could have been like you could easily see how premature it could have been, because I don't want it just to be a buddy a buddy thing, get feedback, right, right? Like, I feel like this isn't, this is taking more shape. And I'm honestly astounded at how fast it's taken shape, because I've worked with, like, I've worked with people who like, oh my gosh, they they can't make a decision like my, my one client, great client. I did lots of work for Eric, but she, she couldn't pull the trigger on a like a mid level, uh, CRM, and you, you made a decision in 10 minutes. So like I want to I, I think that's a great part of you that you're not getting hung up on a lot of things. But big picture wise, there are multiple paths to 16k

Speaker 3  46:59
i But

Speaker 2  47:04
my biggest thing, there's two things that are competing. One, I mean, this is a vivianism. You can't rush a birth. The baby will come when it's ready. You will scream bloody murder until it's here, right? But the baby is not going to be rushed. It has its own timetable. So that is one lesson I think I have learned, and and everything inside of me this, the last two months have felt like contractions, like I don't know how else to say it. Things become so uncomfortable when you have to give birth to this thing.

Speaker 1  47:40
That's an inner knowing, that's an inner knowing, and I think that's like strategy, like strategy is structure, it's not spirit, right? So, right, you feel there's spirit. I think that's that's good.

Speaker 2  48:03
It makes sense. I'm frighteningly calm. My my Kevin, my spiritual

Unknown Speaker  48:13
director, information guy,

Speaker 2  48:17
keeps reminding me he asked me. Keeps asking me, who, in the Bible, really leaned in and trusted fully on God and was not provided for, which is a really frustrating but comforting question, and I think I've silenced a lot of the things in my head. But I think it could be, it could very easily get into this place of panic if I didn't really

Unknown Speaker  48:43
anyway, so there you go.

Speaker 1  48:47
To be interesting. I was just curious, for full self disclosure, I'm I'm at peace, and I'm at peace, even knowing, from the beginning I thought, I just didn't, I didn't see a path to 16k so I'm, I want it to be, not this isn't To like, you know, over over value my role, but I wanted as much as I could. I wanted to be the stability for whatever you're doing next.

Speaker 2  49:33
I've also asked the question, reasonably speaking, what is the real runway I should be looking at. And

Unknown Speaker  49:50
anyway, I'm not sure

Speaker 1  49:52
I think the nicest thing would be is get paid money from. Um consulting that covers your bases. Yep, and anything extra, and we're talking like, you know you're you're stripping down whatever trip or nice thing to have or whatever. It's just anything extra is just free time for you to explore. Think about deep in the work build the community, right? But right? No, yes, but don't. Don't you know the the baby doesn't support the adult, like the adult supports the baby. Okay, so,

Speaker 2  50:39
but the question I'm asking legitimately is, can this thing move quickly enough into consulting work that feeds the community, or am I placing undue, unrealistically high expectations on it?

Speaker 1  50:58
I think I think it's okay to move fast, and then when you hit a wall, just be quick to realize you hit a wall. I think that's the hard part. The hard part is knowing, and I don't know what that would mean, but it's like, it's, it's being able to tell yourself, I am forcing it versus right? This is being forced upon me through me.

Unknown Speaker  51:31
Yes, I think it makes sense. I think it makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  51:37
Okay, um,

Unknown Speaker  51:44
inner doubts,

Speaker 1  51:46
are you? Are you able to have a conversation around finances? Sure, okay, I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai