Matthias Miller  00:00
Kevin, welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith in the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David kritner, once again, before we dive in, I want to recap three guiding principles that we that we live by. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We're not here to win arguments, but to understand and third, we don't come with preset agendas. We're here to let conversations unfold naturally and follow where authenticity leads us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So given last night you sent over this bulleted list about humility, and suggested that we dive into the topic. And it inspired me to spend a little bit of time. And you suggested defining humility as the desire to learn, and I wanted to explore with you kind of, what's the what's the basis for that as a definition, and maybe start

Speaker 1  01:06
there. Yeah, oh, wow, just start there.

Speaker 1  01:14
Before I jump into that. The comments that I've been getting about the podcast is, you laugh a lot like all right, fair,

Matthias Miller  01:28
we don't know whether is that

Speaker 1  01:30
good? Is that bad? I know that. I know, yeah. So, I mean, we'll need some comments about that. But yes,

Matthias Miller  01:38
angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.

Speaker 1  01:40
So there you go, there you go. And what? What better reference than Chesterton?

Matthias Miller  01:47
Right? Exactly. There's no better way to sort of start off an episode.

Speaker 1  01:51
Yeah, yeah. So humble, or Humility is the desire to learn. I was talking with a friend yesterday, and she brought that up. She had heard it somewhere. And I was like, it was like, one of those, those moments where, like, there was just, like a lightning flash and then clarity. And I was like, Oh, that's interesting. Yeah, maybe. And so just to, like, start off, like, you know, the ability, or the desire to learn that takes a certain posture, and the posture it takes, just on a very fundamental human level, is, I don't know everything, And so that's what that's where my wheels started turning, was, I don't know everything, and that's a very humble place to be in

Unknown Speaker  02:49
and

Speaker 1  02:53
growing up, all the cultural context around it, whether it's church or it's society in general, or those kind of things, like, humbleness was made to me in a few words, was making yourself less than lessening yourself, and that started to rub me wrong within, you know, like within the last 10 years or so, like, is that really what it means To Be humble. Is that what Jesus is talking about when it means to be when he's talking about being humble, and it's almost like it culminated yesterday in this conversation with this friend, and then, like, immediately I got in the car, just started like, writing notes and like, but what does that title? This does that tie to this? Does that tie this? And you got the whole, like, download of everything that popped into my head as I was talking about that.

Matthias Miller  03:50
Well, you got my wheels turning because I started looking up, you know, what's, what was the Hebrew understanding of humility, what's, what's the understanding of pride? And one of the things that surprised me a little bit, or that intrigued me a bit, was that there's this sense of, some people define humility as finding our rightful place in God's world. But there's, there's this sense that there's a and I've also heard it said it's, you know, there's a million definitions. It's not about thinking less of yourself. It's thinking of yourself less and all these things. But the thing, the thing that emerged in some of what you know, my my amateur digging into this in the last 12 hours, was humility. Is about embracing truth and reality, and not just embracing it, but a willingness to a willingness to embrace it. It seems to me, which which can only happen in pride. Proverbs talks a lot about the proud, the proud. The proud are unwilling to admit their faults, unwilling to learn and unwilling to accept. Up counsel, and ultimately, it's an unwillingness to and the pride the proud deny God. It's an unwillingness to embrace reality. So there's some sense in which this whole, this whole thing, revolves around a willingness to embrace truth in what is real and you can't and even learning is that the desire to learn is that. So the admission of I don't know everything, is simply a posture of openness to there is a reality that that I have don't have a full perspective on, but there's also this understanding that I can learn and embrace it, and it just struck me that it just struck me no new lights and humility position like this In light of this idea of embracing reality.

Unknown Speaker  05:59
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  06:04
Yeah, yeah, truth is what is. Truth is reality. And then the lie is fantasy, what is not, what should have, could have would have been. And so in that dynamic, there's the idea that what is before me, what lesson is before me, what does this person have to teach me? What do I need to share with this person that I'm in the conversation with? Like that is humility. It's giving and receiving at the same time we're in making yourself less. There's almost a supplicant position where you're only receiving. But the truth is, in humility is is giving and receiving. It's both. It's knowing and being known.

Unknown Speaker  07:07
And maybe we just get locked into knowing. If I know, then I'm safe,

Speaker 1  07:15
then I can stand in this place. I've got my defensive walls put around me. If I know all of these things, that cuts you off from the being known. Really interesting dynamic. As I was processing it, I was drawn back to Jesus's statement about children. Unless you're like one of these little ones, you have no part of the kingdom. Okay, start to think about kids. My friend was telling me, another friend I was talking to yesterday was telling me about he was leading worship at a church, and he and his wife together, and the church is really kind of, I guess, he was saying, like, informal or, you know, that kind of thing. So, like, the kids are kind of, like running around in the sanctuary, like during the service, and so he's leading worship, and he sees his daughter, she's in kindergarten, so five, maybe run up onto the stage, and then she eats it, she falls and so his wife picks her up, and like, you know, takes her over, and like, they're singing together, they lead it together. And all of a sudden his wife is gone. Like, oh, what I do. But in that moment he was he was thinking, he's like, like, think of the freedom that she had in that moment, to just explore, to be curious, what's up on the stage. My parents are on the stage. I want to be up there. You know, it was just a sense of freedom and, like, maybe that's part of what Jesus is talking about, unless you're curious, like one of these little ones, unless you want to know, unless you ask questions, unless you want to learn, then you have no part in the kingdom.

Unknown Speaker  09:16
Maybe there's something there.

Matthias Miller  09:18
There's a sense of surrendering dignity and surrendering your ability to I mean, in many, in many ways, having the answer is what gives you that gives you dignity and surrendering the answer. So there's a few I could finish that thought, then I just repeat what I said earlier. So there's no point in doing that. But like, like, there's a few threads, a couple threads here, that really jumped out in this whole idea. Because if this is an embrace of reality, and this is about receiving, then there's an admission. Like, let's just talk about a. Humility in terms of our abilities, there's an admission of competence. There's an admission of the boundaries of competence, the which also are boundaries of incompetence, where does, where do our abilities start and stop? Where does our our knowledge start and stop? But there's also this humility is also admitting neuroplasticity, our ability to learn, evolve, adapt, change and grow. And so it's not just about staying fit. Humility doesn't keep you fixed or locked in, but true humility actually acknowledges that there's opportunity for growth. There's there's also this other angle that I've run into as well, in the context of humility being childlike, is people sometimes conflate childlikeness with being gullible and being, you know, becoming open to deception. And I think especially within the church, there's a lot of questions that get silenced because, well, it's outside of the bounds of our understanding. And how do you how do you embrace, shall we say, orthodoxy, while remaining open to questions that you know. I What does that end up looking like?

Speaker 1  11:29
That the statement you made like, how do you embrace orthodoxy while still being able to question? That's a fascinating question.

Speaker 2  11:40
I when

Speaker 1  11:46
the writers of the Constitution sat down and decided to put together a document to guide the government, they knew that they didn't know everything, and so what they included in it was the ability to change it, to have it grow the amendment process, and I think that that's wisdom. They knew that they couldn't predict everything that was going to come about. Did their best with what they had, but there's no way they could have predicted what was going to come about. And so like it seems like, the openness to change, to adjust, is an essential part of what it means to follow God. You know, it's sanctification. Over time, that path of walking like the system was designed to be dynamic, has to be because we live in a dynamic world. But that knowing seems to be static. I know this is how it goes. This is how I'm operating, very black and white. And what kind of wounding happens in the black and whiteness? What kind of wounding happens in the dynamic nature? There's no escaping wounding, honestly, either we're going to learn from it or we're going to avoid it at all cost. It brings to mind that the scripture you know Jesus says, I'm sending you out amongst like sheep amongst wolves, you need to be as wise as serpents and as innocent as doves. Talk about a dynamic system. Be innocent, as devs, pure of heart, clear motives, you know, all that kind of stuff, and be shrewd. Be discerning, so that gullible nature that people think about like, if you had to choose, would you be shrewd or would you be gullible?

Speaker 1  14:12
And I think only the tension of a life lived under the the header of seek Me first, and my righteousness and all these things will be added unto you, like my, my view, my my my worldview, my my direction, my everything has to be directed at him.

Unknown Speaker  14:37
I'm going to seek you

Speaker 1  14:41
and humility in that, like I don't understand this. This makes zero sense to me. Why is this happening? Maybe I get answers to that. Maybe I don't. But humility is, I guess this is a season for me to learn.

Matthias Miller  15:03
I think the hardest lessons are are sometimes the ones where it's not clear what it is to be learned, and sometimes what you should be learning, and sometimes the only thing that's really clear is what you shouldn't be learning. So I think it's very tempting and suffering in challenging situations to it can be very easy to learn, you know, to learn things like, the world isn't safe, or I'm not safe in the world God isn't faithful. Like those are lessons that that I think our enemy wants us to learn through those, to to embrace, and he's he's the teacher of those. But it's not always clear. So it can be clear during suffering that that's not the conclusion I need to be coming to, but it's not always clear in the middle of a situation, the middle of chaos, what am I supposed to be making of this?

Speaker 1  16:05
Yeah, yeah, what do this horrific situation that is before me? Like, what am I supposed to make of this? Like, if, if you, if you can figure that out in the moment, oh, man, more power to you. You're better than me, but in that moment, it's that submission, right, that humility like this is this hurts. My soul is being cracked open. I don't know what to do, but I trust you, and that doesn't mean the pain goes away. That doesn't mean the situation gets better. It simply just means that I have nothing else, but I'm going to trust in you.

Matthias Miller  16:54
There's a sense in which it feels like utter mockery to be talking to God and saying, I'm open to learn. I want to learn what you have to say and then not get the lesson.

Speaker 2  17:08
All right, what

Speaker 1  17:15
do you do in that moment? I think my impulse in many situations has been, okay, you're not talking then I'm going to start fixing. This is what I need to do. I'm not even sure this is what I need to do. This is the thing that comes to mind, right? So I'm going to do that thing. Wow. I'm Wow,

Matthias Miller  17:46
and where it's just a hair brain, let's run in this direction, because doing something, going somewhere, beats, beats doing nothing and and to be fair, like there is a walking that needs to happen when you're in the middle of this, but, but maybe, maybe discerning between walking and escaping,

Unknown Speaker  18:10
right, right?

Speaker 1  18:13
Well, maybe there's a wandering in the desert that's absolutely necessary in that process. Maybe there's the 40 years in the desert that is absolutely necessary in that process, and maybe that's where humility is built. There's two things that happen in the desert.

Matthias Miller  18:39
First, if you're wondering in the desert first, if you're wondering, in the desert, first of all, you get lost. And it's not possible to learn without getting lost in some some degree. And I think, I mean, I suppose you gain familiarity with the desert, but one of the things, I suppose, as well, is that you gain familiarity with unfamiliar territory. And I mean, we can think of a lot of examples, the children of Israel, coming out of Egypt, Abraham leaving the land of his fathers. There's many different ways in which God, I mean this to turn pretty loosely, but maybe it's not completely false term, but God would torment his people until they finally packed up and moved. And then they went into an unfamiliar place. And they had to familiarize themselves with this unfamiliar place. I mean, you look at Paul and the wrestling between, you know his his understanding of Judaism and how Christianity fits into that, and what's, what's Christ in this and like, like. So maybe the disorientation is a gift. Maybe it's the losing to get us to the point of not having answers. And maybe the, I mean, it's a simple word, shift from wondering versus. Exploring. And what's the

Speaker 1  20:01
difference, right? Yeah, and do you have space to explore, or do you have to know? Like bringing up that example of Paul, you know, he escapes Damascus right in a basket through the wall. And then, in Ephesians, he tells us that he spent a period of time in Arabia, like legitimately out in the desert. And who knows how long that was? Some people say it was three years. Some people say it was less or more, but like, he's out in the desert, you think he's wandering, he's exploring. He's coming to see who this Jesus guy actually is. I don't know if you can come to know who Jesus is without that wandering,

Unknown Speaker  20:58
without a destination. Mentioned, I took it was a geology class

Unknown Speaker  21:09
in college, years and years and years ago. And the guy who was teaching it, he was,

Speaker 1  21:18
he was Saudi Arabian, I forget he was Middle Eastern, but he talked about the shifting sands in the desert. And he said you could go buy a place, and you could go by an hour later, and it would look completely and utterly different, like there's sand storms, where you would have tsunamis of sand walls coming at you and completely transforms the landscape. And at least in my experience, it's felt like that a lot of the time. And so maybe it's not that you come to know the desert, but you become more like the environment that you've lived in.

Unknown Speaker  22:09
You become the desert. There's a humility in that, like the desert is teaching you lessons.

Speaker 2  22:20
Maybe that's the whole process when,

Matthias Miller  22:32
when you think of civilization, Civilization is built to protect you from acts of God, again,

Unknown Speaker  22:45
way beyond our control,

Matthias Miller  22:46
things way beyond your control. So you have nice to structured roads. You have protection from from, hopefully, hurricanes and tornadoes and tsunamis, and at least, depending where you're located, you try to build to mitigate the risk of that. You create an interdependent, you know, society, economy, so that nobody's hopefully left stranded. And you contrast that with the desert, where you are very vulnerable to these acts of nature, these, these forces of nature, Wind, Sand, you become incredibly subject to the environment. It's often harsh. And I mean is that, then the essence of the lesson,

Speaker 1  23:42
as you say, that makes me think, like the march towards progress. It's really, at least in my mind, an effort to make life easier, more comfortable, and in that sense, it's disconnecting us from the reality of life, right now, honestly, the chances that you're going to die

Unknown Speaker  24:08
are

Speaker 1  24:10
so statistically low in reference to Say, 200 years ago, there's a movie. I'm not suggesting anybody watch it, but it's called, I think it's called A Million Ways to Die in the West. And essentially it's just a farce of like, all the numerous ways that you could die living in the western United States at that time, like a wagon could roll over you. There could be a random stampede, there's a snake, there's Scorpion, there's all that kind of stuff. And you're like, Yeah, that's a reality of it, you know, go back to the 1300s you know, all of a sudden there's this plague sweeping through Europe, and 33% of the population of Europe dies. Yeah, and it's essentially a plague carried by fleas that that had been on rats. And, you know, it's just like, boom, move on and play. There we go. And I was reading this book. It was a historical fiction book. It was talking about all the methods that they tried to solve the plague, and this one character is like, hey, maybe we should isolate these people. Maybe we should protect ourselves. Maybe we should all do all these things. Like, no, no, no, that's not what we do. We need to bleed them. But in that sense, there's this line where, yeah, that's that's really healthy, like, like, you look at disease, and the number one thing that will stop diseases from spreading is being mindful of hygiene number one, and that's a wonderful thing. You go back to the commandments. A lot of them are hygiene related commandments, you know, and so like, like, yeah, there's a line where it's okay. Like, this is, this is being good stewards of our existence, taking care of ourselves, take care of others, that kind of thing. But the push has gone so far away from taking care of yourself to perfecting yourself. Could you imagine if we went back, let's say, 200 years into the end of the 1800s and we started talking to them about cosmetic procedures. Plastics are surgery,

Unknown Speaker  26:46
what?

Unknown Speaker  26:50
Excuse me,

Speaker 1  26:54
and it seems like very a very natural process within humanity, within certain environments. So ancient Rome, very successful, very very wealthy, very opulent, and that kind of stuff. And then the the opulence provides us comfort. And this comfort removes the motivation to actually be aware and be connected to reality, and eventually it declines and collapses.

Speaker 1  27:27
Is again, a lack of humility, like I have comforted myself so much that I don't have to deal with that reality.

Matthias Miller  27:47
I mean, under, underneath all of a lot of this is, is there nothing significant enough? Is there nothing I can pour myself into that's significant enough, that's worth my discomfort, because I mean, I look around, isn't that part of, part of the it's not natural for for humans to embrace discomfort, but we will just, we will embrace it for a higher cause of some kind, Even if that higher cause is just some future version of ourselves, right? Even if it's completely self seeking,

Unknown Speaker  28:29
even if it's vanity,

Matthias Miller  28:30
even if it's vanity. So I think one of the questions too is, so we've, we've talked in previous episodes about purpose being Union, but, but is there? No? I um, but, but what's the what's the fray that we should throw ourselves into?

Unknown Speaker  28:53
What's the fray?

Speaker 1  28:56
Big picture, and I think there could be circumstantial, individual phrase that God is leading us into, but I think big picture, the phrase that he's calling us to throw ourselves into is a We endeavor. What brings about we what brings about union? It's like I remember when I first started running, number of years ago, as overweight, high blood pressure, you know, all that kind of stuff. And I started running for me, lose weight, get the blood pressure under control, you know, all that kind of stuff. And I don't think that's an objectively bad thing, but if it stuck on me for the entirety of that process, I wouldn't have kept with it. I found in running that it was a meditative experience. I learned so much in that it was a meditative experience where when I was. Running, I could talk to God, and I could hear him more clearly. And there was a we that started to develop between he and I. And then also I started to think, like, oh, with me being more in shape, healthier, that that gives me the ability to go out and do things and be with people, and, you know, invite people into that space. You know, I got to meet new people. Like there was a big we that happened being at these massive, like races and talking to people I was there, you know, that kind of thing. Or even within, like my work, you know, encouraging clients to, you know, get out exercise, walk, go for run. You know, that kind of thing, not because it's going to, not solely because it's going to make you healthier, but to step into that place where there's potentially a we and so that was a circumstantial, individual one, but that we led to a greater we, kind of a buddy who's really into Jiu Jitsu. And he started training jiu jitsu because the girl he was a girl he was dating years ago, was into it. So he started that as a we, and really loved it. And then he started going to, he went to the same gym and got to know those people there, and developed a we there. And then started going to tournaments and developed a we there. And like, there was all this development of we that happened in the midst of it. And I think we have our circumstantial we's If they're done the right way, lead to a larger we. I just said we so much in that that discussion. But you know, it's about union, about we, about relationship, about connection, about a willingness to learn. And he says this fascinating. He's like, you're never going to perfect Jiu Jitsu. He's like, you're just not going to perfect it because, because you're you can practice all the forms and all the techniques and all that kind of stuff, and then the person you're rolling with could make a different decision, and then you have to adjust in that. And so he's like, it's this continual wrestling with it's a very desert experience, and that's what he loves about it. And he does. He works as, like, a project manager for construction company. He's like, I could not and he started that job after getting involved in Jiu Jitsu. He goes, I could not do the job I do now, if I hadn't have had that training in Jiu Jitsu, because the project management that I do, there is always something shifting, always something changing. Materials don't arrive. Somebody's late, somebody does the wrong process. He's like, I have to learn to roll with it. And jiu jitsu gave him that, that mindset, that to roll with whatever comes in front of you. Like, to me, that's a that's a sacrament. That's another thing that like is blowing my mind recently is the concept of a sacrament, like the the tangible, realistic thing in my hands, that is a doorway to the eternal, you know, and that was a sacrament for him. It was a tangible, real life, lived experience that was a doorway into the conversation God wanted to have with him. And to me like that's that's humility, that's learning, that's beautiful, the desert experience.

Matthias Miller  33:56
I can't remember if I talked about this in the podcast or not, but I did some I don't think it did, but for folks who don't know, I started writing code when I was, like, eight or nine years old, and I had I did some interesting I did some research because I was curious. I was like, what's the impact of a kid doing something like that at such a young age, like, you know, there's screen time, there's all this other type of stuff. And the what I found was actually pretty logical. It was that if you do that as a kid, you're going to develop great logic, you know, improve critical thinking and those types of things, and you're also going to find yourself falling short on social skills, because, you know, you're not developing those very logical response the fascinating thing in which you're describing here is that it's it's that experience has given me and. A an ability to spot patterns, repeatable patterns, in what a lot of people would identify as chaos. But it's also given me this like, like, it's, it's, in some sense, given me this false foundation for life in which there's a deep part of my psyche that that expects life to be predictable and controllable, because that's exactly the environment that you're in. And if something goes sideways, you can identify the issue and correct it and prevent it from happening again. It's very much a closed, stable system, and but it, but it's so, so it's, it's at its strengths, but it's also come with its weaknesses. It's, it's interesting to think about some of these other types of experiences that intentionally create alternative ways of thinking about the world. Yeah,

Speaker 1  36:05
what was that experience like for you? Eight or nine years old, writing code, and then, you know, what was that experience like for you?

Matthias Miller  36:18
I mean, it was, I mean, there's parts of it that, in some ways, it it like it was, it was this fascinating venture into almost like an alternate universe, because There's so much imagination that's accessible, so much creative output that can be, that can be had, I think, I mean, just one silly example, a friend of mine came to visit visit when I was, I don't know it was maybe 12 years old, something like that. And we created a, an A A Milne themed text editor, and you could, you could toggle between different modes. So Tigger would make the window jump across the screen. Winnie the Pooh mode would would cause certain keys to repeat five times, and sometimes you had to hit it five times to get a keystroke in. Christopher Robin would recite poetry while you typed, and all these other types of things. So there was this, you know, these. So it really unlocked layers of creativity for myself. But as I'm, you know, as I reflected back, it's like, it's almost like the rest of the world became more confusing, like, I, I don't know if it was, I don't know what all contributed to it. I think some of it was just the matter of being in a messy environment. But but also compounded by not spending enough time around people and in those messy environments to learn to make sense of what the underlying structure, if any, there is in these types of in those types of environments. So, right, right,

Speaker 1  38:29
yeah, you found a space where you felt like you belonged. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For me, that was books like in a very chaotic, messy environment didn't make sense. Like I could find a place in a book, I could invest myself in a story, I could live in that world for a time, like there was, I don't know if I've told this story before, I may have they tell about my brother's car accident. Yeah, yeah. So like that I and add on to that was like afterwards, what I do remember is, like, I just went deep into books. And I remember reading two in particular, Treasure Island

Unknown Speaker  39:30
and then the Hobbit.

Speaker 1  39:32
And I can't tell you how many times I read those back to back, maybe alternating, maybe finish it, go back to the beginning, and I look back now, and it was like that world was safe for me, because the world outside was not. And I found this space where I could be safe. And I wonder if that's. A child's introduction into the reality of the world. And this, this place, is not safe for me, and so I find a way to make it safe for a lot of people that I know, especially in their late 20s, early 30s, mid to late 20s, video games are that place and online communities. I was talking to a friend yesterday, and she was saying how she had flown back east to go to a wedding, and it was people who she had never met in person, but knew via online, whether it was work or it was like a gaming community. And she was so nervous going, because what's it going to be like? This is the world's biggest, very scary place. And she went, had a fabulous time. Loved it, and it was a really profound experience for her that the real world with people in it, like interacting face to face, wasn't as dangerous or scary as it used to be. And I wonder how much, how much all of us are doing it, are performing a dynamic that's similar to that, whether it's with our work communities, or it's with our family communities, or it's an online community or whatever, like we find our people And we just latch on to that

Speaker 2  41:34
because it's safe. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  41:49
that's fascinating.

Matthias Miller  41:52
So I mean, jumping back to making sense of that experience, I actually there were other safe things for me. There were certain types of especially in a school context, certain things that I would specifically compete for because I knew I could win. I remember one was we did like this, read a thon where we're competing on what we weren't actually competing. It was, it was just a challenge to raise money for and and I remember within I was like in the I want to say, I think it was in the fourth grade or something, and I think it wrote, read pretty close to 10,000 pages in a month. And so I can identify with reading and books as being a safe space as well, I think, but it was also safety in certain levels of attainable achievements that I found safety in and and some of this is this sounds utter, utter, utterly ridiculous when you say it, but some of the most devastating things From high school, were the classes where I got B's instead of A's, right? And, you know, flip side, I should be grateful, because I had a lot of friends who who would have been happy with B's in some other classes, and couldn't, I couldn't see past that. It was just there was a terrible stain on my who I was, right? And I mean the point being so, so from, from so making sense of these places where we draw on safety, how much of the safety is a reflection of who we are as people who God has created us to be like, there's something about puzzles, about problem solving, about learning about creative worlds. In your case, like, like that that pulls you know, there's an intrigue with some of these safe places, but there's also, there can also be self protection in that.

Unknown Speaker  44:09
All right, all right. It makes me think

Speaker 1  44:20
when I'm really in my head, when I'm really overwhelmed, life is too much, thoughts are too much, feelings are too much. I will sit down with pen and paper and I'll just start writing, and inevitably, what comes out is poetry of some sort, and that's my way to process what I'm feeling and what I'm experiencing. And inevitably, at the end of that process, it may take an hour, it may take 10 minutes, it may take two days. Yes, but at the end of that process, I've expressed what it is that I need to express, and I've done that my whole life. There's a flip like sometimes it's very analytical, it's very A plus B equals C. Yeah, I struggle to say logical, because there's a ton of emotion in it, but there is logic there as well. And then sometimes it's poetry, like when, when I've reached the place that I can't understand this, I can't figure this out, this makes no sense to me, then immediately it goes to poetry, like late last week, early this week, just feeling a ton and just couldn't make heads nor tails of it. And so I sat down and started writing, and what came out was this poem that I called everlasting rain, and it's about baptism, and it's about the lament that God has over how we operate in this world. And it came out very like Walt with Walt Whitman esque, like, just epic with, you know, like, like, four movements within it, and that kind of thing. And it was just like, This is what I'm feeling right now. And when I wrote the last word, I was like, Okay, that's enough. I'm done. And I wonder if there's just something about how God designed us in that sense of the groanings that the spirit, the internal groanings that the spirit understands that whether it's lyric or it's prose, or it's poetry or whatever it is like, that's a way we can communicate it. And inside sets. It goes around the ego, it goes around the logic, it goes around the mind, goes around all that. And it's just like, No, this is here where I'm at, and that's become a safe space to me. But unlike before, where it was, I would retreat into books looking for answers. This is I'm just expressing what's in here. I'm putting it out there. And sometimes I share that, sometimes I don't, I mean, I looking at my journal cabinet I've got, it's a six foot tall cabinet with seven shelves, and it's packed with journals from over the years, like, that's how I've always been able to process it. And I think there's a desire to be known in there. And for the longest time, I wouldn't share any of it, like there's so many things that are in those journals that has never been shared with anybody. And yet, over the last probably five years, I've been curious to go back and to put it onto paper and to put it out into the world and say, Here, these are my thoughts. And I think that that's a very humbling experience. It's a very here's me, here are my thoughts. Here's what I've experienced. Does it resonate with you? Do you feel this? Am I the only one? And sometimes it's been like, No, you're the only one. Okay, I got you.

Matthias Miller  48:57
Fair enough. Fair enough. Yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  49:01
And sometimes it's been even just like the smallest comment, like, Hey, man, this really impacted me, this line here, or I really resonate with that. I get the automatic we I'm not alone. Okay, okay. Okay, like when I first started writing online, one guy, his name's John, lives in Massachusetts, wouldn't know him from Adam if I saw him on the street, but he was consistently highlighting, commenting, engaging with what I was writing. So thank you, John, if you're listening to this, because that gave me courage to go forward like John's hearing it. It's affecting one person, and not that it's changing his life or anything like that, but he's engaging with it, and that gave me. The courage to continue to to do it. And I think, from the messy environment, from the chaos when it was internal and living in the world of books, to be able to externalize, to write, to communicate what it is that that I'm thinking or feeling

Unknown Speaker  50:23
powerful. It's powerful.

Matthias Miller  50:29
So if you want to pull this back a layer deeper, I think one of the things, one of the things that we that I've wrestled with, is that, I mean, one of my mentors, encourages people to intentionally create space in their lives for this type of thing. But the problem is, there's very little definition for what this type of thing is. So in your case, your expression tends to be, tends to be recorded written, as in, written in words, right? Yeah, yeah. But I think it's, it's also appropriate to realize, because I've paid attention to me like, What are the things that help me process? And sometimes it's almost more about what are my meditative actions? So some, some of the ones for me are taking walks, conversations on the phone while I'm talking, conversations with chat GPT while I'm walking. These are not sub chat GPT is not a substitute for real people, don't get me wrong, whatever,

Unknown Speaker  51:24
but you gotta throw that caveat out there.

Matthias Miller  51:27
My brain works better when my mouth is moving and and so that's one element for me. It's also sometimes like literally building little widgets, tools, scripts, systems, like building something like that is is another thing I've recently gotten into, into Sudoku puzzles and like there's something about that process that that's really sometimes frustrating but also calming for me as well. So there's part of it which in which it feels like there's a certain set of activities that that calm our nervous system and whatever, for whatever reason and and that is, you know, that's almost like opening the doorway for expression sometimes, and sometimes the expression itself is that. But then there's also the artistic expression that comes out of that, and and so, so I think of life as life is the canvas. And so for a certain number of pieces, certain for certain people, it's words on a page. For for some people, it's it's music that's being played for some people, or songs being being written, or it's paintings being painted. It's systems being built. But I also think it's also, sometimes it's also live improv, it's it's the random, the conversation with the total stranger, the chat with with the barista, the the whatever the thing might be, this ephemeral, live moment that is not captured, but disappears into the ether, in some capacity that can be an art form of expression of yourself that I think can be every bit as powerful as putting words on a page, performance on us on a stage, if that's your thing, I got to be on a stage last week and and had a friend of mine help authors the script and take people through the roller coaster of a of a great talk and and the experience that experience, to me, is an art form. It's an expression of who I am. So I think, I think when you understand that, when you when you can broaden your your concept of what is what is art? What is expression? It can take the pressure off of, okay, well, I need to journal like Kevin does,

Unknown Speaker  54:11
right? Yeah, no, yeah.

Speaker 1  54:16
It does really, yeah. And there's, there are certain behaviors that that I exhibit that, like, for the longest time were so curious to me. Like, why are you drawn to this? And then, as I sit here now, like, makes total sense, like cryptography, I'm utterly fascinated by cryptography. You're like, like old like civil war documents that were written in code. And like going through and looking at the patterns and finding the patterns like that soothes my nervous system. Like seeing the pattern and the structure, like a buddy of mine, he's passed away since, but he. Like a family heirloom, was this box of letters that were written during the Civil War, and it was one of his uncles way back, was writing letters home, and he goes, you know, look at these letters, like, because he knows I love history and that kind of thing. I'm like, Yeah, let's do it. And so I look at one of them, and he was involved in the Battle of Atlanta, and he's writing home, but it's all in prose. And I'm like, Oh, this is fascinating. You're in the middle of a war zone, fighting for your country's life, and you know you're losing, and you have the mindfulness to write this letter home in prose, and as I read it, certain patterns started to emerge, certain phrases being repeated, certain punctuation, you know, that kind of thing. And I was like, this is a code. And I spent years pouring over that letter, trying to discern the code, and never discern the code. I don't know what was coded, but I saw the patterns, and I was like that soothed my nervous system. That was something I could put myself into, and that was something that I knew that was was good for me at that time, and I wonder if some of the things that we get involved in that we may feel a little bit of shame about, like, if we understand them from a different perspective, we could go, Oh no, this is very soothing to me, like it's okay. Like I have a lot of clients who are gamers and love those online communities, and they feel shame around it. They're in the dungeons and dragons, they're into Final Fantasy video game, all that kind of stuff. I'm like, they start talking to me about the experience there, and the connection with people online, and the lessons they're learning in the midst of and I was like, Why do you feel shame about this? Like, this is knowing yourself deeper and knowing other people deeper, like this is a connecting experience for you, because I'm just inside playing video games. Okay, we can get some fresh air, and that would be a great thing, objectively true. But why are we discounting this thing? Another one of my buddies, like on site trees, like, loves them, loves curating. And I don't know what you call it, curating it, you know, shaping it, all that kind of stuff. And when winter, they stay outside during summer and spring and summer. Then when winter comes, He brings them inside, and there's this whole process to take care of them, and like, he felt a lot of shame about that. It's a meditative process for you. Why are you feeling shame about this? Right? Because I'm a PhD, and I work in biotech, and I should be all focused on that. Like, imagine the pressure of that you're a PhD working in biotech, like, that's it pressurized. How are you going to release that pressure on site trees?

Matthias Miller  58:13
I can't think of a much better way. I mean, there's a lot of really worse ways to release pressure from working you.

Speaker 1  58:20
Believe, like, have you ever seen the Karate Kid? It seemed to work really well for Mr. Miyagi exactly, seemed to be a super peaceful dude.

Matthias Miller  58:33
I have a friend of mine who he was the CMO for for big tech companies in Silicon Valley, and the stress ended up coming to him, which is why he moved into our area and and one of the things that we were on the road to a conference together one time, he got started talking about gardening, because gardening is his meditative experience. And he was just talking about how many things about the kingdom, like he's he, you could sit down and have an interview with him, or like you could spend probably a day talking to him about all the things about gardening and how gardening is parallel for life, parallel for the kingdom, and all of these types of things. And it's for him that's his meditative act, that's but it's also the place where, where these lessons come alive. And I think one of the things that's, I think, like this, is maybe your this is, this is maybe your pathway through the through the underbrush, back to the original topic, which is, maybe we get there eventually. Yeah, some way the dots will connect. But but maybe part of the humility, part of the challenge that we face, is that when we're not around other people who are interested in receiving from us, we never unpack the lessons from those meditative experiences and and to your point, like there's so much shame around like, what's the point? Why? My cryptography and Sudoku and bonsai trees and like all these, like, these are such weird, weird things, like, what is that? What relevance does that have to the rest of the world? But if, but it's actually other people's curiosity and a and I know some of my biggest ahas about some of my biggest ahas around Systems Thinking came from curious conversations, from people completely outside of my realm of experience, asking me about things and and suddenly these lessons started to ignite.

Speaker 2  1:00:35
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:00:41
Maybe these experiences, Sudoku, cryptography, bonsai trees, running, whatever it is, maybe this is developing the we, between the Spirit in us, the Trinity in us, and in that meditative place, then we can go out and develop the we outside of that,

Speaker 1  1:01:09
maybe that humility, like in that place of we with The Trinity, there's such a humility that is developed there, and maybe in that place now we're ready to go. Like it just brings to mind, like John the Baptist, living out in the desert, you know, wearing camel skins and eating locusts, you know, like and he spent years out there, who knows how long? I mean, he's a little bit older than Jesus, less than a year older than Jesus, so maybe in his late 20s, early 30s. So how long has he spent out in the desert,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:52
decades?

Speaker 1  1:01:55
And then, like in that place of we with the Trinity, then he can come in and he can start speaking, completely and utterly, robbed of his own self image, robbed disabused of his own self image, his own ego, and then it can just be about we. I wonder if the busyness, the chaotic nature of our world, is the enemy's attempt to keep us from that way, from that silence and that solitude, and maybe that's what's so dangerous about making Religion part of the state is it's just a cog within the same machine, and I'm just running in that. And it takes away the the we developed in silence and solitude with the Trinity. And when we're robbed of that, then we're robbed of this as well. Maybe these, these experiences like we're talking about, are these meditative experiences, are a desert in and of themselves, where he can speak tenderly to us.

Matthias Miller  1:03:18
I have a friend of mine, who's he for him. He he took it the hobby of knitting, which I was curious. I asked him why? And he's like, Well, you have the you have the repetitive motion of your hands. You're doing something with your hands. You have this pattern. You get to actually create things. You have something in the tail end of that. And he's like, it's way better than sitting and fidgeting with your phone, like scrolling in your phone and doing doing things like that, which I found absolutely fascinating. So if the enemy's if the enemy's goal is distraction, if it's chaos, there's some people who will say that, you know, our mandate to take dominion in some capacity, is about bringing order, to take rightful order to chaos and and in So is it true then that

Unknown Speaker  1:04:12
math,

Matthias Miller  1:04:14
word searches, knitting like, Could it be that These are actually, in some, some sense spiritual warfare, like driving out the chaos from our lives, creating pockets and Sanctuary of order and peace within our worlds, so that as as we move into that we have the ability to hear from Him and to silence the Voice of the enemy, so that we can hear

Speaker 1  1:04:48
there's this guy I recently met and sitting in this kind of communal space, and I had met him here or there. Said. Hi, and he approaches me. This is maybe about a month ago. He approaches me. He goes, Hey, you want to see something? I'm like, Yeah, I do totally in my head at that point. And he goes, I want to show you this DNA, DNA sequence of a triceratops. I was like, I'm fascinated. Yes, let me see that. Here's the fascinating thing. He's like, there's bits of human DNA sequence within the triceratop DNA. He's like, how did that get there? And I'm probably butchering the story, but that's the gist I took from it. And I'm like, fascinating. I have no idea, tell me. So he pulls out his computer, and he pulls out this, this list of what, just to me, looks like code, but it's all atgc, it's all DNA code, you know, kind of thing. And he's like, see, see this piece right here? That's human DNA. See this right here, this and I was like, what? He just randomly approaches me and it's like, Hey, check this out. And I'm like, fascinated. No, I could have been like, Who's this weird guy talking about triceratop, triceratop DNA? And been like, yeah, okay, buddy. That's great. But it was just like, no, like, I don't know anything about this, and I want to learn something from you, so please keep going. And he legitimately sat there, I would probably say, like, 45 minutes, showing me things and talking to me about it, and he was, like, 10 minutes late to his next meeting. It hit him like, he goes, Oh, I'm late. I gotta go. That was our entire interaction. Thanks for sharing that with me. Boom, he's gone. Like, maybe that, to him is that meditative experience that bringing order to chaos in a very small way that he can and like, just, like, wonderful, just beautiful, yeah. I mean, to your point, like, maybe that spiritual warfare is these little things that are bringing order to chaos. It reminds me of the Jesus in the boat asleep, and the storm kicks up and it's raging, and they're losing their minds, we're going to die. We're going to drown, don't you care? And then their eyes are on him, and they're listening to him. And then the peace comes, like, maybe, that's maybe the sacrament of sudoku or gardening or running or whatever it is that works for you,

Matthias Miller  1:07:52
that's right, and that was, that was a thread that that had occurred to me, that I'm grateful that you resurfaced, because it completely slipped My mind. But the idea of these is sacraments, as as portals, or gateways or or Windows, or whatever you want to call them, to make it super weird, just like entry points into the into the eternal connecting points.

Speaker 1  1:08:15
Yeah, I have another buddy who lives out in Tennessee, and apparently there's, like in Tennessee, there's, there's a lot of caves underground, like in rivers underground, and you can actually repel into these and then explore and that kind of thing. I'm, like, fascinating. So he was telling me a story about how he repelled into this cave. It was like 300 feet down a few weeks ago, and like, he had this experience where, like, he repels through darkness down, like 300 feet, and then he comes into this big opening. He's like, looks like an oasis in a beach. And like, I'm sitting on the beach, and I can hear the water running, and I don't know where it's coming from. And so I get curious, and I start exploring where it's coming from, and his buddy is going off on this thing, and they're tied to each other so they don't get lost. And you're like, this whole thing, and at the end of that, he's like, it was so peaceful. Maybe that was a sacrament for him. It was an experience of the Divine, of god of the Trinity, in the midst of this. And so like, he's like, I'm gonna find more caves, and I'm gonna explore more caves. Because that's what, that's where I felt that. And this guy, a year ago, just drinking too much smoking, too much weed, you know, like all that kind of stuff, just, just a loneliness, you know, kind of thing. And once he started climbing, he started with, with rock climbing, and then, you know, he's repelling, I guess they call it caving, you know, that kind of thing. He's like, I don't have any desire for. Or any of those things anymore, develop a friendship, a friend group, around this process. Like, there's a girl within the group that he's interested in, you know? Like, there's all these things that are all these things that are wonderful, that are happening, you know, and so it's just like, like the things we discount. Like, maybe these are the doorways, doorways to these experiences of the of the the all consuming fire of the presence of God. Like, maybe these are doorways that bring us into and maybe some of the other behaviors are numbing. The fact that I'm not walking through that doorway. I'm not experiencing that sacrament, whatever it is, right?

Matthias Miller  1:10:57
Well, how much do we end up I love of all my if I had to choose a favorite author, I would have to, hands down, choose Chesterton. I like he's favorite of mine for forever. So apologies to all you listeners who aren't familiar with his work, but in fact, we're introducing you in bite sized pieces. So, yeah, I mean, because how much of it do we try to take sacraments then and make them our lives like? Is that an appropriate venture? And then I also have to think about Justin's book, the man who was Thursday, and how much, how many times is like, even with the caves, like, the caves are great, and if that's a consistent place, you know, as long as there's consistent, you're consistently finding him in those sacraments. Pursue that like, enjoy those sacraments. But there are also times when he is this, when, when, without ruining the story. But he's this, this undercover anarchist who just wants to be chased by by the people, and we go on this wild goose chase, really, to find places of peace. And that's how he he tricks us into, if you want to call it, that, into following him into these crazy places.

Speaker 2  1:12:20
What

Matthias Miller  1:12:24
does that? What does that dance look like? I

Speaker 1  1:12:40
think it looks like feeling stuck, like when, when the when the cave becomes the thing, rather than an entrance to the thing. I think we're stuck looking for the thing over and so it's a drug. Essentially, I had this. I experience this. It was so different than my normal experience, I want more of that, and so I just do more and more and more. But it was never about the cave, right? It was never about the bottle. It was about the doorway that it's, it's, it's, allowing you to enter into the infinite landscape of God and who he is, like, like in, I think it's the last battle in the Chronicles of Narnia, like, Come higher up, come deeper in. Like the invitation is always higher up and deeper in. And that higher up and deeper in is infinite. It's God, it's infinite. And so if I get stuck on the thing,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:54
well, like look at

Speaker 1  1:13:56
look at relationships, if I see my partner as the thing, as the culmination of everything, then eventually I'm become displeased with the thing, because that relationship is a sacrament. It's a doorway into the eternal. It's the closest tangible thing we have to what our relationship with God will look like, but it's a doorway, not the fulfillment of it.

Matthias Miller  1:14:27
That's a really, really powerful distinction, and it's it's also one of the biggest arguments. If you want to highlight the war between Protestantism and Catholicism, it's like you guys are worshiping. You guys are worshiping basically idols, because you have these images of these saints. You know that's that's the Protestant argument in the Catholic argument is these are our brothers and sisters in the faith who've gone before us, and they're pointing us to they're pointing us to him, to the eternal. All you know, at least in this, is broad brushstrokes. And I'm, again, not an expert here. I'm just saying, like, we don't

Speaker 1  1:15:07
want to start a holy war here. We don't

Matthias Miller  1:15:10
want to start a holy war here, but how many times? I mean, but then, you know, firmly landing, you know, having, having been deeply entrenched in the Protestant side. It's like, How many times do we cast fingers at other people? Of you have taken the sacrament and you have made it an idol, and but wait, what about the sacraments that I have, that I've partaken of, and then I have made it an idol, instead of allowing ourselves to be pointed continually, back to back to him. So anything that's a really powerful, I think you said it very well.

Speaker 1  1:15:50
Yeah, and others, you know, other sacraments, baptism, if that one thing is your one time and you're cleansed, then it's not a doorway. That thing has become the eternal right? But what if I see, like John says in First John five eight, there's three things in agreement, the the water, the blood and the spirit. These things are all testifying to who God is. What if that baptism is a doorway through which I experience the eternal I experience God? So what if I'm continually baptizing? Yes, you have the sacrament, which is that event that happens that I'm baptized? Okay, cool, but it's a doorway into a process of eternal baptism, eternal cleansing. And what if I see the blood as a one time deal? I pray the prayer, I've done the thing and now I'm good, that that thing becomes the eternal. But what if it's a continual that's the doorway into the life that is a continual acknowledgement and humility and gratitude for what Jesus came to show us, and I live my life in devotion to Jesus, not the blood, that's the sacrament, that's the event, and that's incalculably wonderful, right? But if I stop there, then it becomes all about me, if it's a continue, if that's a doorway into this relationship with who Jesus is, then it's infinite. And there's no amount of walking or running or whatever, of coming higher and deeper that is ever going to satisfy that. Right? It's an eternal curiosity, an internal wanting to learn, an internal humility, if you will, to bring it back around.

Matthias Miller  1:18:08
Well, in to your point of baptism. Paul talks very clearly about the idea of being immersed into Christ, ie union. I mean, it is a it is a continual losing ourself in some context, by some definition, in him, like it's it's allowing him to be the all encompassing reality,

Speaker 1  1:18:30
super fast. And that experience, that experience of the spirit, too. Just to round it out, with the third one. This is in your bones. This is in your marrow. This is in your DNA. This is guiding you towards the water, towards the blood, towards union, continually. And yet, if I see it as this is something that I can access that will solve my problems and make me comfortable, circumstantially, I'm missing the whole point,

Speaker 2  1:18:59
right? Missing the whole point well,

Matthias Miller  1:19:02
and even, even just to, just to pick on theology, like if we view even getting caught in the argument of as well as the Spirit given when you first believe, or is there a secondary experience, or all of those things can blind us to the reality that, well, it's really not, I mean the by whatever means you get into the water, that what matters is being in the water, and what matters is having, having that the breath of Life, breathing in you and through you and and yielding to the wind to blow where it will and like that's a very simple example of pointing to pointing to a single experience and freezing the entire frame around that. Other than the the life that we get ushered into, right?

Speaker 1  1:20:08
It strikes me, I had this experience. I was in Namibia years ago, maybe 2025, years ago, and we were working with this, this guy, he wanted to prepare his land for planting seed really, like community garden kind of thing, feed, feed the people in the community via the crops that were growing there. Like, awesome. Let's do it. And so we're out there and we're, we've got blisters, and we got shovels and rakes and hoes and, you know, all that kind of stuff, all by hand. There was, there was no machinery here whatsoever. And at a certain point he was like, Okay, we've cut it down. We've cleared all this. Now we need to burn it. And we're gonna burn it, till up the soil. Okay, let's do it. And so I'm standing there just outside of the the area, watching, and the light the fire, and it just starts burning. And I felt this wind come up and started to swirl around. And that moment, I was like, this is the spirit. This is a tangible experience of the Spirit in this moment. And there was such complete and utter peace in the midst of that no I could go searching for that experience over and over and over again, but that was the doorway. That was him saying, I'm here. Come with me. Let's go higher and deeper. And to me that, like it's such a profound thing of I could go searching for that experience at that time with that environment, or I could see it as a doorway that is an invitation to all that he is and all that he wants to do, and all that he is leading towards and growing and shaping and refining and correcting and all these kinds of things. And to be honest, for a number of years, I was searching for that, like every time I felt a bit of wind, like, is that, you you know? And it was so tied to that circumstance, rather than, this is who I am, this is what I'm doing, you know, and so I think we get lost in that,

Matthias Miller  1:22:26
yeah, I think, I think there's a drive for those for us, the physical, tangible part of ourselves, the very human, the sarks, the whatever you want to Describe, it wants to anchor to physical experiences and our spirit anchors to eternal truths. And I think this is, this is part of the challenge that we live in being mortal beings with, with the eternal spirits, like there's this tension between, between those two worlds, and sometimes we lock into one, not the other. Well, I'm disappointed because you gave I'm disappointed in you.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:10
Kevin, there's a long line.

Matthias Miller  1:23:15
Get in line. He says, 9743 conservative. We'll hear you complete in 10 years from now. So, I mean, you know you had, you had four different elements around humility, and we didn't get it. Get a chance to to dive into those.

Speaker 1  1:23:39
Maybe next time, maybe next time, we'll see which way the wind blows. Oh, man, so good.

Matthias Miller  1:23:52
That's so good. Well, any, do you have any, any closing thoughts?

Speaker 1  1:24:00
Yeah, just, just wrestle with it, wrestle with the idea of that definition of humility, like the desire to learn and see what pops up in in you as you wrestle with the desire to learn as being the definition of humility.

Matthias Miller  1:24:18
Yeah, and I think much of this conversation if, if I want to, if I want to try to tie the themes together, much of this conversation around these meditative acts, the the sacraments, a lot of these are around posturing yourself into a position of openness, to learn, to to connect with the eternal. And I think that's, that's that's where the that's like drawing a clear line between humility as the desire to learn. I feel like, to me, it's almost like, maybe not even step one. Maybe it's just step zero. Yeah. Have the desire to learn.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:01
Yeah, yeah, I agree. So the

Matthias Miller  1:25:06
fear of the Lord is the beginning of the wisdom of wisdom.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:09
So I read that somewhere once. Read that somewhere once.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:16
All right.

Matthias Miller  1:25:18
Well, to those of you, those of you guys listening. Thanks again. We counted an honor that you go along this journey with us, and always love to hear from us here, from you guys, just to note that there's a lot of we're putting a lot of lot more of our content out on sub stack. And so if you are a if you made it to this point, and you're reader, and you want other ways to consume our content. Go ahead and go to puppy the desert calm. Hit the substack link. You can get these by email if you want. Leave comments on the platform. Let us know what you think we're eager to engage in conversation with you guys. And thanks again, and until next time.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:58
Next time. Thanks. Kevin.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai