Speaker 1  00:00
Hi, this is Dawn of the X to school and I have been compelled by people that have been coming to me from all over the world who have been going through a lot of abuse from the Last Reformation movement with Torben Sunday guard. And it's based on some teachings regarding the topic of divorce and remarriage. And before I get into this, because this is something that's needed to be addressed for a long time. I know a lot of the folks in TMR have been going behind our back here at x to school, saying a lot of negative things about us and that we do teach differently than what Torben teaches. And it's actually true. What they're saying, we do here at x to school teach very differently than what TMR is teaching on this very important and controversial topic of divorce and remarriage. And I just want to let you know that the folks at TMR Listen, I'm not here to slam the movement, but you guys get a knock off what you're doing. Many of you out there are destroying lives. I've had people come to me that have left marriages based on bad advice from Torben over in Denmark, who have divorced from a second marriage to go back to a former spouse who had married, who didn't want them back any more than they wanted them back when they left them. And when they went back to go back to the fort, the current spouse that they had recently divorced, the trauma of that has destroyed the second marriage. And there are cases where there's been kids involved. And people from TMR, including Fabian and others, are giving some very bad advice. And Torben came to me on this a while back and asked me about it. And he asked me my opinion, and I told him, it's not about what my opinion is, what does God's word have to say, regarding this? And so when I asked Torben what he believed, Torben himself was unable to sit down with me one on one with this, and to go through the Scriptures. Because what Torben has done, Torben has taken his teaching from a gentleman over in London named David possum. And Torben and I have been to David Parsons home, we love David pass, and he's a great man of God. But unfortunately, David passing is not an infallible Pope. And I've recently spoken with David Parson, regarding this very controversial teaching. Because I believe that a lot of this teaching is myopic. There's things that they're just simply not seeing in Scripture, and I'm going to share with you, and I'm not here to persuade you, what I am here to tell you to do. Go before God with the material that I'm going to present to you, and ask the Spirit of God to show you whether or not what I'm sharing is true. And go with what the Spirit shows you. I know many of you out there may likely labeled me a heretic, you may unfriend me over this, but the witch hunt needs to stop. If you're out there persecuting somebody who's been through the horrors of a divorce and has moved on with their life to marry someone else, then you need to leave those people alone, I would remind you that the Scriptures tell us to examine ourselves and not to examine others. And I know, in the earlier versions of the Pioneer School website, for turbans, Jesus hotel, one of the questions on the questionnaire, as far as whether they would receive candidates for the school was whether or not they've been involved in a former marriage. And if they're remarried, and Torben would use that as a kind of a filter to filter those people out. And it was even a couple over in Melbourne, Australia, that gave up everything to go over to the Jesus hotel, only to be told that they need to get a divorce, or they need to get out. Unfortunately, these people have left. This is a couple that's in a second marriage. And we're going to talk about this topic of divorce and remarriage, and why there's so much confusion out there. In the body of Christ. It's not just to or there are many out there that are on this witch hunt. And what I want to remind you, before we start is that this Bible, these 66 books, written by over 40 men through thousands of years, evidence that evidences

Speaker 1  04:39
a continuity through the text. And I want to remind Christians that the covenant that we are under today is a covenant that was made with the house of Israel. God has never once ever made a covenant with the church. And I say, never. If you read Jeremiah his writings, for example, if you go to Jeremiah 31, verse 31, and the Old Testament, God talks about this, this new covenant that he would make, and the covenant would be with the house of Israel. Let me turn to Jeremiah 31. And I'll share with you what God's written here. And in this video, we're also going to do some live screen stuff I'm going to add to it. So it may jump around a little bit. But I think it's very important that we address this issue, because I think this is one that not only is it further victimizing victims who've gone through this horrible tragedy of divorce, but it's also enabling abusers, in bad marriages and relationships, where reconciliation, in some cases is not possible. And before I even begin this, I want to just select you know, whenever I talk about this, people automatically jump to license. And it was no different with Torben they get this thought that Oh, Don, saying that you can just willy nilly divorce whoever you please. And we'll get to that because this, this teaching has a balance to it. And the balance doesn't come from me, the balance comes from the word of God. So if you stick with me through this, we will get to that at the end. And I hope that you will be fair and taking this before the Lord, before jumping to any conclusions as far as what I am sharing with you, but again, go before God with the word, God's given you His Holy Spirit to address this. And but the point I want to make Now regarding this new covenant, Jeremiah says in Jeremiah 31, verse 31, he says, Behold, the days come, say, it's Jehovah, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and with the house of Judah, not made with their forefathers in the day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt, which my covenant they break, although I was a husband, unto them, safe, Jehovah, but this covenant that I will make with the house of Israel, after these days, I will put my law in their inward parts in their heart, I will write it, and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. And they shall teach no more. Every man, his neighbor, and every man his brother, saying, no Jehovah, for they show all know me, from the least of them, to the greatest of them, say, as Jehovah, I will forgive their iniquity, and their sin, I will remember no more.

Speaker 1  07:53
And maybe we'll get back to that in this teaching, because there's some very significant things here in Jeremiah, that we will get to. Now before we talk about the topic of divorce, and remarriage. here's just some of my research through the years. And what I'm here to remind you, the New Covenant was made with the house of Israel. So you need to understand even though not all, the writers that were moved by the Spirit of God, were Jews, the vast majority of them were, who were used to pen the scriptures. And they were all led by the influence of the Holy Spirit, when they wrote. And what I want to remind you, this is a Jewish book from cover to cover. And you need to understand a little bit about some of the problems that were going on in Israel, which led Moses in Deuteronomy 24, to write about the divorce certificate. But let's put this topic of divorce and remarriage aside for just one moment. And I'm going to present to you why I believe Jesus never spoke about this topic. And we'll talk about some of the confusion that exists today in the modern translations of the Bible, which was a result of the King James in 1611. Translating one word in one verse with the same word appears twice. And the first time it translates its correctly, second time it's translated incorrectly. And then the subsequent translations have taken that lead from that one verse, and have completely brought confusion into the body of Christ. But let me talk about Jewish marriage. Today, just as during the days of Moses, there were these women that were called the goodness and the goodness were women, that we're chained to a dead marriage. And it's a holiday, a term of a woman who's chained to a marriage. And the classic case of this would be a man who's left the marriage. he abandons his wife, and he doesn't come back. Or you also read about in Scripture, a man who's gone into battle, and perhaps he's killed or missing in action, and they've not found the body. It also refers, and in most cases today, where a husband refuses to grant a divorce document to his wife, which is required under Jewish law. And this Jewish divorce document, which in Deuteronomy 24 calls the writing of divorce meant today is called a get. And it's the get the writing of divorce meant that a man is to put into the hand of a woman, and then he's to put her away, which means to send her out of the house, physically. Now the reason he has to put that certificate in her hand, before he puts her away, is this it will break the marriage bond that they have, which is a contract, and he can then send her out where according to the law of Moses, she can then go and become another man's wife. So for a divorce to be effective in Israel, Jewish law required that a man grant his wife the get of his own free will. And without a get no future marriage for a woman would be recognized in any child that she might have had with that husband would be considered Manzer, which is a Jewish term, often translated as, but not dissimilar to the concept of a bastard child. So in in a Jewish marriage, where the husband would desert the woman or refuse to give her the get the writing of divorce meant this get refusal would not only hurt the wife, by not allowing her to go on with her life, but the children would also be known to be as bastards. And so they would be looked down upon within the Jewish community as second class citizens. And because of the seriousness of the nature of adultery in Jewish law, the Gooner is forbidden to marry another man, regardless of the circumstances, whether it's accidental that she never got the get or whether it's maliciousness on the part of the husband. Many husbands would refuse to give the get to get out of their obligations of paying child support, because the get terminates the marriage. And then you would go you know, you would work out the divorce arrangements, and usually that was negotiated within the Katoomba and many Jews today still follow that practice. So they need to write that into the Katoomba which is a form of prenuptial about how it would be handled, if there is a get refusal. But that's not done in many cases. And as a result, the women are being abandoned by their husbands or they're being extorted the men are holding the get, which allows them to move on with their lives. But it doesn't matter whether he's left her for a long time, doesn't matter what the circumstances were, and the time that's passed, and she first became it and a Gooner. And this again, this also hurts the children in the marriage, a child born from another man to in a Gooner is also considered a Manzer it legitimate and, and not only can they not marry a Jew, they have to marry another Manzer under Jewish law, or a Jewish convert. So in other words, the children are considered as best children, if that woman moves on. And even the children are told that, you know, you're basically a second class citizen, you can't be granted a regular Jewish marriage. This is because of something your dad did to their mom, this is It's horrible. And only a woman pay attention to this, only a woman can be declared, and a Gooner. None of the prohibitions that I just read for you go into effect for a man whose wife has disappeared, whether she's deserted him, or whether she's taken off. And the reason for this, because there is no prohibition anywhere in the Torah, for a man to have two wives, and a child born to a man with a single woman, the child's not considered to be an answer. They have the full rights of Jewish marriage, this this husband, if he the abandons his wife, okay. Keep in mind the Jewish have two laws, they have civil law, and they have religious law. religious law requires the man to put the get into the woman's hand, and then to send her away so she can move on with her life. But many men over in Israel today are abandoning their families leaving their wives, and then they're fleeing Israel, because what they'll do is over in Israel, they'll suspend driver's licenses, and they'll go after them for disobeying the religious laws in Israel. So what they do is they many of them will flee for another country, many come here to the United States. And you know what they have what they call a civil divorce, even though they don't have a religious divorce, under under the law. And so what happens is, the woman is now stuck, unable to move on with their life, even though her husband has gone on to marry someone else, that marriage gets recognized, but she's left destitute. So you need to understand how important this is. And it also affects the Jewish families. And unfortunately, again, this is not the case, though.

Speaker 1  16:11
With with the man as it is with the woman, the woman suffers the abuse of being associated with this. And what that imposes upon a woman is forced celibacy, which is evil, when she's not granted a get from her husband, that allows her to move on with her life. And this was the problem that Jesus himself was dealing with, when the Pharisees trying to trap him in a conversation in the New Testament. Now, there are three parts of the New Testament that talk about this conversation that Jesus had with the Pharisees. Okay. One of one of the recollections of that conversation is in Matthew 19. And the other one is in Mark chapter, chapter 10. There's also mentioned in Matthew 531, and 32, and also mentioned made in Luke chapter 16. And you have to understand something that Jesus was actually addressing this abusive crew in treacherous action of husbands toward their wives in putting them away, without lawfully divorcing them. And, you know, we see many examples in the Bible, for example, with the men because it was, it was never a problem for the man until the days of Jesus, and what Jesus did, where the woman was normally held as the Gooner. Jesus also made men guilty of that same crime. And this was the problem that Jesus was addressing in the New Testament with the Pharisees. Jesus never wants spoke about the topic of divorce and remarriage in the sense that that the get no longer dissolves the marital bond. That is a fallacy today that is being taught in the church. And as a result, people have this law imposed on them. Even not just through Israel today, still doing this. I mean, it's still a problem. And what I want you to do, I want you to stop this video, I have provided in the description below many links for you to watch, get educated on this problem. This problem existed during the days of Moses of men,

Unknown Speaker  18:35
who are refusing the get

Speaker 1  18:37
for their wives that will allow them to get on with their lives. And Jesus was addressing this, Moses gave the law in Deuteronomy 24, for the benefit of the woman. And it made it law for men to provide the certificate of divorce that would allow them now to move on with their wives. And check out the links I provided. Then get back to this video. Just remember, make a timestamp of where we're ending off here. Check out the links, carefully read them, research them, watch them, and get back to me. And I'll show you what Jesus was actually addressing with these Pharisees. It was this cruel practice of putting away a woman without giving her the get. So the problem get refusal on the part of husbands and what Jesus did, he never changed the law of Moses Torben, and for those of you in TMR, that are saying this, you're introducing something into the Bible that's simply not there. Jesus said in Matthew 517, don't think that I have come to destroy in some translations abolish the law. I came that it might be fulfilled, filled. And not only would it be have to be fulfilled through the woman through force of what these cruel men were doing, which would force celibacy upon them. Jesus put the clamps down on them, making them guilty of adultery for doing it. And that was the problem Jesus was addressing, because forced celibacy, any doctrine that forbids marriage, even Paul says, is a doctrine of devils. So Body of Christ, you need to stop doing this. This is a brutal practice. And Jesus never said in Molokai to 16. I hate divorce. There's a Hebrew word for divorce care. Okay, that's not the word use their the word. They're used as Sheila, I hate the putting away another words, God says, I hate this get refusal. Why? Because it's treacherous to a woman, the woman is unable to move on with a wife, especially back in Old Testament times, women were treated like cattle back then. And a woman had what two choices either become a prostitute to support herself, or to find another man so that she can marry him to find some kind of support. So she could eat, and perhaps provide for her kids if children were involved. And, you know, the law was made to allow that through Moses, why would God say that he hates divorce, if it allowed a woman to go on and find provision by becoming another man's wife, that just wouldn't make a stitch of sense. And that is not what Malika is saying. It's not what Matthew is saying. It's not what Mark is saying. It's not what Luke is saying. And I'm going to show you where the King James translation introduced. Switch up in translation that led through waiter translations to miss translate this word. Apple, oh, which means to put away and putting away is get refusal, you have to put the certificate of divorce in our hand, and then you have to put her out of the house, which is the putting away. Now the reason you have to do that is because you can no longer use a woman as your wife. And the thing is, if we go back to the first century historians, if if the teaching were true, what Torben and others out there are doing on the switch on in saying that the divorce certificate no longer terminates the marriage. And by the way, the divorce certificate and the New Testament, the word is appa stash. And that is where we get the word apostasy. So for you to say that the app of stash can no longer terminates the marital bond, to free a woman to move on, or a man to move on, is basically to say,

Speaker 1  23:04
that apostates are still married to the Lord. I'm sorry, guys, that is a doctrine of devils. hapa. stashing is the same root word when we get the word apostasy in our marriage, in life with our wives, and our children is a model of Jesus's marriage to the church, which is us. So just know this. There's only one recorded divorce in all of the Scripture. And guess who it was? It was God. God divorced Israel, who violated her marriage contract, and God put a writing of divorce meant into Israel's hand, and he sent her out of the land. And how does she now get redeemed? Well, you can read in Hosea, God never takes the father, he never takes Israel back. But Israel now with the certificate of divorce is free to go on and marry another. And guess who that other is that she gets married to Jesus Christ. So she becomes the bride of Christ, Israel, and God redeemed her back through Christ. He puts her away from the law of her former husband, which was father under the law. Christ brought grace. So

Unknown Speaker  24:26
you have to understand

Speaker 1  24:28
in Romans seven writes about this and, and I've heard Torben, and others come to me, gentlemen, Mark sheets down in Florida. Oh, only death separates a marriage Only death separates a marriage. Well, Jesus never said that, okay. Paul, himself, never says this. And so Paul's not going against Jesus, okay. And Jesus isn't going against Moses, and Moses is not going against father and father's not going against himself

Unknown Speaker  24:56
when he himself put a writing of divorce meant

Speaker 1  24:59
into Israel's hands, and center away. The Bible says the word of God is the same

Unknown Speaker  25:05
yesterday,

Speaker 1  25:06
today, and forever. And to say that Jesus would come and change this important doctrine from Scripture is to say that God's Word has changed.

Unknown Speaker  25:18
And when we cover Matthew 19,

Speaker 1  25:20
we'll get to what the motive of the Pharisees was when they questioned Jesus. So stay with me on this, check out the links, get back to me, and this video will continue. After you do your research, go to my description, click on the links, watch this. And now, keep this in mind about this. When considering what is written in the law of Moses, and what is written in the New Testament, where Jesus is, is speaking with the Pharisees, because the Pharisees were talking about the legality of get refusal. Verbal divorce is where a guy just he sends his woman physically out of the house, and he does not give her the get in Roman law allowed this in the Pharisees were trying to get Jesus to go against Roman law by emphasizing the law of Moses. Now if Jesus changed the law of Moses, which the Pharisees always tested Christ, according to the law, they would have brought him before the San Hadrian, if he had changed the law of Moses, he would have been crucified right there. Know this, when Jesus was brought before Herod, later, in before the San Hadrian, before Chi Fs, and those those guys, it was never brought up that Jesus violated the law of Moses regarding get refusal. In other words, the divorce certificate, he didn't say that it no longer dissolved, you see the get the divorce certificate, it was the solution for this wicked practice of men,

Unknown Speaker  27:05
verbally decreeing a divorce,

Unknown Speaker  27:07
sending their

Speaker 1  27:08
wives out of the house, moving on with their lives, which was acceptable, but it wasn't acceptable for her. And again, forced celibacy, according to Timothy is a doctrine of demons. We'll get into this more, check out the links, and let's talk soon.

Unknown Speaker  27:48
Our mother has been in a coma for over 11 years, there's nothing more that we want for her but for her to be able to move on and to be happy and free.

Speaker 2  28:14
People are so quick to judge when they hear what we've been through and, and it's not our fault at all. When you see someone that you love and pain you experience have to lose a sense of literally helplessness, watching Mayweather fight for her freedom has been a big struggle for myself and for my entire family. It's been hard to see her suffering the way that she is, he was forced to, to grow fast and take care of my siblings, my older son, my younger siblings, we all just took care of each other. And, and not only that, but we had to also give our mother emotional support. It's not easy at all for her and she had nobody returned to Spain. Very, very painful. It's scary. It makes me feel like I can't trust anybody. Because if I was a little girl and saw this person who I called my father, totally abandon her and do such a terrible thing. How can I trust anybody? This is somebody who I thought loved her. You know, the only option is, is a prenup.

Speaker 2  29:22
Nobody gets married, thinking they're going to get divorced. The prenup really Foster's trust in the marriage, and that would facilitate. I was speaking with the shot phone. And I told her that I didn't think a certain guy was shot for me. And she said, Do you really think that you can pick it? You can't be so picky with the situation that your mother's in. Do you really think Sony people would want to marry you? And that really hurt the irony here inside. We're waiting to celebrate the end of this marriage.

Unknown Speaker  30:04
None of this would have ever happened.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai