Speaker 1  00:00
Welcome to part two of this teaching is divorce and remarriage, adultery. This is something that I think is just so important for us to understand. There's so many people out there teaching things that aren't even biblical. And we want to talk about this because I think this topic is so important. Again, the reason I'm doing this video is because there's ministries out there that are teaching people that to, to get divorced and go into a second marriage is adultery. And we want to talk about what the Bible teaches on this because many families are getting hurt. But at the same time, since putting out the first video, I do want to report that there is some that are coming out of this thinking. And God is the Holy Spirit is illuminating people's minds to understand what the Scriptures actually teach regarding this subject. So I'm very excited about this, and hope that God will help to open your eyes as well, to see the truth on this matter, because this is something that's very, very important, because it's breaking up many families. So the response has been great so far, and I'm hoping that these videos will help you, if you're in a situation where you're in a subsequent marriage, to know that it's okay. God's got your back. He's, he understands the human frailty and the human condition. So God has made a way for us to move on. If you're in a bad covenant, and perhaps you've, you've been in one, and you've gone to a better one, and so God is, God is faithful there. So I want to talk in this video about the law of marriage before Moses wrote Deuteronomy 24. In Deuteronomy 24, Moses wrote about the command for men to put the divorce writing into the woman's hand, before sending a woman out of the house. Now the reason for this was because of the hardness of men's hearts, and changing their wives, to a dead marriage. The marriage law before that time, was through the code of Hammurabi, which guided most marriages, the code of Hammurabi was a set of civil laws that were throughout the world, and, you know, commonly practiced now with regard to divorce before the writings of Moses, here's how it used to be. If a man wanted to divorce his wife, he would do it of course, he would release his wife and it would be through the man's will, in releasing her, and he would tell his wife to go and he would send the woman out of the house, and that one, I would now be free to become another man's wife. But it didn't take long for men to figure out a loophole regarding this practice, because what men were doing. When a man get married, they would contract the marriage with a prenup called the Katoomba, the Christian would lay out the terms for the marriage. And what would happen is, when those marital terms were set,

Speaker 1  03:08
they would go into effect as far as any spousal support child support, providing if the marriage didn't work. And before a couple would get married, a woman's parents would give the daughter a dowry, that dowry would go into the marital home. And that dowry would go towards spousal support for the woman if the marriage didn't work. But now that would be contracted through the Katoomba as far as if it didn't work, how all that would be settled. But through the hardness of men's hearts, what they were doing is sending away a wife. And of course, there was no proof that he had actually sent her away, it was just something that was verbally done. And many women would move on with their wives, meet another man get married. And then the former husband would turn around, and Logitech is a adultery against the woman. And in doing so, they would have the woman stoned, the woman would say, Well, wait a minute, you divorced me. And the husband would say, No, I didn't. Where's your proof. And quite often, it was a testimony of the man that held the most weight. And women were suffering at the abuse of all these men, and many men were just moving on with their lives. And, you know, not giving the woman permission to go on to become another man's wife. And to chain a woman to a dead marriage is something that's very cruel, something that's very hard hearted. And this is what Jesus was addressing, as we'll see later, in Matthew 19, was the hardness of men's hearts, and changing their wives to a dead marriage, while they themselves moved on. Not to fix this problem, through Moses, God Institute's the law of divorce, which is redemptive in nature. Now, the war of divorce is to put that writing of divorce meant into the hand of a woman, because it was for her benefit. And so when a marriage was terminated, through religious law, God would require now that men put a writing of divorce men into the woman's hand before sending her out of the house. Now, the reason for that now is that they have it in writing. So he can't turn around later and change his mind, lodge an accusation of adultery against his former wife, and have her stone, then we're we're doing this to get out of the Spousal Support, Child Support, which all these things that were negotiated in the prenup wouldn't be enforceable if there was no proof that a divorce had actually taken place. So Moses is now commanding that men put it in writing before sending their wives out. So

Unknown Speaker  05:46
that would free a wife up

Speaker 1  05:49
to move on to a better covenant. And we can see the example of better covenant in the Bible with Israel. Israel was under the old covenant under the law of Moses, and then Israel would later be redeemed back through a better covenant by being married to Jesus Christ. Of course, this is after father had divorced, Israel had put her writing of divorce meant in her hand, and having sent her out of the land. We see that in Jeremiah chapter three, verse eight, where God takes writing of divorced men, puts it into the hands of Israel, and sends Israel out of the land, he just sends her away. And so she would later get redeemed by being married to another, which would be Jesus Christ. Now, if divorce and remarriage, were hardness, with the divorce, look at the divorce itself. If the divorce were the hardness of heart, then we could say that God had a pretty hard heart. That is not the case. The hard heartedness of men had to do with this cruel practice of putting away a wife and other words, it's separating from them, we without giving them the divorce that would allow them to move on with their lives. So to chain a woman to a dead marriage was much akin to what the Romans did waiter, to criminals, by chaining them to a dead body. And you know, what they used to do in Rome, and this was a very torturous and cruel practice, they would chain a murder to the body of the person that they murdered. And as that corpse decomposes, that person eventually would succumb to disease and death as a result, so in other words, they were chained to their past, to what they done. And even for a murder. This is a very cruel and unusual punishment, just as it would be cruel and unusual for a man to move on with his life and be happy and not allow the same thing for his wife. And again, this is the hard heartedness that Moses was addressing when he gave the law, the get. So keep that in mind, as we move now into the New Testament times. So what did Moses write in Deuteronomy 24, let me read it to you. He says, When a man has taken a wife, and, and he's married, it says, it comes to pass that she find no favor in his eyes, because he's found someone cleanliness in her or something wrong, let him write her a bill of divorce meant, put it in her hand and send her out of his house. And when she's departed out of his house, she may go and be another man's wife. And if the latter husband hater, and write her a bill of divorce meant and give it in her hand, and send her out of his house, or if the latter husband die, which took her to be as wife, pay attention to what it says Next, the former husband which had sent her away, may not take her again, be his wife, for after that she is defiled, for that is abomination

Unknown Speaker  09:07
before the Lord.

Speaker 1  09:09
And thou shalt not cause the land to sin, which the Lord thy God giveth thee for an inheritance. Understand that what's written in Deuteronomy 24. We're told here that if a husband divorces a wife, and the divorce ends, the marriage, okay, that breaks the marital bond. So he's to give her the get that writing, which breaks the covenant, put it in the woman's hand, and send her out, if she goes out to be another man's wife, and that second husband either divorces her or he dies, that woman who's now freed again, may not go back to the former husband who divorced her. Why? Because the relationship is defiled. And this is an abomination, before the ward. So for ministries out there to tell people to leave their second marriage to go back to their former spouse, to marry them, after they've moved on. This is an abomination before the ward, what it's what it's doing. It's telling people to go back to a relationship that in the eyes of God is defiled. Listen, this is a doctrine of devils. And if anyone out there has counseled you in that direction, my strong suggestion to you do not listen to such a person. They're giving you bad advice. And I think it's very, very important

Unknown Speaker  10:36
for you to understand

Speaker 1  10:38
that the hardness of heart that was being addressed by Moses wasn't divorced, because it wasn't divorce. Before Moses wrote about the get well, there was divorced, verbally, but in writing, okay, and this is what I'm talking about. It wasn't in writing, it wasn't a law commanded, before the time that Moses instituted it, because of this cruel practice of men. Because at that time, the divorce was verbal. So Moses is now seeing in writing, guys put it in writing, put it in her hand, and send her out. Because this ends that practice of the hardness of men's hearts, and changing their wives to a dead marriage. It's so important that you understand the gist of this because many people are being put into bondage by ministries out there that are putting out this confusing teaching about what even the hardness of men's hearts are, oh, it's your heart of heart before you come to Christ. And God gives you takes the heart of stone gives you a heart of flesh, you now have a soft heart. And after you have the soft heart, you're not accountable, you're more accountable, where you're not as accountable when your heart was hard. Rubbish. Listen, guys. God didn't make things so confusing. The the laws regarding marriage in divorce are very clear from script. If you simply look at what it's saying, and take it at face value. Now I want to discuss what Jesus what were Jesus's words, in the New Testament regarding marriage, and divorce. And the first instance that we're going to look at, in the second video, here is the first instance in the New Testament. Matthew 19, is the first place where we see this conversation that takes place between Jesus and the Pharisees. What I'd like you to do if you have a Bible handy, go get it, pause this video,

Unknown Speaker  12:39
come back,

Speaker 1  12:40
and let's, let's look at this together. So now's the time, if you're going to follow me along the Scripture with with this and I prefer that you do. Pause this video, go get your Bible and come back. Okay, I'm gonna start reading now from Matthew 19. And if you have your Bibles, please feel free to read along with me. Now, as far as Bible translations, I did record a video on that. And in the video, I mentioned when my personal favorite Bible to use as a study Bible is the American Standard Version, known better as the as V, the ASP Bible, I like to use as far as my study Bible, because of the fact that this this Bible, it tells us here is translated from the original tongues. So what we're getting here is a very faithful translation from the Hebrew and the Greek, into English. And this Bible, I think, is probably one of the best, and will avoid a lot of the confusion. Now that's come into the body of Christ. Because it's a more accurate translation. So I'll give you an example of what I mean by that. If I can find it here. I've got a bunch of cards I put out. But there was a word in the New Testament that began to get mistranslated, and it started in the 1611 King James Bible. And that word was this word, Appaloosa. Oh, and it's very important to understand what this word means. This is the term used in the New Testament to put away In other words, putting away a wife. Let me read to you what it means from the Strong's. What I have here is, you probably can't see it with the lighting here, but it's Strong's g 630. And we're going to go on to the computer after this, I'll go on to a computer screen and I'll show you what I'm now sharing with you just to verify that so you can see for yourself that what I'm telling you is is truth, Strong's g 630. The word Apple O, means to set free to let go to dismiss to detain no longer. A petitioner to whom liberty to depart is given by a decisive answer, to bid depart to send away to let go to free to release with regard to a captive to loose his bonds and bid him to depart to give them liberty to go to acquit one accused of a crime and set him at liberty to indulgently grant prisoner leave to depart to release a debtor. In other words, not to press a claim against him to remit his debt.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
When used of divorce,

Speaker 1  15:33
pay attention to this one used of divorce app, Hulu, which means to send away when it's used of divorce, it means to dismiss from the house to repudiate. So in other words, when Apple Oh is used of divorce, it doesn't mean divorce, it means used of divorce, it's the part where you

Unknown Speaker  15:55
put the writing into the woman's hand,

Speaker 1  15:58
and then you the Apple was sending her out of the house. Now the reason for that is you can no longer have sexual relations with a woman who's no longer your wife, after you've divorced her. So for that reason, we find in Scripture, that whenever our writing of divorce is given, which is known as the apple station, or Apple station, the apple station is also found in Strong's it Strong's g 647. And Apple station, the word used for the divorce writing, it comes from two root words, the first one being Apple, which means away from, and the second word is status, which means a standing established by law. So you have an away from standing, established by a law, which is the written bill of divorce meant. Now this divorce meant the writing of divorce moment known as the get appears three times in the New Testament. It's in Matthew you 531. And you're going to see that this divorce writing is always accompanied by putting away by physically separating. Let me read Matthew 531. It has been said, Whoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorce. The second instance of that is Matthew 19, which we're going to read. And they say unto him, why did Moses then command to give a writing of divorce mint and to put her away? And then in Mark 10, where we see the same account, verse four, and they said, Moses suffered you to write a bill of divorce meant and to put her away. In other words, give her the bill and send her out. So appa stash is the writing of divorce men were appa Whoo, oh, which we just covered, is to send away it's that physical separation, so appa well, separation, hapa. Station, divorce. And again, both are necessary, you've got to put the writing in the woman's hand and then send her out of the house, you can no longer have relations with her. She's not your wife. Okay. Now, in Matthew 19. We're going to see what the Scriptures actually communicate here. And I think the King James actually got this right, on this verse, but the switch up that they made was in Matthew 532, which we'll get to in a moment. But let's start with Matthew 19. It came to pass, when Jesus had finished these words, he departed from Galilee, and came to the borders of Judea beyond the Jordan, great multitudes followed him, and he healed them there. Now notice that in Matthew 19, it's telling us the geography of where Jesus went, he came, he he, when he finished, he departed from Galilee, he came to the borders of Judea, and it was there where Jesus was healing my attitudes of people. Now, why does Matthew 19 tell us? Why does it go through the length to tell us that he was in Judea? Well, I'll tell you why. It's very simple. in Judah, recently, Jesus, his cousin, john, the Baptist, had recently been beheaded. And it was at the request of Salome, who was Herod's wife's daughter, through Herod's brother Philip. So it was her Herod's step daughter that was requesting the head of john the baptist, in revenge for her mother. And what was John's crime? I'll tell you what John's crime was. John's crime was calling out Herod for hypocrisy in having his brother Phillips wife. You see, under Jewish law, it would be forbidden to have your brother's wife. And you need to understand that Herod, who was called the King of the Jews, at that time, was appointed through Rome, who was occupying Israel at that time, inherit when he was with the Romans did as the Romans did. And when he was before the Jews,

Unknown Speaker  20:11
he followed followed Mosaic Law.

Speaker 1  20:13
So what john was doing, he's calling out Herod, on his hypocrisy. And in all likelihood, Philip likely divorced her odious through verbal repudiation. I'll tell you why. Because verbal repudiation, which I mentioned before, which was the bar from Robbie, was also the law of Rome. Now, it was okay, under Roman law, to verbally repudiate a wife and send her away as a means of divorce. But it wasn't acceptable for the Jewish women under Mosaic Law. Let me read again, what the separation. Appaloosa Oh is saying. And I found something very fascinating and the strongest, which I'll show afterwards, but it says when, when Apple who is used of divorce, as I mentioned, it means to dismiss from the house to repudiate, in other words to send away. Here's the note and I found this fascinating, the wife of a Greek or Roman may divorce her husband, it doesn't say anything about a Hebrew woman being able to divorce her husband. Why is that? Because under Jewish law, the woman had very, very few rights. Now, the reason for this was because of what happened in Genesis three with the fall of man. And because Adam had listened to his wife, instead of listening to God, he was put under subjection of the man. And so women's rights since the time of Adam, were greatly curtailed, and for the Jews, so And of course, Genesis is part of the Torah which the Jews follow. So you need to I understand, it would be an acceptable means for a woman to be able to divorce her husband, but a woman who was Jewish, had no rights of divorce prior to this time, very, very few rights. It has to be very extreme cases where a woman would be granted a divorce. And so in Jesus is now in Judea, where john the baptist, his cousin was just beheaded for the crime of calling out Herod, on his hypocrisy of having his brother's wife. Now, do we know 100%, for sure that Philip divorced his wife, the Roman way, we don't know. But what we do know is that Herod was not following Mosaic law, and having his brother's wife,

Unknown Speaker  22:47
in all likelihood,

Speaker 1  22:48
his brother Philip probably put her odious away. And, and then Herod took her odious to be his wife. Now, the Pharisees are coming onto the scene here in verse two. And let me explain what's going on. Because they're now trying to trap Jesus, as they always were. Keep in mind, the Pharisees were always out. And you know, testing Jesus, with the idea that if they trap him, they could eliminate them. They did not like this man who the people were following. In verse three, it says, there came on to him to Jesus, the Pharisees, trying him saying, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause? Notice what they're asking here. They are asking about whether or not it is lawful for a man to put away his wife as an acceptable means of divorce. Now, we know that under Mosaic law,

Unknown Speaker  23:55
that is not an acceptable means

Speaker 1  23:57
because you have to put the writing of divorce meant in her hand, and then you send her out. Now, the Pharisees purposely left out the writing of divorce meant in their question, why did they do that? Well, I'll tell you why, under Roman law, it was an acceptable practice to verbally repudiate and put her away. And then they added three words to this for every cause. You have to understand what was going on in Israel at that time. The Pharisees and the agencies were going at it over this big debate over divorce. And they were talking about, is divorce acceptable on for any reason? Or was it only acceptable on moral grounds? So when they said, for any cause, what they were doing is they were bringing in this debate between Shema and Hillel, these two rabbis, and the going back and forth of this big debate about divorce. So what they were saying, in effect to Jesus was this, Jesus is putting away and acceptable means of divorce, Is it lawful? Now, if Jesus said, No, because the law of Moses says, you have to put the writing of divorce men in her hand and send her away? If he had said that they would have brought Jesus now back before Herod. Instead, Herod, Jesus, like john is saying that you're a hypocrite that you cannot have your brother's wife. All right. Had he gone against Roman law, they would have brought him before Herod, which, ironically, is called the King of the Jews. But had he gone against Roman law? Off with his head? Now, had he gone with the bar of Moses, that would have been the result? had Jesus said, yeah, it's an acceptable form of divorce, just putting away a wife, then he would have been in trouble

Unknown Speaker  26:00
with Moses's law.

Speaker 1  26:02
And he would have gone before the sand he'd run, and he would have been crucified. Understand what was going on. Jesus was being asked a catch 22 question. If he said that putting away was awful, he would have been going against the law of Moses, and he would have gone before the sand he'd run and been crucified, had Jesus said that putting away was acceptable, again, going against Moses as law had, he said, it's not acceptable. He's going against Roman law. So it's like saying, Jesus, take your pick, which law Do you want to go against Roman law, which is going to get you beheaded, or Mosaic law, which is going to get you crucified. And so Jesus was on to this. And you know, it says, they came to him trying him, the word in the Greek for that as the word portrayed so. And it's the same word used of Satan. When he was tempting Jesus in the wilderness. You need to understand this is a nefarious word, portrayed. So testing, it's always meant to destroy Christ, to discredit his ministry and to stop the mission. This is Satan in the Pharisees working here, just as Satan worked with Jesus in the wilderness. Now, he answered them, but guess what he did? Jesus was smart. He wasn't going to hit he appealed to the law of Moses, he would have been in trouble with Herod. If he had appeal to the law of the Romans, he would have been in trouble with Moses. So Jesus doesn't give them a direct answer to their question, but he draws them out, pay attention to what Jesus did. He answered in verse four. And he said to them, have you not read that who made them from the beginning made them male and female, and said, For this cause, a man shall leave his mother and father, and the two he will cleave to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh, so that they are no more two, but one flesh. Therefore, what God has joined together, let no man put asunder. Pay attention to what he's saying. Jesus said, it wasn't this way. In the beginning, he goes back to the Torah, to Genesis, it says, a man will leave his father and mother, he will cleave to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh. Then Jesus adds something that's not written in Torah. He says, Therefore, what God joins together, let no man separate. In other words, let no man put away the reason he said that now is to provoke them. And what was their response? They were actually countering what Jesus said, and the next verse, listen to what the Pharisees had responded to Jesus. It's amazing. All right, here's what the Pharisees respond. They said unto him, Well, why then, in other words, Jesus is saying, what God's Will together Let no man put away. Well, why then did Moses command to give a bill of divorce, and to put her away? Ah, Jesus draws them out. Now they mentioned the bar of Moses. Okay, so Jesus is not going to get into trouble now. And now Jesus puts the clamps down on the Pharisees. Watch this, his his response is brilliant. Listen to what Jesus says here in verse eight. Moses, he said unto them, Moses, for the hardness of your heart suffered, that you put away your wives and other words, the get refusal, he's not talking about divorce, okay? But it says, From the beginning, it has not been so. And I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife, except for fornication, and will marry another, committed adultery. And he that marry her when she is put away come in adultery. Again, they're not even talking about divorce here, they're talking about get refusal and chaining a woman to a dead marriage. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  30:11
let me read that

Speaker 1  30:12
again. So it'll sink into what Jesus is saying. because keep in mind, if a man wanted to move on with his life before he could chain his wife by not giving her the get, and what Jesus is saying, is revolutionary, because before it would only be adultery for the woman. You see, this is why Moses gave the law of the get to free the woman so she wouldn't be chained. Jesus said, Whoever shall put away his wife, except for fornication and marry another, committed adultery. Understand this, this wasn't adultery for the man before. Now Jesus is making men accountable. In other words, if you separate from your wife, in other words, divorce the Roman way, all right. And you marry someone else. You're in adultery. Why? Because without the get, which dissolves the marital bond, you're still married to that woman. Okay, so if you want to send a wife out of the house, it's like me getting into an argument with my wife saying, Rosanna, get out. I've had enough of you. And now I move on to get married without a divorce certificate. It's adultery. Why? Because this is now bigamy and me marrying another woman while I'm still married with my wife. And bigamy is a form of adultery. So I hear many people take Matthew 19 and try to tell people that Jesus is saying that divorce and remarriage is adultery. In fact, the word for divorce appa stash, on, never wants, appears anywhere, in Matthew 19, in Jesus's conversation with the Pharisees understand this, again, the Pharisees were trying to trap Jesus with a trick question. Now words, Is it lawful for a man to put away his wife, and again, if Jesus said it was lawful, he would have been pretty good with Herod, but he would have been in a lot of trouble now with the sand Hadrian. But if Jesus had appeal to now to the bar of Moses, and what it says, All right, which is the proper teaching, then of course, he would have been in trouble with Herod. So this was a trick question designed to trap him, the Pharisees were trying to destroy them in what Jesus does, he goes back and he quotes genesis for man leaves his father and his mother, and he cleaves to his wife, the two become one flesh. And of course, then he adds that, of course, this is after saying, it wasn't this way. In the beginning, when a man leaves his mother and father cleave to his wife, the two become one flesh, then he adds Jesus, he says, Therefore, what God joined together, let no man separate another words, but no man put away. The reason he said this, knowing that the Pharisees would try to correct him with Mosaic law that he doesn't mention. And that that gets them out of that trap. And again, now he puts the clamps down, because we're before, if a man put away his wife chaining her to a dead marriage, he would be allowed to move on, she wouldn't have that benefit for herself. And what Jesus is doing now is saying, Listen, guys, if you do this, not only do you force your wife to become an adulterous by seeking support means for herself. But when you move on, guess what? Without that writing of divorce, that breaks that bond, you are now also guilty of committing adultery. Now, it was it was quite amazing what what Jesus said. And here's what happens as a result. In verse 10, it says, the disciples now they when Jesus left that scene with the Pharisees, the disciples met with him privately, and they were really freaked out. Bye bye, Jesus expanding this adultery thing to now include man, the disciples said to him, if the case of the man is so with his wife, in other words, if the case with the man is now the same cases, a woman and being in adultery, he said, Listen, Jesus, it's expedient. It's better not to marry. And listen to what Jesus says. He says, not all men can receive the same, but they to whom it is given, for there are eunuchs that were so born from their mother's womb, and there are eunuchs that were made eunuchs by men, and the eunuchs that made themselves eunuchs for the Kingdom of Heaven sake. And he said, He that is able to receive it, well let him receive it. In other words, Jesus wasn't forbidding marriage. But he was responding to what they were saying, gosh, you know, if if the men are going to get in trouble for this now to it's just better not to be married. And Jesus is saying, Listen, this isn't for everybody. It's only for those who can receive this. So Jesus never wants here.

Speaker 1  35:07
In the same conversations recorded and Mark, which we'll get to in the next video, and we'll talk about Luke 1618 will look at the words that are used. It's always talking about putting away This is what Jesus is addressing. And what began to change. People started translating the word Appaloosa, which means to separate to mean divorced. And the King James first started doing this in Matthew 532. Let me read Matthew 532 from three different translations. And you're going to see three different things now being mentioned. We're Appaloosa Oh, means put away they were translating it as divorced, which is a different word. It's a pistachio.

Speaker 1  35:52
Pay attention. Matthew 532 in the King James, But I say unto you, Whosoever shall put away his wife hapa Whoo, oh, properly translated, except for the cause of fornication, caused her to commit adultery. And whosoever shall marry her that is divorced, committed adultery. Now if you look up that verse in an integer linear Appaloosa appears twice, but here in the King James, its first properly translated is put away. And where it appears the second time the same word in the same verse is then later translated as divorced. And it was this one change of this half a verse in the King James that led other translations not only to to miss translate that verse, but they began to change hapa Lupo and the word appa stash, and to mean the same thing. When they don't. They're two separate words with two separate meanings. And you'll see that even in the, in the Old Testament, Hebrew, they had a special separate word for putting away which was like the equivalent of Apple Oh, in the Hebrew is this word Shalom, which which means to send away. And the word for divorce in Hebrew is carried through faith, where the word for divorce in the New Testament is APA stashed. In both testaments, they have different words, meaning different things. But of course, they translate across the same into the Greek. In other words, there's a Greek word for divorce. There's a Hebrew word for divorce. There's a Greek word for putting away is a Hebrew word for putting away God's word is remained consistent, nothing changes. But let me read now, I read to you the King James, where it translates Appaloosa word appears twice in Matthew 3532, they first translated is put away, and then they translated as divorced, two different ways within the same verse. Now let me read to you the New King James, Matthew 530, to the New King James Version. But I say unto you, that whoever divorces his wife, for any reason, except sexual immorality, causes her to commit adultery, and Whoever marries a woman that is divorced, commits adultery. And again, here is a case where the New King James app below is being mistranslated both times. And again, I highly recommend somebody pick up an American Standard Version. If this is you, and you want to do Bible study and understand what it's actually saying. The ASP gets it right. Let me read it to you in the ASP, Matthew 532. Matthew 532, in the ASP. It says, But I say unto you, That everyone that put it the way his wife, except for the cost of fornication, make it her an adulterous, and whoever shall marry her when she is put away committed adultery. That is the proper translation. That is what the Greek is communicating. And this is the correct teaching. Now, I just showed you how three different translations are saying three different things. So it's no wonder as to why the body of Christ is so absolutely messed up and confused over what the Word of God says regarding marriage, and divorce. In fact, Jesus never wants ever, we never hear the word divorce come out of the mouth of Jesus, despite what the translations are saying. So we're going to in the next video, go in, and we're going to look into the, into the inter Liniers and I'm going to show you what the Greek is actually communicating versus what the translators have actually changed up in the translation. And there's a reason I believe for the King James switch in Matthew 530. To the King James, you need to understand is the first version English version, getting away from the Catholic Bible. The Catholic Bible was written in Latin. So the the King James was released without the apocryphal writings, which didn't claim any divine inspiration. And so it was, it was a totally different criteria for Canon that they used the Protestants when putting out the King James Version Bible, but there was a lot of pressure from Rome, regarding the whole divorce remarriage thing, and I'll tell you why. The Council of Trent took place around 1547. And in the Council of Trent, the Roman Church made marriage a sacrament. What they did is they took the words of Jesus and Matthew 19, that he added to Genesis that said, therefore, what God joins together but no man put asunder. And the Roman Catholic Church, made marriage, a sacrament. Now you need to understand, in the Roman Church, a sacrament was something very mystical, it had totally to do with God, nothing to do with us. So what the they took the words of Jesus, what God joins together, let no man separate, because which Jesus was using to draw out the Pharisees. And they now made a doctrine out of it that said, What, since God only joins a marriage, that only God can separate a marriage, therefore, the writing of divorce no longer accomplishes this very thing. And you need to understand it's the influence of the Roman Church at the Council of Trent, that found its way now into half of what was written in Matthew five and the King James translation, and it made its way in, and then it's now morphed now into a doctrine that says that the marriage, the divorce, writing no longer breaks the marital bond. And again, all the source, my friends, goes back to Rome, do not listen to those out there that are teaching you any different. And also from Matthew 19, came this idea that there's an adultery cause because of what Jesus said. And there is no such thing, by the way, as an adultery clause, because first of all, Jesus is not talking about divorce. He's talking about the putting away, okay, and what Jesus says,

Unknown Speaker  42:20
here's what he says.

Unknown Speaker  42:24
Therefore, God

Speaker 1  42:24
has joined together, let no man put asunder. Then they said to him, Why then did Moses command to give a written

Unknown Speaker  42:29
bill of divorce meant

Speaker 1  42:30
and then to put her away and he said, Moses, for the hardness of your heart suffered that you put away your wives again, Jesus is not talking here about divorce, but listen to what he says, Whosoever shall put away his put away his wife, except for fornication. Well, what is fornication? Because what Jesus is saying, In cases of fornication, you could put somebody away. Now, fornication is sex outside of marriage, or Okay, it's every union that's unlawful, it could include homosexuality, incest, adultery, all these different things, okay? Any unlawful union doesn't need a writing of divorce. If you, for example, were to hire the services of a prostitute, you wouldn't have to write her a bill of divorce meant and put her away. You just put the woman out of your wife, you repent, you stop what you're doing. So you could put away in instances where there was an unlawful union that took place. That's what it's talking about. So it has nothing to do with divorce. People have created this adultery cause and they're teaching that as well. There's so much confusion today in the body of Christ. And

Unknown Speaker  43:45
right now I've consumed a lot of your time.

Speaker 1  43:47
I'm going to make this part two. We'll end it here from Matthew 19. But we're going to pick up again, and we're going to go into the writings of Mark, we'll get into the writings of Luke, we'll get into Romans seven. We'll get into First Corinthians chapter seven, and also was what Paul had also written to Timothy in his later epistle.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai