Unknown Speaker  04:29
Can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  04:31
Yep, I can hear you. Can you hear

Speaker 1  04:33
me, yeah, let me turn my volume here. Try that. Perfect. I I'm sorry about being late.

Matthias Miller  04:45
No worries. Was very good to be on this one.

Speaker 1  04:50
Yes, let me last. I was on the phone with the customer in check. I.

Matthias Miller  05:29
Yes, he will be doing.

Unknown Speaker  05:32
Afford him that link. I just,

Matthias Miller  05:35
I just send it with the calendar invites. Who's got it? Oh, perfect. Thank you. Yep. It,

Unknown Speaker  05:52
how's your how's your day, you're going, uh,

Matthias Miller  05:56
it's good. It's every time I go on vacation and like, that was good. And then it takes a while to find my equilibrium after that.

Unknown Speaker  06:06
Yeah, so I get that for sure. I

Matthias Miller  06:36
here, how are you good? How are you let me I'm going to grab you guys account here. Okay, my thought was we can do quick, just kind of run through a project update, and I got some things I'd like to go over, and we can cover anything you guys have. Jesse, have you had any success with phone numbers?

Speaker 1  07:10
With phone numbers? Yeah, I have not. I did not, honestly, I just slipped my mind. So I I'm gonna what, what my plan today is is make sure that I'm I have written down exactly what's on this project list that's on me, and then, well, look at

Matthias Miller  07:36
that. Sounds good. So I just got done getting some numbers verified,

Matthias Miller  07:50
so let me see if it's the wrong one.

Matthias Miller  07:59
You see if I'm able to pull up. What I sent was, I

Matthias Miller  08:16
can't let me let me see if I can chase down details on that, because it requires some

Matthias Miller  08:41
because that will, that will save you some round trips and see with email, I don't know that there's anything magic. You just gotta, we

Unknown Speaker  08:58
just have to link the company and personal emails, right?

Matthias Miller  09:02
Yeah, I mean, probably just the personal email. I'm gonna guess it's something like this is, I'm gonna guess this is, this is what you want. Oh, thank you. So that'll tie that syncs emails to two directions. Main company will work. So we talked about a collaborative inbox. I mean, I think, I think the main committee number, well, that one, I think that's just a matter of, go get it set up and play around with it and see how that works. Anything else with like well, and then, based on that is we could take a look at setting. Collaborative. Collaborative inbox for if we need, I mean, it might be you don't even need a collaborative inbox, depending how GHL handles that. Anything else needs no Go ahead.

Speaker 2  10:17
Collaborative inbox would be used for internal communication in regard to a lead, right or anything else.

Matthias Miller  10:28
The idea of the collaborative inbox was, if it's something like Google voices now, but if you have another need for a collaborative inbox, okay, you can explore that Gotcha? Anything lifex needs on switching over the website,

Speaker 1  10:52
not not that I Asher and you had communicated, I think, either right at the end of last year, at the very beginning of this year, and I had asked them to take and take charge of giving you inputting whatever they need for forms.

Matthias Miller  11:13
Okay, so

Speaker 1  11:18
at this point I will, I'll just check in with Asher on that. But is there any like subtext on this that would help me better explain it to Asher? Because when I sometimes when him and I talk, if I don't have a very authoritative idea of what's supposed to be happening, nothing happens.

Unknown Speaker  11:47
Thank you.

Speaker 2  11:50
Guys should be just lead forms, right? Whatever we're using currently, yeah, to collect leads. Yeah, we don't really

Matthias Miller  11:57
need conversion tracking guys all handled through a shutout, right?

Speaker 2  12:01
Or we are not paying for that side of it. I don't think Jesse knows more about that.

Speaker 1  12:09
Yeah, we are not using conversion tracking through TSA,

Matthias Miller  12:13
okay, so in that any conversion tracking Okay, will work once it's live. We had talked about me handing out a contractor for migrating email. Automations ever, it seems to me like life x should? It seems like Asher should be able to migrate the email automations over into high level does that. So maybe we should, I

Matthias Miller  13:12
Is that fair?

Matthias Miller  13:18
Yeah. All right, so this is the big question. I know this is probably getting way deeper in the weeds than what you guys desire to um

Speaker 2  13:33
the rest of the day, Matt, so you're good. Sure we spend the most we spend most of the day in the weeds over here.

Matthias Miller  13:46
So basically, shut up gives the following events, New Order, which is basically a quote, a deposit, submit process will fill, cancel. I'm thinking mapping. So so name comes from the order, billing name, address, order billing at the billing address, email from the billing email, phone, from the billing phone, and on the opportunity, we get the bill of the opportunity, name from the order, name match the salesperson only, only if we're creating an opportunity.

Unknown Speaker  14:22
So, we're going

Matthias Miller  14:24
to add a delivery address to the opportunity order amount, pull in order notes and a linked back to the order. So that's, I mean, I think that's pretty straightforward.

Speaker 2  14:45
Uh, quick question on that order delivery address, and I think I saw this somewhere, but is that order delivery address a link to maps?

Matthias Miller  14:59
We. Bill, like a hyperlink? Yeah, I think, I think, really, what we should do is opportunity, map, link or sorry, sorry, this is, let's change these names, delivery, address, amount, I

Matthias Miller  15:28
this would be,

Unknown Speaker  15:34
yeah, I

Matthias Miller  15:49
And then we're going to have a

Matthias Miller  16:02
yes, I ordered order number just to just for linking purposes. All right, so we try to match my contact, if not by contact, match by phone. If neither, we create a new contact. Every time you get information from the shed app you update the CRM, phone and email. Now, this could be completely wrong. Maybe this is a question. How do you want to handle that so somebody fills it in with a All right, let's do this. I think the easiest way is actually doing

Matthias Miller  16:57
okay. So this is obviously an A if the phone and email are different, then we'll obviously create new contact. So if the email and phone matches, obviously there's nothing contact is up to date. If we find a contact with an email but there's a new phone number coming in from the shut app. What do you want to do with the new phone number? Do you want to or which phone number do you want to keep, the one on the nghl, or the one that in the CRM or the one from the shutout?

Speaker 2  17:37
Can it copy? I mean, not copy, but can it? Can it like over when I, I don't mean overwrite, which means delete, but can it? Can it just do an idea too? That would be the only case like for a phone number, because some people will put in just thinking through the process. And the process is they might put in the same email, but the phone number might be a cell phone versus a home phone, which is nice to have the two.

Matthias Miller  18:10
And if the wait, this is we said if the email matches and the phone's different, and we would do the same thing if the email is different,

Speaker 2  18:19
right? I mean, we're going to assume that somebody's name, as long as we get notified when this comes in, if we need to double check it, then great. Like if, if the if the lead itself that comes off of TSA is completely separate than the one that was prior to it, then that's a conversation that we can figure out with the customer. But I think worst case scenario, people either put in a fake email so that people don't contact you on there, and they'll put in their real phone number, or vice versa. And so weeding through that is a little bit difficult. We're at some point, we're going to have to manually do something. I okay, but I would have, I would lean more towards the fact that the email address is typically correct and the phone numbers are not.

Matthias Miller  19:17
Sorry, I'm getting distracted here. I apologize. So bottom line, is it okay to add add these as secondaries?

Speaker 2  19:35
It's okay to add the phone as a secondary. I would not add the email as a secondary. I would keep that as remaining constant, and we'll manually update it if it needs to change,

Matthias Miller  19:49
like that,

Speaker 2  19:54
well, but we did add a second, but it would create a new contact. In that case, I.

Matthias Miller  20:00
If your phone matches and you have a different email, you would add a new contact.

Unknown Speaker  20:07
Are you saying you want to add a new contact? If that happens, Eric,

Unknown Speaker  20:17
definitely change it. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  20:21
you're cutting out.

Unknown Speaker  20:24
I would, unless we manually change it.

Matthias Miller  20:27
Okay? So we only match based on email. That's all we match on. And we may email be the email is the match right? Match by email. If no match by email, create a new contact.

Matthias Miller  20:52
Match by email, if the phone number does not match an existing context phone number, add it as an additional number. I mean, it's that simple. So anything else I wanted to keep,

Speaker 2  21:20
will it match my name as well? Because you originally had that in there too somewhere, I thought I'm

Matthias Miller  21:26
very skeptical of matching my name. Uh, okay, name, but I mean, it would only be an issue. It's only really an issue if Mr. And Mrs. Shed buyer@gmail.com wants a quote and Mr. Fills out and Mrs. Fills it out,

Speaker 2  21:50
right? Yeah, which, for whatever reason, seems to be fairly popular.

Matthias Miller  21:57
But so do you want to match my contact and the name, knowing that if Matt pick up Matt lap, Matt lap and Matthew lap both check out, they're going to get duplicate contacts. You're not merging.

Speaker 2  22:15
If the if the email is the same, though, they will merge automatically, right? Or update,

Matthias Miller  22:22
okay, what? Okay, let's, let's do this so well, let's run it

Speaker 2  22:27
through a scenario Joe Schmo and James are in and Janine schmo, but they use the same email address. It'll combine the two.

Matthias Miller  22:41
So what do you want to have happen with your name? Update the name.

Matthias Miller  22:51
So we've got Joe. We got Joe. Joe Schmoe, Janine enough and it's, it's, it's Joe, and it's probably not how you smell. It just

Speaker 2  23:04
Jesse. I just, I mean, before we get in the weeds on this, I'm thinking this through, how often, if a husband and wife, because it happens fairly often that I've seen that they each apply for something, how often do you see them using the same email though,

Unknown Speaker  23:23
um, I would say if

Speaker 2  23:28
they, if they're so separate that they apply for it separate, usually they're using their own emails too.

Unknown Speaker  23:34
Yeah, it's not very common that there's a collective email.

Speaker 2  23:40
So then we could merge those two, we should be able to merge those two contacts, and that would save us the bet most time, instead of trying to recreate anything on this side, right? Matt,

Matthias Miller  23:51
I mean, I would, I would think so, if it's just, if it's pretty rare, then just go reassign your opportunity over to or whatever, do some merging. Yep, now if, if, do you want to update the name every time they fill it out? Because we could do that as well. Or just,

Speaker 2  24:17
I'm just, I'm just thinking through this that some people have an email list four miles long of their own emails. Generally, at max, they have two phone numbers and they have one name. Yeah, so somebody's going to either repeat the name and they're going to run out of options first there and they're going to run out of options on the phone number second the email, although that's what is standard for most CRMs, as far as a tracking and database, you're running off of that, because they run primarily off of email that you could have multiple different emails in. So I. I would keep like, this is complicated. We came full circle, I know. So the fact of the matter is, I think as we had it set up, we just let it be and we're going to have to manually merge some stuff. Just, you're, there's no answers or buts you're gonna, you're gonna do that one way or another.

Matthias Miller  25:15
So, I mean, we could make an exception if somebody, if you have a matching, exact match on the name and phone, we could add the email to secondary email, but that still seems to me like that's a mystery shopper or somebody who's trying to be, I mean, that's a one percenter anyway. So by how we had it, you mean, just match by email,

Speaker 2  25:37
yeah, match by email. And then I like the idea of the secondary phone number, because if it's runs an existing match against the phone number, then either that phone number needs to be updated or there was something incorrect anyway. So yep.

Matthias Miller  25:55
And then do you want to use their latest name that they enter in? Yeah?

Matthias Miller  26:11
Most use would be you have an old lead who changes their name and now it's the same person, but they've got any last name or something like that. All right? I I like it. Identify the contact as above. Search for an existing Okay, I need to get back to you on this, on how exactly that's going to work. But bottom line, it's not a

Speaker 2  26:41
big deal. Legitimately, everything inside of this made sense to me, except for that. I was like, I'm just gonna ask a question about it. So I didn't know flows up. Yeah, I'll take a look at it.

Matthias Miller  26:53
So you only set the if you only set the salesperson for things that the CRM doesn't know about yet, which means that if somebody has an opportunity already, if Caleb has an opportunity, and Eric does a quote for it, it stays under Caleb, unless somebody goes in and reassigned to Derek, just because, hey, I'm going to throw you a new quote, does not give you the opportunity.

Matthias Miller  27:21
Now the place it gets tricky is if you have multiple opportunities open, or multiple opportunities for the same contact. We so the way to do this actually, it almost makes more sense. This will actually make more sense to map it out like this. I think if you do the stage mapping first.

Matthias Miller  27:55
So create goes into the here. Let's, let's do the pipeline. So create goes into here. Deposit would go into, would go in depending sale, submit would move it into sold. Process moves it into production, fulfill and cancel. Fulfill, moves it sorry. Process, moves into production. Fulfill, moves it into close slash final and a cancel, then we'll bump it back into a pending sale. Come on.

Matthias Miller  28:57
Does that make sense to you guys? I the idea of putting the cancelation pending sale is that this is going to be a short list, and if it's a cancelation, we really have no idea. Are they still actually a legitimate customer? Are they a non buyer? And so this puts it in a short list where you can deal with

Speaker 2  29:25
it, yeah, just a question on this. This is all based on a status changing inside the shed app, right? Yes. Okay, so basically where the sales people would be operating as we move it into pending sale. Or, you know, if, if we move it in,

Speaker 2  29:48
if we move in depending sale, that doesn't particularly mean that we collected the money. But if we collect money on the shut app, it automatically moved it into pending sale,

Matthias Miller  29:59
correct so for. You if you advance it further. So let's say that you have not collected a deposit, any market sold. We're not going to move it back earlier into the pipeline, right? Yeah. We only advance it in the pipeline. The only exception is a cancelation. Okay? Make sense? Yep, yep. Um, so. This is, this is me explaining the pending the cancelation, pending sale. Why you want it in pending sale. Not new opportunities, okay, so then, all right, so then, if you have, so we look at all opportunities that are prior to where we're sending it to. So okay, they make a deposit. So look for any, any opportunities that are open prior to pending sale, and if we find one raw rate.

Matthias Miller  30:56
No, this is not completely right.

Matthias Miller  31:10
This is not completely right. I

Matthias Miller  31:23
this,

Speaker 2  31:25
yeah, this will be the opportunity, not the contact, because contact will call you back two years later and purchase another building, and that opportunity needs to move through that stage,

Matthias Miller  31:38
right? So what happens when?

Matthias Miller  31:49
Why couldn't we just keep it simple? If, well, you might create the opportunity in in the CRM first. That's the issue. This is only an issue if you're creating the opportunity in the CRM first. I

Speaker 2  32:25
The chances of us creating an opportunity inside the CRM first are minimal in a day to day life, unless, unless they filled out a online request form where we created it, and then we did not create a quote yet, right? And we're trying to establish initial contact.

Matthias Miller  33:01
This is pretty simplistic, but I think it'll work fine 99% of the time, if no match, look for The most recently created opportunity,

Matthias Miller  33:21
most recently, sorry, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  33:45
this is super, super simple. Would you match based on the on the order number we're going to keep that? You guys shouldn't blank it out. If you do, we might create a new, you know, opportunity, whatever. That's fine. If we can't find if this thing doesn't exist in the CRM yet, we go look at open opportunities and pick the most recently created one. If there are no open opportunities, create a new opportunity. What do you think?

Speaker 2  34:31
I think that's pretty simple. My question, I don't know if this is the time to ask it, but what about multiple like a customer wanting multiple quotes for two different styles. Does that create a new opportunity, basically, where that customer has two opportunities going at the same time then? Or what's the how are we how do we handle that?

Matthias Miller  34:55
How do you want it handled and well, sorry before you go ahead. Eight.

Speaker 2  35:00
I was going to say, preferably, it stays under that opportunity until it moves to pending sale, which at that time we can split it. But what that means is, then we have a link to that order to each an order number under the opportunity, which gets really messy. I don't know if that's even possible. So,

Matthias Miller  35:19
right, that's, that was the part that, I mean, that's the part that gets messy.

Matthias Miller  35:30
Although, I mean, realistically, I do think of it as a single opportunity,

Matthias Miller  35:41
if we would, well, but we could.

Matthias Miller  35:52
We could change the designer link to be a multi line. I uh,

Speaker 2  36:07
which would be nice like, for sake of example, I'll give you an example. Caleb is quoting a customer for two buildings, and then he left me a note in HubSpot yesterday saying that they're also interested in a pole bar? Well, I'm not, because we're not using opportunities right now. Inside of HubSpot, they're running simultaneously, which is kind of the pain the butt, but at the same time. Like, what are unless we're going to use opportunities? What are we going to do? So here we're primarily using opportunities, so that means we're going to have multiple opportunities that when a customer sells something, we're either going to have to go in and delete the other opportunity. You know, that's good. Yeah, go

Matthias Miller  36:52
ahead, go. Let's go change this a little bit. I

Matthias Miller  37:04
uh, order numbers, order notes, links to order, links to orders the amount. I mean, how do you calculate the amount of that? I guess the amount could be the sum of i

Speaker 2  37:24
so i have a just completely stupid question that could really work this whole thing, and I'm sorry you can show me now, Alex, if we set if each and each if each user On TSA set a dashboard to search all time quotes and this link, instead of going by order ID, sorted by customer name, so if we clicked on that link, it would open up inside of TSA, the three different opportunities until we go to make a sale.

Matthias Miller  38:00
Why couldn't it always do that

Speaker 2  38:05
even after sale? Well, there's no reason why we couldn't do that, but I'm just saying it would make it easier to run multiple orders if it would open up to a search bar and then just run it off of the customer name

Matthias Miller  38:21
for customer email or

Speaker 2  38:23
customer email searching all time under a dashboard inside the TSA. That just means we'll have to set it up inside a TSA and you grab a link directly off of it.

Matthias Miller  38:32
I like it. I knew there was a reason we had you around. So delivery address, okay, I think, I think, okay, so what are the implications? I mean this, this just becomes a Tsa, tsa link, and it will pull up a dashboard in TSA with a search. Where does this get tricky? So anytime you have a

Matthias Miller  39:19
cancelations, I translations. Like for anything but cancelations. You can just look at any open opportunity, look at look for your open opportunity that you've got, and pick one. But when you have a cancelation that might be closed out, although we could just look at the most recently created opportunity

Unknown Speaker  39:43
so guaranteed

Matthias Miller  39:45
to be the right one, but it's close enough.

Matthias Miller  39:52
Why wouldn't we? I.

Unknown Speaker  40:14
Can I share my screen? Yep,

Matthias Miller  40:22
oh, here we go.

Unknown Speaker  40:26
All right, I don't know which one can you see?

Matthias Miller  40:29
Nothing yet.

Speaker 2  40:34
Okay, all right, so if you if we come into each individual quote, so basically our contact list, or we can go to the main one and just create one main file off of Jesse's admin, and we set it to date. Originally processed as unknown sales person is assigned to whoever's inside the CRM. So you'll have to assign it to yourself or as an admin, and we can set filters such as all time, like your signature status and all of this stuff to automatically sort, or we can automatic. What I was thinking is if we create a the search to link into the CRM, and it automatically pulls the name from the customer file, and we just type in, who do I want to put in here? Elizabeth

Speaker 2  41:38
oberly, for sake of example. Oh, that's not going to work. We'll want to clear out the filters of all time, like of whoever the salesperson actually is on it as well. But if it opens this up. Elizabeth Canda, I'm just looking through French. Harrelson right here. Basically all we need is something like this, where we can see the opportunity automatically, like and then we can do choose,

Matthias Miller  42:12
and you prefer that there's no way to search by email or anything like

Speaker 2  42:19
the unfortunate part about the TSA in the quotes manage quotes page, there's no search bar for emails. It's only by name. No now manage orders may be a little different. Search ship to Nope, still the same.

Matthias Miller  42:48
Yeah, it's basically good, yeah. Manage

Speaker 2  42:50
through. Put it like on the production side is where you can start searching, where there's a lot more options to search. On the sales front, on TSA, typically, all it is is a search ship to name.

Matthias Miller  43:04
Got it Well, I mean, if it's good enough for you, it's good enough for me.

Unknown Speaker  43:11
I don't know what's your thoughts? Jesse,

Speaker 1  43:16
I think so. Honestly, a little bit of all of this is a little over my head, because I was never a CRM guy and when I was in sales, so I don't want to, like, act like I have think I have any experiential authority on it. I would say, right now, the largest the sales team has ever been is to actually two and a half people since I've been around at CSC. One guy was fully remote and only worked in the summertime. That was Jaren, and then we would have two people in the office. So I think, I think whatever we do just needs to make sense for growing if that's if that's what the future has. So whatever, whatever we do now, let's do, let's set it up in a way that says, no matter who's onboarded or how many are onboarded, all at once, it just, it's it's smooth. So you, Eric, are the most knowledgeable sales guy that I've worked with when it comes to efficient processes on on the computer. So you say it's good then I'm with Matthias. If it's good enough for you, it's good enough for me.

Speaker 2  44:36
So in regards to that, that's true, then I would say what I, what I deal with the most is like, is the bounce out. So if, if it opens a link inside of TSA to see all the quotes and all whatever status that they're in cool, where it's nice to have the actual order ID number is when they are specific and they only have. One quote out there, or when it's sold. So if we say that we're going to set a thing of when we collect payment, in that specific case, technically, when we process it all, I if it would change from the and it's probably not possible to do this, so just hear me out. But my brain is thinking through this, if it like when we mark it as processed, if then it assigns the actual ID number of that order to the opportunity. Up until that point, it remains an open search bar to be able to find anything inside of it,

Matthias Miller  45:43
alright? So we could do something like PSA order number, which is set set on deposit or on I

Unknown Speaker  46:01
technically,

Speaker 2  46:04
it's the fulfillment or process from Elaine after an order is complete, but that's okay.

Matthias Miller  46:18
Well, I guess when do you want to fill in?

Speaker 2  46:22
Well, the only time that there's no changes to it is after they've signed on it,

Matthias Miller  46:29
which would be process,

Unknown Speaker  46:31
which would be processed, yeah,

Matthias Miller  46:37
okay, and the TSA link, which would be.

Matthias Miller  46:58
So in here's the weird glitch that I think it's probably fine. It's just Goofy, Goofy. If you've got somebody like Matt, who comes in as Matt and Matthew, then you're gonna have trouble finding his quotes.

Speaker 2  47:19
Well, it just means it's one thing that we have to, Hey, you want to go by Matt or Matthew? And by the way, you know, this is, like, it's kind of important to have somebody's name, right? That's kind of a go to across the board. So that's easier to keep track of than some other things. I, in my opinion,

Matthias Miller  47:39
I'm happy if you're happy, Could you, would it be okay, if it's my job to be slightly anal,

Unknown Speaker  47:50
okay? The

Matthias Miller  47:54
Are you? Would you be okay? If this link would be a search would also okay? Why can't I? Why won't it? It won't let me search by order ID.

Speaker 2  48:09
There it is. Order Type, yeah. So, so you could technically search that way as well.

Matthias Miller  48:15
I mean, would you be okay if the link would just pull you into this search, if we have an order ID, I and

Speaker 3  48:20
this

Unknown Speaker  48:26
is under manage orders, right? Actually, we

Matthias Miller  48:29
don't have to.

Matthias Miller  48:37
We can do it one of two we do one of two ways. One way is pull up a search. I mean, it could be manage orders, manage quotes. Manage orders and manage quotes are exactly the same thing under the hood. It just changes how they're defaulted. I think I could be wrong, but

Speaker 2  48:52
yeah, my my only concern with that, and I don't know, because I have, I have admin accesses. I don't know if a salesperson is not given admin access what their dashboard is minimal. It's dashboard, New Order, manage quotes, and I'm not sure what else

Matthias Miller  49:07
got it okay. So what we can do is have a TSA search link and a TSA order link. And I guess if you want to save the or the, what if we called it process order link? And Pro, do you want the process order number separate as well, or just the order link? I'm

Speaker 2  49:39
going to have to think through that one, to be honest, Matt, because that has more to do. I'm looking through it. On the sales side. For me, the order link and whatever quotes are under their name until it's closed is important. Otherwise, when you're searching like if somebody calls back in and says, Hey, I bought a shed a year ago, I need some help with it. Okay? Cool, you're going into the contact list, and under that, you're going to see all the opportunities. And the closed one, okay, was that an eight by 10? Was it a 12 by 12? What was it? And then you open it up, and it automatically opens the link. Typically, what we using on that right now is that's the process we have to go through. If I'm looking at it from the sales process, the only thing that that ever happens is, hey, I placed an order, where can you get me an update? And then it's like, okay, I can get you an update. But if it's in the quoting stage, that's we get a few people that are like, hey, I want, I want the order number X, Y and Z, but it's pretty few and far between. Roundabout way to answer it. This is where I would probably rely a little bit on on your end.

Matthias Miller  51:00
I The big thing I do is like, I mean, it's all okay, it's not cost difference, it's noise difference. And if, if it's 1% don't, don't build software for the 1% case. And so based on that, I would just say, we'll leave it off. I mean, if you need to search my order number, go do a name search and find their order, or just go over here and search by order I think, or click through until you find the right one. It seems to me like it's not that common of a scenario, maybe once a year. Well,

Speaker 2  51:35
if it becomes this thing right now, I'm having to go into into the opportunities on HubSpot and enter a serial number. So if it's a simple thing of after a closed sale, we turn this order link or the search bar or whatever into the actual order, and it's something that we can do, then that's fine. That's minimal work for us by just attaching a serial number.

Matthias Miller  52:01
Well, I mean, here's what I would do if it were me, I would have a link that always searches by name, yep, and then as soon as it's processed, we save the link, and we Save the notes, Yep,

Unknown Speaker  52:15
perfect,

Matthias Miller  52:19
yep, and then order matching only needs to happen On on,

Matthias Miller  52:35
open opportunity, so on, on order process.

Speaker 3  52:42
Uh, search for

Matthias Miller  52:47
an existing open opportunity with a stage that is

Matthias Miller  53:01
less than or equal to Production, if there are multiple that is less than i

Matthias Miller  53:23
i guess is there ever time where an order gets processed multiple times, there should not be okay, so go Find an opportunity that's open. It's it. It's well. I It's, will you guys, market closed before it gets processed? Did

Unknown Speaker  53:53
you ask that again?

Matthias Miller  53:55
We will? You ever will the salesperson, ever market closed before it gets processed?

Speaker 1  54:02
From I don't know what Eric's opinion is that, to me, that's the equivalent of a builder marking a building fit their face finished before it's actually, actually finished. So I would, I would not want a sales guy to be able to mark it closed before the order or money is collected? Yeah, I

Speaker 2  54:25
was just going to say the only difference in this is just depending on company policy. You know, when I was at the shed yard an E signature. And in specific cases, an E signature would classify as enough to make the sale, or we could void the E signature versus the money and always collect the money. In that specific case, it was the only reason. But that's a company policy situation. That's not a CRM issue, right?

Speaker 1  54:58
Yeah, so. I don't, I mean, as far as the CRM, it'd be great if there was enough guard rails to prevent sales guy to go rogue on that. But I don't think, yeah, I think that just more than anything that prevents being

Speaker 2  55:25
I mean, the fact of the matter is, the salesperson is not particularly going to like, you can move it into a closed stage for all I care, but at some point somebody's going to ask a question of, Hey, how'd this closed building get in here? And it never even got processed like, hello, because already Elaine is check marking this like, oh yeah, we're good. Otherwise, it's getting Elaine has the opportunity to move it right back into whatever is necessary, sure. So she marks it as pending review. For sake of example, it's no longer processed. And in that case, should bump it in the CRM, should bump it straight back into pending sale for you to take care of.

Speaker 1  56:03
Yeah, what that's true? I would say that's our like last resort. What I would prefer not to have to do is add that work or expectation on the order processing. So I think, and what I also want to prevent is if there's a sales like, I don't know if this ever happens to you, but I think especially when I was early on in my sales, sometimes, once it reaches a certain category in front of me, then it's out of sight, out of mind. And if we have an immature or a green sales person like frankly, I just don't want the company to have a lost Opportunity due to Miss Miss labeling that. So,

Speaker 2  57:01
wow, I Well, I think that's maybe a cart before the horse situation. That's probably not the term to use, because I can do that in HubSpot right now, and I can mark its job closed. You're still, you're comparing it in the TSA. So it doesn't matter whether I'm getting like a I'm I'm turning in my pay sheet based on whatever's in HubSpot, I could mark it closed at some point. I know Elaine's in the background already running payroll, and she's like, Hey, I didn't process that order, right? Like, yeah. So I mean, we have that option. I There's always going to be a level of human error that people are going to be able to Jack around with stuff. No,

Speaker 1  57:39
that's why we hired you and Matt, so that human error is this disappears.

Matthias Miller  57:48
Well, the fee for eliminating human error is extraordinarily high. The well either that, there's a great quote that says the only, the only business, the only business, the only perfect business is a closed business. There you go. So okay, but so here's the problem we need to solve. We have, we have an open up one or more. We may have one or more open up opportunities, and you process an order where it gets processed. What happens if there are multiple there's just one order that one opportunity that has not been processed? Well, okay, let's do simple cases. If there is one open opportunity that has not been processed, assign it to that one

Speaker 2  58:54
good, not particularly so it should be, Let me get in here. Give me one sec do a dashboard opportunities. Okay, so if it is in, if we move it to sold, which I can't remember exactly where you were at here on your opportunity stage. Go back to the the right here. Okay, so it's in pending sale. When does it move to sold again?

Matthias Miller  59:29
Well, I was planning when you when it gets submitted, it moves to sold,

Speaker 2  59:32
okay, but that's when a contract or when they sign it, and when, when the payments collected,

Matthias Miller  59:38
right, right, the deposit would be pending sale. Okay?

Speaker 2  59:42
So that means that it has not gone to production yet it can be in sold. So if we move this stage that we're talking about right now, if we say, if there's not, if we're doing a search and it is not in Seoul, or if it's in sold, it will create a new opportunity. If it is not in sold, it will apply to the same Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:00:02
Oh, okay, so if you are, you sure you're sure you want to do that. So if it's over here, follow up. Yep, and you sell it. We have a second one sold here.

Speaker 2  1:00:19
So I'm thinking through the use case scenario, somebody's buying two buildings. Yes, I technically up until the point of sale, they're under one opportunity, because I'm not keeping track of follow ups on two different buildings. They're buying two at the same Okay, so, but my process is, I create the first one, I get them to E sign it, and I get them to make the payment cool. It should move to sold, and then I create a secondary one second opportunity. It'll assign a new one, and I can move that one directly into sold, if I want to.

Matthias Miller  1:01:00
Right when it gets processed, we look at everything that's been sold, and then, and only then do we stomp stuff in?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:18
What's, what's the stuff we're stomping in?

Matthias Miller  1:01:21
I mean the order link,

Speaker 2  1:01:23
the order link is after it's processed or after it's sold. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:32
if it's not possible, it's not possible.

Matthias Miller  1:01:38
I think there will be times i It seems complicated to me.

Speaker 2  1:01:47
Well, simplify it then. But what I'm saying is, is if, if, if it's not in sold right now, and the customer says, hey, I want to buy two sheds, it's going to automatically update your opportunity to the new building and and you're going to lose the original one. I mean, you could still have inside of TSA.

Matthias Miller  1:02:08
Well, we, we would only okay if you build two. It would pick the first open one, you click order on the second one. We don't have an open opportunity. It would create an open opportunity for you at that point. So that part works, okay, okay, you have an opportunity for two sheds. They buy the first one, yep, boom, it stomps it on there. Yep. You want to go buy a second one. You've got two options. One, go create a new opportunity so that you can go through the process for the second one. Or, if you know what it is, go buy the second one, and it'll, it'll auto create. As soon as you create the quote, it'll create a new opportunity, because

Speaker 2  1:02:52
that's all we need. Then that's, that's completely fine, is it create, because we have to go inside of TSA and create the secondary quote, or the secondary order, up until, like, either way that we do it, I'm just saying that until one is actually sold, that it remains one opportunity. As soon as it sold, it becomes two for the same customer.

Matthias Miller  1:03:21
Okay, so, so when any of these events happen, except for cancelation, no for processing, let's do this. Let's, let's make this be for processing. Yes, there we go. Find all open opportunities that have not been processed. If there are multiple, find the one with a stage that is I

Matthias Miller  1:04:08
I mean, this is just tie breakers. You just got to do something.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:11
Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:04:26
Okay, so fulfilling here, let's do this. I'm

Speaker 1  1:05:00
I've got just so, you know, Matthias And Eric, I've got about just a few more minutes before I have something else I gotta run off to, okay, you're good. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:05:14
I think for the sake of handling fulfillment, fulfillment and order cancelation will have to store the order number,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:32
which is different than the serial number, right? Eric,

Speaker 2  1:05:35
yeah, the order ID, is it different than the serial number? Yes, okay, but

Matthias Miller  1:05:43
that's fine. The only reason

Speaker 1  1:05:46
I said that is because back in back when I first start, when I was in sales, we used shed suite. In shed suite, you searched everything via serial number or phone, which is just different. So which

Speaker 2  1:06:02
the serial number? Just so that you know the serial number inside of they have order ID numbers and order and whatever else. The ultimate is the serial number, and it was created that way as well. Okay, now if you talk to Bob, that's the ultimate search.

Matthias Miller  1:06:21
So do you have any reason to surface? Do sales people ever want to see the serial number? Because, I mean, we could match on serial number. That's better.

Speaker 2  1:06:29
The only time that we ever because the serial number is not applied until Elaine processes it. Yeah, so the only time it ever applies on the sales end is if the customer calls back and asks for some information about it, or, you know, and we have to search through in the in the order process, that's the only time that we use a serial number on the sales,

Matthias Miller  1:06:57
okay, so, I mean, so you don't Care, no,

Speaker 1  1:07:00
the only other time would be like, say, somebody just bought a property with a shed on it. The only thing that is going to identify our shed, other than a label, would be a serial number on the inside of the building. But

Matthias Miller  1:07:13
there was a previous buyer, and easiest easier to go into, shut up and go find it. Then, right?

Speaker 1  1:07:19
So I don't Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:07:29
I mean, I think this is pretty messy, but I think okay so for processing. So this would be prior to processing. Things that we would be updating would be delivery, address, delivery, Link, order, amount, order, amount is a little hard to I mean, do you want to set order amount after processing?

Speaker 2  1:07:53
Order amount should be after processing. It can, I mean, it can be entered, but it should update after processing,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:59
right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:08:03
so, so the delivery address, the Delivery link. Do you want that updated? I mean, do you ever want that updated? Besides, like, if a customer has a quote, and you do have an open quote, doing a sign, not do the delivery address, probably,

Speaker 2  1:08:32
well, yeah, the only reason I wanted the delivery address and link in there is a, I like to know where it's at, and B. Because of how we charge our delivery, I like to be able to open it up immediately. If I don't grab that information, I got to ask him for it multiple times and then open it up in my map. So if I can enter it once, then great. And if it doesn't change, even better. But I mean, if that's that's a training thing for it's like, Hey, Mr. Sales guy, when you do this, no big deal. But it needs to be copied from your order directly in here. At some point. How you do it is up to you. My personal preference is I'm going to be asking for that in the second or third contact so that I know where it's going and be like, well, here's your mileage rate and here's how much it's going to actually cost.

Matthias Miller  1:09:22
You are okay, I think, I think, I think this gets us through the opportunity stuff.

Speaker 1  1:09:34
Can you share that? CRM Pro, is this already shared? Yes, document, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:09:39
I will hand over to you guys. Sorry, work real quick before you have to run Jesse, any update on the Google Sheets. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:09:49
those should be up it. So I shared an opportunities folder with you that's on the on our drive. And then those how I understand. And the assignment is there, those Google Sheets are in there. If it's completely wrong, let me know, and I'll figure it out.

Matthias Miller  1:10:12
Wheat, I will. I you don't have access to this. I'm not sure why you don't. I will get you. I did. I guess,

Speaker 1  1:10:23
cool, um, Matthias, about the other stuff. I'll have to follow up with you. I can send you a message, but essentially, rich had no answers for me. So other than, other than he would like to do a remote one. He's just not sure they're trying to wrap up some projects before they can take on this one.

Matthias Miller  1:10:39
Okay, sounds good. No worries.

Speaker 2  1:10:43
Hey, Matt, oh yes. Do you want to keep going for just a second or not? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
thank you. See Jesse, yeah, we can keep going. Um, okay,

Speaker 2  1:10:54
so I don't know if you have any other questions. My only thought process is, if there is a way like in regard to my question, what's happening right now in hub I'll give you, I'll give you the feedback or the why I asked the question. Inside of HubSpot, we're notified when we get assigned to contact, but once it's inside the system, there's no notifications for when that customer goes back in and creates something, so it'll automatically run a match against Hey, we already have it inside the system, but there is zero notification inside the shed app or inside of our emails on the new quote that the customer just designed. So I came back from Christmas in two weeks, and the amount of people that I'm going through, I'm like, why is there unassigned quotes in because, because they don't assign a name inside of TSA. And so what happens is, not all of us have access to the name inside of TSA, and we don't get notifications. So what ends up happening is is I'll go into the contact to do a follow up and sent in two or three quotes over a two week period that I got no notification of. So it's just a little all it needs to do is a ping or an email bump, just saying a new quote was created.

Matthias Miller  1:12:35
All right, I don't know if it's

Speaker 2  1:12:36
possible, but I just want to give you a background on that

Unknown Speaker  1:12:40
one can trying

Matthias Miller  1:12:42
to think the best way I think we could do a conversation record. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:12:51
that's what I'm saying. But then it would just ping. And I'm pretty sure that this has the option to do that, because, I mean, you can, it has the conversations page on an opportunity. And all it needs to just say is new codes created. And then we can go, we can go into TSA and assign it to ourselves, or somebody can,

Matthias Miller  1:13:11
yeah, and if we, if I, if I create the, if I had to auto create the conversations, then we can create workflows within GHL to send the emails out. I like it, I like it, like it, like it, all right,

Speaker 2  1:13:32
yeah, is there any other questions you had on this? I mean, the hard part is, honestly comes down to my personal preference on most of this stuff, well, but I'm, I'm too, I am a little bit too get in the weeds situation, you know that? So I try to apply all the different variables, and it's not actually case of can happen.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:56
Well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:13:58
I mean, but I think I mean to my point earlier, well, this is where we have these kinds of conversations. Yeah, these, these kinds of conversations are worth 10 or 50 acts, actually, in my opinion, making something because it saves so much headache down the road. Well, like,

Speaker 2  1:14:19
if I think through, like, some of what we're getting confused about right now is the fact that, like, the needs, what were you how we're setting this up right now is actually way more involved in the sales process. We're combining the two like an order processing. Technically, it should be a workflow process for sales, and this is what it does. In this case, as soon as it gets processed, it moves directly into an automated workflow and does X, Y and Z Now, which might simplify it through on the thought process, I don't know, but when I look on the sales of. Some of the stuff we're talking about towards that tailoring this conversation has more to do with an application of order after the fact, right, right.

Speaker 2  1:15:15
So, and I'm somewhat working with downsides of the shutout too, which is, which is just this. If a customer wants a secondary quote, I don't like to take it off the original one, because if I do that, then it deletes everything that was already in it. So I'm saving a PDF file, which I do anyway, but then when I create it, I have to copy so either you have a customer name inside of TSA with multiple different quotes, and they remain open at all times until one is sold, but then you can't delete the two. So that's, that's the downside of the TSA that the CRM will not solve, or you keep it as one singular quote, and you're, you're going to get way more accurate as far as the dashboards inside of the shed app, but you're limited, and you're always comparing a PDF to a brand new quote,

Speaker 2  1:16:13
so I'm trying to limit that side of it, and it's just like, well, can we if we use TSA as a kind of a back end system where all the quotes are run through. You know, we don't even use it for reporting at any given point other than the production side and then, and then, I mean, it's going to get messy, and it's a database that's crazy big, but, you know, we don't get charged off of the database. It's that big. It's just the orders to go through. So that's the background behind that situation that I'm I'm trying to get away from. So it is nice to have an individual ID number that we're talking about in there, but if I'm thinking down through how I'm operating right now as I go inside of the TSA and search under the customer name and pick up the last date, because that's the newest one. And then if they say, Well, I actually wanted this one. Okay, cool. Then I can find it. If it's going off of an ID number and it's linked, it's only going to open that one up, and I'm going to have to change it right, right? So that's why no bar makes better sense, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:17:23
and it's, it's actually easier to implement, which I like so good.

Matthias Miller  1:17:36
Yeah, I don't I mean the opportunity piece here is, is the biggest is, oh, that's what else I was going to do.

Matthias Miller  1:17:57
The latest opportunity link, I think what I'm going to do is have it be a link that you click, and if there is no opportunity, give you an option to auto create one and then take you over to the auto created

Speaker 2  1:18:10
one. Okay, that, I mean, it's kind of that's kind of going over my head a little bit, or my mental capacity currently, but I mean, I trust you on that one. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:18:22
okay, here's the stupid thing from a contact I don't see any way how to create a new opportunity easily. I'm like, What am I missing? But no, that's

Speaker 2  1:18:30
Thank you. So what I was doing, this, like research side of it, I was in contacts, and I was like, how do you even create anything? But I mean, if you click inside of one of them,

Matthias Miller  1:18:47
where am I at here? This is Ron Talbot. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:18:50
I'm in Ron Talbot, and I would go to one sec connection lost. Why is this giving me this. I thought it was over there.

Matthias Miller  1:19:09
I'm seeing it. Yeah, here we go.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:16
Click on opportunities and click ads. It's down here in the actions, yes,

Matthias Miller  1:19:27
wait on the all the way in the left,

Speaker 2  1:19:29
yeah. So okay, go scroll up opportunities, just right there, right there, right, oh, there, there, there, there, click ads. Got it.

Matthias Miller  1:19:44
Why it's not not more visible,

Matthias Miller  1:19:54
I'd be half inclined to some of this. I. Could get me in trouble, because there's no telling when it will stop working, but I'd be half inclined to have it auto open the opportunities thing. Well,

Speaker 2  1:20:09
that's where I'm at, like on a sales end. That makes more sense if it auto opens the opportunities, because that's what you're working out of, yeah, but it's nice to find the contact information readily, right?

Matthias Miller  1:20:30
Yeah, I'll have to figure out how to do that.

Speaker 2  1:20:38
But I mean, even just a bigger view for all I care you know your primary and your additional one, because then that would make more sense if you're ever searching for somebody like somebody calls in. Hey, this is Ron. I got a quote from you two weeks ago. Okay, yeah, let me look you up. Oh, yeah. It looks like you were looking at two different buildings. Okay, cool. And at that time you can mark the other as lost inside of this, you know, if he only wants one building.

Matthias Miller  1:21:09
Yeah, that's where I think on the search. But you can't even search Ron's opportunities. You have to go, well, he doesn't have any of those code opportunities. Let's see who I got. Ricky. Where you have to go down into opportunity Ricky. And then you can actually, if you put in the whole thing, you can see it, well, that's just there. It remembered that it was expanding. Well, maybe that's because you had one. I'll bet you. That's it. I

Matthias Miller  1:21:54
don't know. Maybe there's not much to do with it. I guess my thought was though, maybe, why is that one not showing up as a link? This is very sporadic, and when it works and when it doesn't work, it's really an option. Um, yeah, my thought was, was that we just have this link here? First of all, this label is supposed to be a link, and it's not. But this link here, if you open it up, pop it open, and then there's no opportunity. It would create you a new one, or give you an option to create a

Unknown Speaker  1:22:24
new one, right? No, agreed.

Matthias Miller  1:22:36
Instead, we would have that information, okay?

Matthias Miller  1:22:48
I mean, I think that's all that

Speaker 2  1:22:49
I have for now, for the day, yeah, I mean, there's probably going to be some stuff after we, like, after you have that set up, and we actually create one, we're going to run through it be like, Okay, I mean, maybe this needs to be tweaked. But other than that, we're not gonna know.

Matthias Miller  1:23:03
No, we're not all right, good. Sounds

Unknown Speaker  1:23:08
good? Thank you. Yep, not a problem. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai