Unknown Speaker  03:17
Hey, hey, hey,

Matthias Miller  03:20
hey,

Speaker 1  03:22
So what you got, actually, before you got I got something. So I'm taking this workshop, so to speak, from a fellow in Justin Brooks network. It is kind of derived, well, let me put it this way, the pathway I entered through is kind of derived from Travis segos whole system in a nutshell. Are you familiar with Travis segos system? We,

Matthias Miller  03:46
I mean, we've talked so nobody really knows what the system is, but yes, the

Speaker 1  03:51
shortest possible version, and who knows if I can do it justice, but is to put out a they call it a hand raiser. I'll call it a teaser, just to see if there is interest. And then of the people that respond, you give them some sort of offer that's like an easy sell, like, you know, not, not a VSL, not a whatever, just like, here's, here's what's going on. If you want to join, jump in anyway. I have, I have dabbled around the fringes of that for a while. I bought this version because, like, I think this guy is a good teacher. He actually knows what he's talking about. He's actually done it. He's able to explain it better. And where was he going with that? And so I have noticed that, although in theory, this could be used to sell anything, I'm pretty sure that what it fits best is like coaching, training, memberships, that sort of thing. And so it just dawned on me that once we get rolling, it could be the perfect way to sell our shed guy, shed dealer, Master. Mind, or whatever we're going to call this thing. So keep that in mind. It basically boils down to run some Facebook ads, low ticket, low dollar Facebook ads to a lead magnet that is going to solve the audience's main pain point, get them into an email list, and then from there, get them on, you know, either a chat or a call or webinar if you want, and sell them into the end of the program. And I actually think it might be very effective. So keep that in mind in the background here for upcoming months or something. All

Matthias Miller  05:34
right, well, if it's as good as what you suggested with Kirsten, then five

Speaker 1  05:41
years, that's hilarious. Okay, all right, I'm glad I was able to make some good suggestion. My goal in life to be useful.

Matthias Miller  05:52
Well, that's mine too, and it's amazing how much money you churn through trying to find the useful pieces. Oh, you're

Unknown Speaker  05:59
not kidding, yep.

Matthias Miller  06:02
All right, well, so Kirsten showed me I got ADP verified. I set the workflow in my system now I can start feeding fresh leads in, I guess maybe, maybe I can just side note round table, unique ability assignment. I did that bit with my friend, a friend of mine, the gentleman I've been working with for the last two years pretty much weekly. And he's like, your unique ability is creativity, and your ability to assimilate ideas, figure out where they fit in the world, and integrate them in, and see the big picture in the roadmap. And he was like, that's where you're a good consultant. I was

Unknown Speaker  06:58
like, interesting.

Matthias Miller  06:59
Also, I have increasingly been feeling shockingly helpless at times, and I think it's just process of growth. I

Unknown Speaker  07:10
fight that all the time.

Matthias Miller  07:17
All right, so here's my GG account. I have the automation set up. I imported all historical leads that I would have them. What it was getting ready to do was all right, were you using I mean, man like these just came in while I was on lunch. No, thanks, obviously, yes, I will talk to you to see what you have Yes. Um, stupid. I hate ghls. Okay, well, anyway, I'll try to hold my ring. I hate ghls. They're highly innovative. I get it. Move fast, break things. Fix fast, whatever.

Matthias Miller  08:06
So this is not interested. Thanks for texting us all right. So these are all the new ones that came in. No thanks. Best of luck. These are all from yesterday. I um, all right,

Matthias Miller  08:29
so we can also change this filter to now we don't have dates. Of course, we wouldn't have dates. Why would we have dates? Nobody wants dates. Anyway. All right. No, go. This guy's Be careful. Out of insecure baby man running said businesses in Illinois, the tiny bit of SIDS I do and have been have done in Illinois for the past nine years, I've been retired. I've been robbed, business stolen from me, severely harassed. My phone was made unusable and cloned. Fake orders made, fake appointments, made FYI. 90% of it was a young kid that owned the shed company against owned the shed company in Springfield, Illinois. He's since quit doing it to me, since I have his addresses and phone numbers of his business and addresses and numbers of his family. But she really, I really couldn't tell you any more about this area, and I wouldn't tell you any more about any other areas. Main two things, in my opinion,

Unknown Speaker  09:19
second, anyway, whatever. Okay,

Matthias Miller  09:23
I just thought it was hilarious. We can start

Speaker 1  09:29
that seriously. I've got a suggestion. Somebody like that, the one thing they don't have is any trouble talking. Why don't you literally tell them, Well, what would Joshua long say? Something like, Thanks for the 411, it you know what I'm talking about, right? Thanks for the info. Thanks for sure. Ask him like if he knows or can recommend anyone else. We could talk to I like it or contact. So literally, you're asking for a referral, not for business, but for a conversation.

Matthias Miller  10:20
How's that? Sure

Speaker 1  10:22
fire away. And I would, I would send a similar message to anybody who actually talks to you but shuts the door on themselves, like, like, I'm not the right fit. I'm not available, whatever it is. And obviously not the people who say, Stop, you're a spammer. Go away to save but anybody else who actually responds with

Matthias Miller  10:50
Yep, okay, so for some of these guys, my thought was okay. Here, I want to do a what would you call? Okay, there, like some of these guys I want to touch base with, let's just call it outreach. So this one would be, let's see if I can search by phone number on the contact.

Matthias Miller  11:21
It's Fj.

Matthias Miller  11:28
Come on, dude,

Speaker 1  11:34
should be in the email field instead of the Name field you're copying email. Does it Okay?

Matthias Miller  11:42
Here? Let's do this, sheds and sheds. That's what it is, sheds and sheds and sheds. And then we'll just do a

Speaker 1  11:58
okay, oh, I'm sorry you're copying from one GHL to another. Is that what's one?

Matthias Miller  12:03
It is I've inputted contacts into my GHL. I just want to create an opportunity for,

Matthias Miller  12:15
or what do I call this box, leagues, something like that that I remember to follow with them. Yeah. Well, names required, so that means we're gonna have to open this up and save this so I can save the other one. I'm

Matthias Miller  12:46
all right, we're going to do this. There's no way to create an opportunity from a contact, which I think is just abysmal. All right, Fox leads follow up in February. All right, so then that's that one. And actually, let's put the link in here.

Matthias Miller  13:09
By the way, check this out. I added a custom app that link advises this. Whenever you fill in the link,

Speaker 1  13:15
how cool is that? Wait, I'm sorry I pointed the screen, please. Oh, okay.

Matthias Miller  13:20
When you put a link in here, you can right click, you can copy the link, and I'll be able to just drop it in there, go straight to the

Unknown Speaker  13:28
convo. Oh, cool.

Matthias Miller  13:31
One of the most one of the more useful ones. Okay, so that's that he's getting ready to head out of town. Okay, the the Livonia store. Okay, let's, let's go find out, I guess this guy. So here's how you here's how you reverse engineer it. Then wait life. Oh, wow. What's that? Struggle grows expanded that? Why does it say struggle grows exceed? Um, shed. Builder shed. I

Unknown Speaker  14:12
didn't know you could search by phone number and Google.

Matthias Miller  14:14
Here you go. The southern boy. All right, so then here is sheds of Hendersonville. This is kind of crazy. I know some of these areas, fish, southern boy sheds and trailers, sheds of Henderson. Let's see if we can get the guy's name, premium portal products.

Matthias Miller  14:50
No, we would want you to Oh, I know how i.

Matthias Miller  15:00
I probably shouldn't be. I should be pulling you through the weeds as much or not. I don't want to waste your time.

Speaker 1  15:16
Yeah, but I it's clearly worth my time to stick with you and help you. If it's helpful, it is helpful. I'm seeing it either,

Matthias Miller  15:26
Alright, so here's my thought. We would Livonia. So this is, this is the premier portable products. No, it's a, it's a premier, yeah, Premier portable products

Matthias Miller  15:51
in oops, which one is it? Lavonia, this guy. So we need to take the phone number, find out if it's legit it is. And what we'll do over here is add that go high level. We're going to add a new contact. Let

Matthias Miller  16:27
so this is premier sheds, Lavonia, Virginia. Was it where? Was

Matthias Miller  16:42
there? Was, again, Georgia phone number, and we are going to do well, let's

Matthias Miller  17:00
this is we want Google Maps, SMS and pipeline shed, and we are going to then anything else we need should move on here. We can put this in the website. I

Matthias Miller  17:29
All right, and then here what we could do is just take this. I

Matthias Miller  18:15
Something like that. So we boom, yeah, alright, so that one, and actually, we could hear as well the source, contact source, let's just throw this in here too, so we've got all right, yeah, what's your schedule? Like? Okay, so like this guy, I

Speaker 1  18:51
the red on the right, on the triangle on the far right, little high, no, I'm sorry. So you sent a message in it, jam, did you see that on your left hand.

Matthias Miller  19:03
Let me go figure out the contacts. Conversations. All right, well,

Matthias Miller  19:22
contact, contacts.

Matthias Miller  19:33
I have ATP, you said ATP is working?

Speaker 1  19:37
Well, there's multiple parts that is there any way you can go back to the little box. Yeah, that one. Whoa, right there. So, so see the con. See the middle column where you or the messages, and slightly to the right and up there's like an a user icon. Okay, there it is. Oh, I must have a little bit of screen lag. I was trying to read that very tool tip you had for a second, and then it went away. What did. Actually say,

Matthias Miller  20:02
well, you're sending using a local mobile number, but don't have it. Don't have don't have A to P. And I thought I got an email that it was verified, but let me pull up the HP

Speaker 1  20:12
status. Okay, so go to settings down there, way bottom left corner, way bottom left. I

Matthias Miller  20:24
Okay, wait until you are caught up.

Unknown Speaker  20:32
Okay, I'm in the

Matthias Miller  20:34
phone numbers tab now.

Speaker 1  20:38
I see phone numbers and default number call timeout, 20 seconds. And that is okay. Specifically, that is 7102, go through the tabs there on the top, usage summary, regulatory bundle and all that at the top. Which one that's good. Just keep working through them to the yep Trust Center. So is there both verified, approved go through all the sub tabs, brand campaigns and all that.

Matthias Miller  21:14
Brand failed on the 10th succeeded on the 11th. Campaigns. Low volume, verified. Stir, which is voice, voice, which I don't need.

Speaker 1  21:31
How many go to the analytics. Next tab over the top one, yeah. Error rate, sent, delivered, undelivered. Undelivered. Let's see what's in

Matthias Miller  21:45
here. These are old ones, okay.

Unknown Speaker  21:50
And error rate. These

Matthias Miller  21:53
are 13, but it's not showing this message that I tried to send

Speaker 1  22:07
7102, and hover over that red box so I can see the tool tip one more time. You're sending messages in the USA using a local enrollment. But you do not have okay, we recommend purchasing a number first and then come that is like a total bug. Um, what is going on with that? What's in that? From drop down? Yes, this number, just that number, and it's going to basically the one, okay, um,

Matthias Miller  22:47
and why is the reply stopped? Unsubscribe in there. Technically, I'm supposed to

Speaker 1  22:54
have it, but that's kind of enforced by default, until you've ramped up and passed their limits as an as a new, new, new phone number user, you will be able to turn that off some days. It's going to be a while

Unknown Speaker  23:17
that's a pain.

Matthias Miller  23:20
So Carson, try it.

Speaker 1  23:24
You could. I don't. I'm Yes, sure. Try it. Let's see what happens. I'm pretty sure that's not gonna get through. But, oh no, okay, yeah, no, um, okay, so why is that? Let's try adding me as a content I'm going to give you my Google Voice number, which I know for a fact works with GHL messages. Add me as a contact, and let's just see if, if it does the same, coming up into chat Chanti in just A second. Wrong box, that's the right box. There you

Matthias Miller  24:40
Hey, let me try. How would I add you to a workflow? I.

Speaker 1  25:08
I'm sorry. I was faintly distracted by an incoming message for a moment. Why are you adding me to a workflow see if workflows behave differently? Okay, all good. Did you send a manual test yet? I don't think it came through nothing new yet.

Matthias Miller  25:25
Oh, let's do execution logs.

Matthias Miller  25:32
Failed, undelivered.

Speaker 1  25:36
Okay, so I'm

Speaker 1  25:46
Oh, I thought you left already. Okay, all right, no problem. Yes, I answered you twice, actually, but maybe you didn't see so what's that? Oh, yeah, sure. Okay, I'll catch you later. Sorry, working from home today. Bruce, okay.

Matthias Miller  26:15
I mean, is this a just a support ticket?

Speaker 1  26:19
Yes, but let's do this. Side note, I just had my other two meetings, appointments, whatever today canceled, so I literally have all day. I have a million things to do, but literally any of my time you want. I'm going to give it to you because this is important to me. I know for a fact that support will go better if I use my old agency account? Oh, wait, wait, let me clarify something. How old is your GHL? Like, literally, when did you first subscribe?

Matthias Miller  26:45
A month or two? So ago? Just

Speaker 1  26:49
a month or two? Yeah, so mine is nearly pushing a year old, and so if I call from that account, I will, and this is a proven fact, not a guess, I will get a different level of support. They basically don't even communicate well with buyers who are less than, I think it's three months old. So if you want, I'll have to hang up for a bit, but I can run over to the office and I can hop on their support, which they do over zoom, by the way, but you had said you wanted to go somewhere else at the end of the hour. Yeah, I need

Matthias Miller  27:25
to be somewhere else at the end of the hour. I can give you access to this account if you need,

Speaker 1  27:31
yeah, I don't need administrator level access.

Matthias Miller  27:36
You said you do.

Speaker 1  27:39
I will take it will need to be admin, admin, Administrator level access.

Matthias Miller  27:46
Good. No,

Speaker 1  27:47
let's see, probably not. I'm thinking, you better add me at the agency level at the top.

Matthias Miller  27:54
Can you hear multiple agencies? I already have an agency account,

Speaker 1  28:00
yep. Are you able to hear me? Okay, or is audio buzzing out? I can hear you, okay, so like you are in a sub account here in your GHL, yeah. I have my I have my own agency, exactly. Go to agency view, yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:14
add you to the agency. Yes, got

Speaker 1  28:17
it. Add me as an admin here. I during

Speaker 1  28:30
I mean, you can kick me out anytime, if you can just leave me as full admin so that I'm not restricted in any way or done. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  28:42
Hey, you want to see me log in?

Speaker 1  28:45
Yes, it will. And then, trust me, I won't be mucking around in your sub accounts. I get it. I've got the invite. I'm going to open in a new window after your so you're leaving here in just a bit, and will, will you be available later today?

Matthias Miller  29:07
Yeah, in about an hour. Ish, depends how long it takes. Awesome.

Speaker 1  29:12
So I'll probably do lunch and stuff while you're gone, and then start a support session with jhL. Let's pick up whenever it's convenient for you. Still loading jhL is always very slow for me. Quick question while you're waiting, I was just looking through some notes, and last fall, we were having some discussion or something that I titled shed Guild, and I am pulling an entire blank on what shed guild was. Was it was it

Matthias Miller  29:45
was a different name for the podcast. It

Unknown Speaker  29:49
was the podcast, okay?

Speaker 1  29:59
And it. Your mind, what do you call this endeavor that we're working on now?

Matthias Miller  30:04
I mean, I don't even know. I mean, it falls under I mean shed Titans is the podcast. I mean this falls under coat house. I just don't know.

Unknown Speaker  30:17
No problem. I

Unknown Speaker  30:29
almost there, setting the password, etc, etc. I

Speaker 1  30:40
Oh, it doesn't like my password. Okay,

Matthias Miller  30:53
let's do I

Speaker 1  31:21
Security Code almost there. I

Speaker 1  31:49
Okay, and at long last time in sorry for the way. Okay, that is good that. Let me just make extra sure I can get to the right sub account, and it is the one called Code Haas. Correct.

Matthias Miller  32:00
Yes.

Speaker 1  32:03
Switch to sub account should give me an ID. That was interesting. It didn't switch. Here it goes. Sub account name is code aus and ID is got it? Okay, awesome. That is all I need. And I will start working on that while you're gone. Okay, cool. Any other and before you go, was there other generalities you wanted to discuss about the Carsten system here, or something?

Matthias Miller  32:39
Yeah. I mean, I think this, you know, the some of these, I just need to do outreach over to, you know, the the respective places,

Matthias Miller  32:57
um, and then it's like just looking at, I mean, not necessarily generalities, but just looking at he encouraged using a booking calendar. Maybe I should change and I just use my calendar, my Google booking calendar. I don't know

Matthias Miller  33:16
if I should be using a different booking link.

Speaker 2  33:22
Um, Link,

Matthias Miller  33:27
other ways to if I should be doing any follow up with any of these, looking at different messages, I don't know

Speaker 1  33:39
how about how I guess I could just come through some of these messages and give you feedback on different one. How's that?

Matthias Miller  33:50
Yeah, do you got access to Carson's testing?

Speaker 1  33:56
Oh, no, I'm sorry. That's right. That's in Carson, did he? I don't think he. I

Speaker 1  34:05
uh, trying to shut that down, move it all over to yours and shut his down.

Matthias Miller  34:11
Well, I mean, that makes sense to me, but am I thinking about it wrong?

Speaker 1  34:16
Um, not all, with sole exception that he's obviously got an account that is aged and verified and everything, and he's able to turn off the signature, which is actually fairly important. It's proven to increase response rate. Don't have the stop to unsubscribe and, you know, thanks co hosts and all that I would, I would Yeah, I don't know. I would just let his run for a while, while we while we learn to

Matthias Miller  34:47
Yeah. And what does it take to get my account up to the up to there,

Unknown Speaker  34:52
time and volume of messages? Okay, more details on that. Later. But

Matthias Miller  35:02
sounds good? Well, I don't I guess if we see in here, there's really not that much more required.

Speaker 1  35:08
I mean, it looks like you're having some good conversations, like people, the one your mouse was on right there, they were talking to you, obviously, yeah,

Matthias Miller  35:17
yeah. I mean, definitely texting back and forth. You know, maybe think I was AI or whatever

Speaker 1  35:27
I would, I would test so I see that you're dropping people this Google Calendar link. That's not bad, but a lot of people just do not take action on that sort of thing. I would every other one. Instead of giving the link, I would just try to get them to state a time they're available, and then you could skip the whole link process, yep, and just see which one goes better. All right, works for me. Alright. I'll let you go for now, and I'll be working on that.

Matthias Miller  35:59
Thanks. Thanks. Bye. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai