Unknown Speaker  00:48
Good morning, sir. Good Morning Joe.

Unknown Speaker  00:56
So we can bless

Unknown Speaker  00:59
every viewer of the recording with our greetings

Matthias Miller  01:07
there are other ways to do notetaking and things like that but back to you for reference and

Unknown Speaker  01:19
absentee here while we wait for folks to come on All right,

Speaker 1  01:22
I'm in an in a Lectio Divina group with a an attorney who's whose transcription service automatically connected to his into the Zoom meeting that we use so

Unknown Speaker  01:51
good morning.

Matthias Miller  01:55
It's one of those emails. Yep, we can hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah.

Speaker 2  01:59
All right. I'm gonna attempt to just be on the phone and hopefully my videos viewed so you don't see the inside of my vehicle as I drive and participate in this conversation.

Unknown Speaker  02:13
Now it's your voice is coming through for like faintly for me. Is it I mean, I'll turn up my volume here.

Unknown Speaker  02:24
Either that or I can talk about it.

Speaker 1  02:28
Some combination of the two sounds seems like it should work well.

Speaker 2  02:35
Well, if I if I speak too faintly, and tell me to talk about it. I don't generally have a problem talking louder.

Speaker 1  02:42
All right. Well, we're gonna kind of thing Hey, Ben.

Speaker 3  02:50
Hey, Joe. Good morning Ben. Good morning with ice.

Unknown Speaker  03:33
Righty Well, Josh might have gotten caught up with coffee and donuts What's up the coffee?

Unknown Speaker  04:05
And have you been in touch with

Unknown Speaker  04:07
Ellis this morning? I've not Oh,

Matthias Miller  04:13
okay. They may call they may call in to get bad internet.

Unknown Speaker  04:16
Give it a try.

Unknown Speaker  04:58
Go Good

Unknown Speaker  05:17
morning. Good morning. All right, Josh, are you able to hear us? See you're muted

Unknown Speaker  05:34
you might be trying to call in. Got it?

Speaker 4  05:38
I'm not sure. Because he was he was saying he's hoping to call and so

Unknown Speaker  05:44
all sizes down so that is that makes any impact

Unknown Speaker  06:07
remembering

Unknown Speaker  06:17
there we go

Speaker 3  06:23
all right. Good morning.

Unknown Speaker  06:29
Hey, good morning.

Unknown Speaker  06:33
Mark here. We have been going over the the proposal here, like we've been looking at now. So we're excited.

Matthias Miller  06:46
Great. Sounds good. So my thought for this morning was just going through the proposal, and kind of doing a walk through stopping for questions. And I think we got 90 minutes blocked out, see him, see if we can get through it during that time. And want to make sure that sounds

Unknown Speaker  07:06
good to all you think I'm missing?

Speaker 4  07:11
Now that sounds great. Is there some way that you can be indicating what isn't isn't done already? I mean, should we put like an asterisk on items that are there? There's some asterisks here. And there's sections that are perfect. Okay, so yeah. So anything that isn't estrous we think is done. Yes. Nice, great.

Matthias Miller  07:31
Well, anything that's not asterisk or is not in this must have section. I mean, it's Epstein it. Sure that's, that's fair. Yep. Makes sense. Okay, so, so basic accounting features, income statement, balance sheet, budgeting entry, we're not actually using but just mentioning it here, as it stands now, because there may be if we're doing budget by dint dynamic classes, or whatever we end up calling that we might end up doing that differently. But just noting here that it is here, you know, General Ledger in GL accounts. Check Register, double entry credits and debits, income and expense classes. Mark one question I did have since we're not using conventional classes, can we just remove this section?

Speaker 5  08:30
Okay, explain what you mean by we're not using conventional art classes? Yeah. Like we initially taught classes where we can create like many income statements and many financial reports based on the class like maybe it would be wholesale would be one class and retail would be another class. Right right.

Matthias Miller  08:53
Instead, we're gonna make a dynamic report generate that

Speaker 5  08:59
Yeah, yeah, I think that yeah, that can just be be removed

Matthias Miller  09:09
cash accounts this had been a question that came up earlier, we do have gacha counts as a subtype of the asset account type

Unknown Speaker  09:17
used to track track cash. So

Matthias Miller  09:20
phase one. This description is wrong. Well, anyway, we said it was minimum requirements for January when 2023 But So Mark, same thing on this income statement by class report that we've got here. I've also got it I'm trying to remember where I put it. I've got it here somewhere.

Matthias Miller  09:56
Dealer, dynamic classes. Oh, Mmm, something in the income statement by class, we can also also just remove

Unknown Speaker  10:05
all right.

Matthias Miller  10:08
multiple companies support is here in coded FDI inventory processes. We are not tracking working progress for finished goods inventory tracking. So there's some permissions as far as Can you view the FTI costs? Can you edit them? And can you configure them? In levels of control? We've got three fixed cost categories, raw materials, production, labor, production overhead, these are standard cost categories. I don't think we actually use an assigned numeric ID. It's not really relevant. So each building has two costs, there's the standard costs, which is what we project then there's the actual cost, which is what it actually cost us, the district. The, for the raw material, the raw materials that is happens at a district level, because price of lumber doesn't change from from builder to builder, etc. And then each builder specifies what their production labor and production overhead is. As a percentage of the manufacturer price, the manufacturer price is effectively this is primarily for probably Joel and possibly Ben's benefit. But in LSB, the manufacturer price is this fixed, standardized pricing that we use to drive all kinds of other things that is independent of fluctuating other types of fluctuations. That's kind of a haphazard explanation, but it's a way of, of resilience against price elasticity, I guess. There are some builders who get paid, who don't get paid the actual cost of the building, we just write him a check 12% 15% of the building, whatever it is, and that is literally the cost to build. And in that case, there's a freeze labor as actual cost, which freezes that that percentage as an actual cost. And those are for for shops as fixed labor rates, some notes on migration.

Speaker 5  12:21
You can also freeze those caught, can can you do that on the other two categories as well. The no rock care of any overhead?

Matthias Miller  12:33
No, we we've said we only need it for production labor is well, you can't, you can't automatically freeze them. But I think you could go into the building record and freeze them there if you need to do it on a per building basis. Got it.

Speaker 5  12:57
And that was that's how we would use I'll stay on a custom building where it's a we just

Unknown Speaker  13:09
maybe it's a large

Speaker 5  13:11
building, and we just buy the entire lumber package or that the whole package from from like flows or waterfall. And we want to enter for that one specific rather than a percent. We want to say we know this cost materials on this one or 45,000, then we could manually enter that that would allow us to manually enter that we could create that and that would just remain at 45.

Unknown Speaker  13:44
That's correct. All right.

Matthias Miller  13:50
And then we have actual costs. extra costs are broken down by district and year, district being the state region. And then which and so district you're in category. So Ohio's 2023 costs for production labor. And then it has an RG of period dates starting at January 1, you specify the end date, and you specify the cost for the period. It shows you the manufacturer costs and shows you the percentage. And then there's an update building records report that takes that and distributes that out to the actual buildings as the actual cost for those buildings. And we'll get down we'll get get to where the what we'll get to more of that process. But that's how

Unknown Speaker  14:41
is that a month? Is that a quarter? Is that a week?

Matthias Miller  14:43
It's more like a month or a quarter? It's not really a specific I mean, we've given them flex, dental flexibility to site how often they want to close these out for something like production overhead. It might actually make more sense to do it over. I mean, it makes it Let's do it over longer periods of time for something like production labor, you know, shorter periods of time, you could get 30. I mean, if you don't mind the fluctuation in your numbers, you can do that even on a weekly basis. Mark, you can speak into more of the actual accounting process as far as how often you're planning to do that.

Unknown Speaker  15:19
Well, I think

Speaker 5  15:21
it's, yeah, it's built in such a way that it's the management piece of it, you know how often you do that. But what I would, what I expect is we're going to do materials monthly, and labor and overhead quarterly, going shorter than that, especially on on overhead, will give us too much fluctuation from time to time. Like if we have gone in a month, where we repair two of the forklifts and we incur a lot of costs, then, by going too short, a period will, will make those buildings like it will apply all of those costs to all around the buildings where we go long rental. Yeah, so I am expecting monthly and quarterly but yep, just that knowing what I know now, that's what I would expect.

Matthias Miller  16:21
Then we have a configuration record for financial allocations, this is per district, by the effective date and per district. And this is basically this is the bridge between accounting and FDI. I'm actually going to switch these, I'm going to say FDI. And accounting because we start from FDI into accounting. And so basically it's saying like if you have an FDI cost, where does the where does it originate from? What's the source account? What's the destination account for labor, when it's built? And then what about when it's sold, ie, the accounting sale date is on delivery. And so what's the expense account, the variance account, if you build and deliver a shed within a month, there is no variance. But let's say you build, you build a shed. And even on a customer's shed build a shed close out the period, and then it gets delivered on the on the depth or whatever, then, and the actual cost ends up being different than the standard cost. So we would, we would record a variance account for that. Sales Orders we've got AR unearned income, a different accounts for the different types of payments, cash credit check, a main payment and accountant a fee account. So for example, Stripe and the merchant fee account. Okay, so that sales tax account, the sales tax goes into shipping income, and then an income account where we can specify, you know, this account, this we want this type of building to go into this account, that type of building to go into that account, et cetera, et cetera. Accessories, we are going to accessories can specify a search term. And based on the search term in the accessory, we will assign the account and then also an account for discounts. And we'll get into more how these are used.

Speaker 6  18:28
Is this a single record? That's that settings in dredged up ongoing has this?

Matthias Miller  18:35
Yeah, yeah, this is this is a single record with an effective date and district that controls things from the date of this effective date until the date of a new configuration record with a with a subsequent effective date.

Speaker 6  18:51
When you talk about effective date, is that the date of the like? Like the transaction, so if I'm not reconciling stuff, I might have different settings records depending on when the date of transactions or

Matthias Miller  19:05
when the date of accounting event occurs. So it could be the date the building is built. It could be the date the the shed is delivered. It could be the date the ah, I don't know the payment is made.

Speaker 6  19:27
That's building could be affected by multiple of these if it was built within the effective date of one record and deliver another one.

Unknown Speaker  19:37
Correct. Okay.

Matthias Miller  19:43
I think it's highly, highly unlikely the FBI count counts will change income accounts are probably the most income accounts accessories are probably the most likely to change. Change. If anything, I'm expecting this to be pretty static.

Unknown Speaker  20:02
You know, let me know, because I'm sure I understand what the

Matthias Miller  20:04
structure is like. Makes sense. Okay, but getting into building costs on the building record.

Speaker 6  20:11
Sorry, can I go back to that? The FBI allocation is this has true tested this. And so like, is this all set up in the test system? Is it set up in the live system? Like we're, where's it at right now?

Speaker 3  20:26
Ben, do you know if and that was in the test that I'm not sure where that might have been might be in a live system at that point.

Matthias Miller  20:44
It's nowhere right now. Oh, we're heading to the input with the accounting, running the accounting important issues. So it's nowhere right now it's in an important file sitting somewhere.

Speaker 6  20:58
Okay. One of the conversations that I'm dying to have is just system versus live system. I will hold that piece until we're done. This. Sounds good.

Matthias Miller  21:16
If you want to hold something, instead, you can hold just hold the dub and symbol of that building costs are on the building record. There's an RG with the category standard cost per cent, which is copied from the district record, standard cost dollar that's automatically calculated whether to freeze the standard cost is actual cost Mark, this is where you could override that custom building, when you've got an actual dollar figure for one of those, those amounts on the actual cost date, ie the date that the actual cost was calculated the actual dollar, the variance, which is automatically calculated the variances the actual cost versus standard cost, the accounting basis. So when a building, when you close out a cost, prior to calculate when you close out a period, like okay, it makes really, let me give a simple example. In the scenario that I described, where we build a shed, we determine the actual cost. And then we sell, sell that cost. In that case, the accounting basis is going to be standard cost. Because that is the like, we're basically going to say we're treating this cost as if it were like we've expensive already expensed it out as standard costs at standard cost. And any adjustments need to be a variance. Now, if you deliver the shed before the end of the month, before you determine actual cost at that point, we will we can expense out the actual cost and the accounting basis will be the actual cost of the building. So it kind of basis might not quite be the right term. The cogs basis might be

Unknown Speaker  23:05
a better term, perhaps. Does that. Make sense?

Speaker 5  23:16
So where are we showing the accounting basis? Like where will that be used? What are we?

Matthias Miller  23:27
It would be on the building record. And it's it's used to determine accounting impact to know whether we need to use the

Speaker 3  23:41
let's do this. So I don't accidentally do things I shouldn't have been test system and the live system. So I mean, it would be

Matthias Miller  23:58
it would be here on a specific like raw materials

Speaker 5  24:12
and they can be different for like a building could have. Yeah, the raw materials could be actual and the other standards

Matthias Miller  24:23
because in this case, if it's if it's spending January and February, then you might have record solid material. But since you do labor and overhead on a quarterly basis, those would actually you could actually expense out based on actual costing.

Speaker 5  24:41
But on the like on the accounting reports or the financial reports, you won't necessarily you won't really see that but I think a way to think about that is like we get to the end of the first quarter and If we would look at a an income statement balance sheet on April 1, then we would we would just know that these numbers are closed, we haven't done our actual cost allocations, and we probably should do those, you know, 10 to the 15th of that month, for the first period. And at that point, we would know that numbers would would shift slightly, like your cogs would increase or decrease and your finished goods inventory as an asset would would increase or decrease by the same amount basically.

Matthias Miller  25:58
That is, that is correct. And how much that changes is, you know, basically a management slash accounting decision based on what standard cost percentage you've calculated prior.

Speaker 5  26:15
The closer your standard boasting percentages are, the more dialed in they are the less your numbers are going to shift.

Unknown Speaker  26:26
Correct.

Unknown Speaker  26:29
Yeah, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  26:32
I mean, one other way to describe this is if you have a building, you can you can fluctuate it's cogs expense up until the point of delivery, but at the point of delivery then it cannot change after that point. Whatever you've got calculated you have to freeze that cogs expense at that point and there is no more adjusting and any further adjustments adjustments have to be done through the variance account

Unknown Speaker  27:11
okay

Matthias Miller  27:16
and then accounting cost dollars and and the variance is just these are just if you choose actual then it's it's going to show actual cost. And no, if it shows standard, it's going to show actual cost and the variance from sorry, it's gonna show standard cost of the variance from standard if you show actual cost it's going to show actual cost as the as the as the cost dollars and as your dollar variance. So these are just for visibility to understand accounting impact of what this particular row impact has on accounting. Joel, this is probably one of the places where I would anticipate you might have some things to weigh in Do you have any

Unknown Speaker  28:05
input guidance questions?

Speaker 1  28:11
Man, nothing. Nothing just offhand. Yeah

Speaker 4  28:20
so one question How much are you looking at this in the screen itself? Have you considered putting that to a child screen just to get or into a separate section? So you get more with

Unknown Speaker  28:30
or do you see not look at it? I'm just saying you're

Speaker 4  28:35
needing to scroll the scroll around I don't know if people or are the

Unknown Speaker  28:39
yeah

Speaker 4  28:44
that's that's a minor question. You can pursue it separately. And if no one cares, I don't care. I don't care.

Matthias Miller  28:49
I think we've also talked about hiding it just so that it's there's less

Unknown Speaker  28:55
perhaps even hiding some of the

Matthias Miller  28:59
Yeah, hiding this entire section just so that's less visibility on the main screen.

Unknown Speaker  29:06
Dwayne, do you have an opinion

Speaker 2  29:13
without being able to see what you're looking at almost in the office and I can pull it up and have my computer open I don't without seeing what you're looking at how the opinion Okay,

Speaker 4  29:23
I will just consider having an FTA button and then you'd have everything spread out where you can see it immediately. It might be worth doing so.

Matthias Miller  29:37
Okay, credit card fees. Alright.

Speaker 6  29:44
Has ellipses here or asterisks which I think means not completely done. Like what is this started? I mean, obviously it started saying that detail screen. Um, well,

Matthias Miller  29:57
we update building inventory of mountains that we have rest of the stuff built out presumably breaking Bucha separate job, I kind of think it might be done but I'm sticking look.

Speaker 6  30:21
Presumably, we're not tracking Drew's testing in this.

Unknown Speaker  30:24
So no, we're not. That's actually done except for the to do to move it to child screen

Unknown Speaker  30:47
credit card fees,

Matthias Miller  30:47
Josh added a fee column to the payments or G, that's updated from stripe. So it is a it is $1 and cents per $1,000 Charge, it's going to be $3.17 or whatever the appropriate fee is $3.30

Unknown Speaker  31:03
or whatever.

Matthias Miller  31:09
Excuse the lack of precision that's going to be used to anyway, let's think it's clear how that's used accounting transactions, then we'll be able to link to a standard sales order. And this will this is used to create enact transactions based on FDI.

Matthias Miller  31:33
We added a warning when you unlink Billings and sales orders from each other that they may have an unexpected impact on accounting. And we kind of just left it at that Here Be Dragons think about it. Payment deposit date, Mark is working on defining the payment deposit process. There's blue charts that Mark was working on yesterday along these lines. And so this is an undone part, accessories on the sales order sales order can have might be helpful, just pull this pull up a sales order.

Unknown Speaker  32:18
And let's just do this.

Unknown Speaker  32:33
So here's a

Unknown Speaker  32:42
really good example.

Unknown Speaker  32:45
If you search for one, like, Yeah,

Matthias Miller  32:49
so like here's two garage doors. So what we've got, we'll have automatic kind of default assignments for the account. So it includes the word garage, we think it should be this, this income account, and then you'll be able to go in and assign the account and approve it. As part of the as part of the process. The main reason for this is basically that salespeople like to go fast and like to go sloppy, and we would rather than go fast and sloppy and make make money and fix it on the back end and have them be slow and grouchy and not making money on the front end. So given the options, this is the way to go.

Matthias Miller  33:38
So there's that feeling, sales orders. Occasionally we have sales orders that impact raw material cost. So we have a custom field and sales orders or raw material costs, and which will update the sales order kind of impact. And then confirm that when it kind of calculates the total raw material costs for a period these are not included in that total. So I think this is along the lines of when somebody comes to one of the builders and says, Man, we need a we need a truckload of lumber. Can you please place an order for that? They're like yep, and here's your invoice. And then on this on the sales, here's a sales order on the sales order we put in the the raw material cost, so that we know that was the raw material cost was associated with this sales order. It was not used in building buildings.

Unknown Speaker  34:38
On that Messiah

Speaker 5  34:39
Am I correct that in order for accounting to reflect what happens we'll have to create. Waffles are creating a sales order or an invoice for every But or for every brand or every every time we take money we receive funds other than say a capital contribution to the company we would have to have a associated sales order invoice have a sales order or an invoice to go with that to show what that money is for like

Matthias Miller  35:34
I mean the likely answer is yes and the somewhat caveat answer is that you can still manually enter enter transactions or income received if you want to although if you're receiving money for something that impacts raw materials it does have to go

Unknown Speaker  35:55
through the sales order impacts sales tax etc

Unknown Speaker  36:05
Mark finish your thought

Speaker 5  36:07
do we have like the sales order we have currently would defy it for any of that like we could we could use or we built the sales order specifically for ships but it could just as well be used for a truckload of lumber or by a two by fours for a a local walks in and wants five two by fours or two rams

Unknown Speaker  36:37
yeah

Matthias Miller  36:42
I mean let's see what some examples is here. New house has a invoice for a 14 by 32 foundation that's completely independent of the building like that's another foundation

Unknown Speaker  37:00
here SmartSide, OSB.

Matthias Miller  37:06
etc. So it's, it's, it's already being used for that.

Speaker 6  37:14
I still feel like I understand the raw materials cost. feel. I feel like I'm playing this dance of knowing which other matters that I don't understand. What does that feel? Like? Is it something we kept it in here and stuck in there? Or is this like an overwrite us? No,

Matthias Miller  37:33
I guess it is a field for Dwayne's office to go fill in. Okay, whenever a builder sells raw material, or let's say the builder says, I want to build something that's not a shed, I have this customer who's willing to write me a check for $30,000. To to build me this custom. Little, I don't even know why they would do this. This isn't really a real scenario, but build this custom little delicate birdhouse. These are expensive birds. And then we create a custom sales order. And we say well, it cost us this was actually a really bad example because you're gonna have labor tied up into it. So Forget I said that I'm not going to confuse it with silly made of examples. The real example is somebody says, I don't know fill in the blank. Somebody says, Hey, I'm running short on some on some OSB. Can I buy some OSB off of you. And Sure you can, like here's a sales order, but we need to know that that whatever it cost us. Whatever the OSB cost us is, that inventory was not actually used to build the building. It was it was used to fulfill a sales order. And so it goes to Dwayne's office to build ourselves it writes up the invoice, sends it to Dwayne's office. Dwayne's office enters the sales order, and they say they go check out the current cost of OSB from inventory and multiply it out and they say, well, the raw material cost for the sales order was $433.17. And and then what are the implications of that? So yes, it's manual. It is not automatic. What are the implications of it? There's two implications one, when that sales order hits accounting, it will decrease the raw material asset account and it will increase the the raw material expense account. And secondly, when we say well, we we had, you know, $50,000 worth of, of raw material expenses in this period and we need to allocate it to buildings, we will sit tracked out that 400 Some dollar amount?

Speaker 3  40:07
Because it's already accounted for elsewhere.

Matthias Miller  40:12
Does that make any sense? Or is that just way more confusing all over again,

Speaker 4  40:16
I think that makes me want to clarify a little bit that the last bullet here is confirmed that when accounting calculates the total raw material cost for buildings for a period, these are not included in that total. Right? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  40:33
It wouldn't be included, then it would. It would make all the other buildings, the buildings fill in that period. More expensive, right, right. Yeah.

Speaker 6  40:46
It's, it's almost immediately filled orders. But the one thing they can't do is sell inventory, which is what you want to do in the field order. Is it is it that's literally the only time the only thing we use this for I wonder about making it easier to do that. And then that would automatically create inventory adjustments. The,

Speaker 5  41:11
the use case was, well, we also have people buying doors or a were like, two pieces of this and two pieces of that, or, say a wooden ramp where it's not just a one to one, like, there are times when it's going to be a one to one like, we're selling this Whew. But there's also a lot of times when we're selling shares, but a product where we're using, which is why we elected male, but excellent.

Speaker 4  41:43
And I think we could watch and see I mean, if this is a manual processes onerous and enough of the items that we're selling are our inventory items, then then we could consider automating that more for for those items.

Matthias Miller  42:01
I think that's fair. And I think this is also one of those cases where we kind of think it's an edge. It's it's a mean, this is this should be a small fraction of your business selling this type of stuff to people. This is a non standard use case. So I do like the elegance of your proposal for sure.

Speaker 7  42:23
So the only question I have Matthias, on the raw materials field, can we permission based hide it? Or in some way? I don't want I don't want deal because dealers have access to the same sales order screen? I don't want them to be able to see that. Potentially, if they happen to let us know, understanding a little bit more what you're planning to use it for. Makes sense why they may never actually see it. But again, I don't really want that field visible to them. And accidentally they punch something in there that it's going to you know, it's going to send something completely sideways by accident. Fair enough.

Matthias Miller  43:04
It was easy. Okay, so and then we'll have an editable report of unapproved accessory accounts. So basically, on a periodic basis, sale, a list of sales orders and accessories is going to go out to the builder, district manager somebody and they'll say yep, yep, yep, yep, nope. Yep, yep, nope, nope. Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. And it comes back to Twain's office, and somebody there is saying, accepted default, you know, basically is going through and filling in, it shows the default account where we think it should be, then they go fill in all the accounts on them, and hit save and tie out accessory accounts. And until then, unless we have a specific account for the, for the accessory, it just gets lumped into the standard income account for the building. So it's not like there's again, it's a time delay, like you're gonna you're gonna post income for you know, I don't know whatever the standard building income is, and then we have a garage and and then once you know that garage, garage for I don't know, whatever it is, market a better examples. Once Once that gets changed, approved, and we will update accounting with the actual account.

Speaker 7  44:26
Mark, are you expecting this will be somebody inside of inside Office, somebody like in Stephens position to actually handle this not necessarily a district manager? Going to district manager? Yes, that's,

Matthias Miller  44:38
that's my thought. someone's doing that. Even better, okay. All right. Now we get into the fun stuff, the automatic processes. So once you've said this is what my actual billing costs were for a period. You've got a button that says, Okay, go distributed and We give you a report that says I think we give you a report that shows you what it's going to do. And then you have a button that says go do it.

Matthias Miller  45:21
Think it's relatively straightforward, except there's some nuances in the calculations and rounding and some things like that. For rounding errors, we just apply the rounding difference to the most expensive building in the period.

Unknown Speaker  45:35
To make it all come out, right.

Matthias Miller  45:41
Okay, now, here is where the magic really starts. Early on, we said, we think we know what we want, but we're not sure that we know what we want. And so in my mind, I'm like, How can we design this in a way that decouples the or disconnects the FDI cost calculations from accounting, and minimizes the pain when we need to change how buildings impact accounting, and, or when, when how FDI hits accounting. So we already have the FTA configuration, which affects that, but now we also have. So let me talk a little bit about the philosophy of how we reconcile with accounting. Every accounting transaction gets tied out to a building or to a stin, sorry, a building Ieast in or a sales order, ie Sid. And at any given point in time, we can reconcile what should be with what is so you can use, we have this report where you can basically inquire the accounting, the building record and saying, Dear building, based on whether you're built, whether you're not built based on whatever has to happen, what do you think your impact should be? Your total net impact, or your total total impact to the accounting to accounting should be as of this point. And then we say, Dear building your accounting system, what was all of your, what it was all of this building's actual impact to accounting, and then to reconcile, we just create a Delta transaction, to fix things up to make to make things match up. And so it's, it's going to be a daily process, most likely, there may be some times when you run in real time, but effectively, that's that is the process. So in this case, we have a building has no impact on accounting, up until the time it's built. So when we go to a building that's not built, we say, if you're building, what's your impact on accounting, it says nothing. And so if it does happen to have an impact on accounting, then we will go zero out any of its existing, any of its existing impact should not happen. But it could theoretically happen as soon as it's built, then we say, well, you have the the we should decrease, ie credit, the raw material to inventory, asset account, and we should increase ie debit, the finished goods, raw materials account if I got the right thing, I said the same thing correctly. And, and that is its impact on accounting. Okay, finding good, it's now it's now finished good. And then we go to deliver it? Well, at the point of delivery, you've still used the raw material to inventory. So that should continue the impact should continue to have have decreased ie credited that asset, but now, the impact on the finished goods asset account raw materials asset account should be zero. Because it no longer as it stands, now, this building has been built, it should no longer have any impact on it on the on the finished goods. So we will then at that point, zero that out. And the at that point, then we'll also it will also say well, this this should show up in the Congressman Scott variance, we create Delta transactions for that and we reconcile it

Speaker 6  49:38
so the the the what ought to be determination is that a big giant county macro that runs on its own record?

Matthias Miller  49:49
You Yeah, it's a really big fancy report with big fancy macros. Yes, that runs in the building record.

Speaker 6  49:57
Okay, so you don't, you can't necessarily out Given the context, it would be that there is a report that does this, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  50:05
Yes, yes.

Speaker 6  50:11
And we run it on all buildings every day. So if we would change your fancy macro intervention report to do things differently than we will get a Delta transaction for every building. Correct.

Matthias Miller  50:26
And I think it will be very, very quickly that we will start running into performance problems on the report, we did not optimize the report at all at all. I think there should be some quick wins and speeding it up. But

Unknown Speaker  50:40
can we also wonder about regression testing here?

Speaker 4  50:48
That's a good question. I was thinking about regression testing. I was also wondering if I mean, you know, three years from now, do we ever do we want to start locking things where we just don't even look at things after a certain point?

Matthias Miller  51:06
Well, I think it would be fair to respect accounting periods, and not create adjustments. Can we do this? Let's do this. Let's do needs design. And let's, let's just I feel like this is a can of worms.

Speaker 7  51:34
That it's gonna ask question before you get too much further. Yeah. I feel like I'm forming an opinion about something here. But I need to understand the use case scenario for what why we would have a duck transaction after built after delivery. Can you spin a scenario

Speaker 3  51:50
for this? Yeah. You built the building? Builder comes back to you and says, Dwayne, that was one of those custom buildings. That was I don't know that we got a custom package from Lowe's on can you go change it?

Unknown Speaker  52:28
Yeah, I figured as much. So I do

Speaker 6  52:31
know, but in practice, we have bad data and make mistakes. And so we'll be fixing things.

Speaker 4  52:38
I yeah, I think that's right. It might be bad data. Does the does the other the later FTA information being updated at a later point? Does that affect things as well that create deltas as well?

Matthias Miller  52:51
Well, certainly at the point that you say, well, for this month, my actual raw material cost was x, then absolutely, we need to create a Delta transaction at that point to account for the,

Unknown Speaker  53:06
for those cost changes.

Speaker 4  53:07
So I so I think that's the so there's really two, there's two or three different kinds of scenarios, and we could even potentially document this here. scenarios for updates. The one is a is just after the fact information. FBI is a perfect example of that.

Unknown Speaker  53:26
The

Speaker 4  53:30
the other one is, you know, a correction of a correction of source material source information. Which data correction,

Matthias Miller  53:39
Dwayne, do you really win? When somebody cancels a sales order? One of your dealers cancels a sales order, do you really want to have to go in, say, Oh, we got to back that out of accounting now, like, or a building record that understands?

Speaker 7  53:53
What's gotten me hung up is the fact that the statement you made about this is going to run on all buildings at all times, which it seems it seems like we should at some point be able to say these buildings no longer need to have this run on. It would seem like either, you know, closing the books calculations, or I don't know somewhere. Yeah, yikes.

Speaker 6  54:19
I think well, some way of doing it, in my mind it I'm booking everything into before September 30. And after September 30. In my mind, this goes in the after September 30 bucket.

Speaker 7  54:34
It because it would seem like it would seem like the timeframe on use cases for this should not be very far back like understand cancellations understand a whole bunch of this stuff, but at some point, we should be able to say okay, after this point, we should never be calculating again on this.

Matthias Miller  54:56
I agree Dwayne. And if we if we, if any of us opens her mouth Again, on this topic, we're going to be 30 minutes into a design conversation on how to pick the date and exactly how to lock it down and don't want to keep us from doing it. So Duly noted. We we agree with your concern. I want to keep I don't want to be I don't want to be rude, but I want to keep rolling here as well. Jeff here. Thanks. So sales order Impact Report, sales orders work exactly the same way. There's an issue with sales are impacted. We need to rent imports and possibly figure out what what's not happening there. If Ben isn't able to make progress in this today, then I'm sure it'll come up on our on our all hands meeting tomorrow morning and possible working working session and we'll need to get that resolved.

Matthias Miller  55:57
There's a to do here for Bill Pay linking for sales tax liabilities, I'm not sure if that's actually an issue, I think we need to there's a whole other sales tax conversation that probably needs to be made had. And then the building and sales aren't accounting reconciliation is basically just an x 30. That goes and looks at the at the impact and applies it to

Unknown Speaker  56:22
applies it to the accounting system.

Speaker 5  56:26
That as well as a Delta transaction. So when we, when we do an accounting reconciliation, we say oh calls needs to be $200 more than what what it was well, that it's an automatic transaction, the accounting system, but that 200 If we were to come back later and see, it's probably going to be something like a cost variance as of this, obviously have a certain date, but we would be able to drill down and see where that 200 came from then, like on the

Matthias Miller  57:04
Yes. Okay, you pulled into the accounting transaction used to look at the tuner dollars. And it's actually not just a lump sum tuner dollars, it's $50 here and 75 here and minus 10 here and fill in the blank and it's like, and then and then here's the standard, here's the SL ID, etc, etc. You can drill in and say, Oh, what happened here? That makes sense.

Speaker 6  57:27
If I understood you, right, under the hood, the logic for Delta creation in the x 30?

Matthias Miller  57:34
No, the logic is in the art 20. The report will show you the report is the one that says what is the what is the anticipated what is the expected output? What is the actual output? And what is the what is the delta transaction and or what is the delta? Cool. So there's a lot of transparency in in what happens here.

Unknown Speaker  57:59
What did you build all those macros and report to

Matthias Miller  58:02
pair programmed with Nick? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  58:12
So it's one of those cases where yes, it's complexity. But thank goodness, I'm pretty sure it's localized complexity. So

Unknown Speaker  58:21
I think it's, anyway,

Matthias Miller  58:24
maybe slightly over engineered but

Speaker 6  58:26
hated for 20 years. So there's that too. How's it you've also promised not to quit and to maintain it for 20 years? So we've got that too. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  58:39
That's subject to opinion. Actually, you know, I've heard it said that one of the worst things you can do in business is assume that you're irreplaceable. So I that's the, the epitome of pride, I think. So we'll go ahead and just stick with a path of humility. Anyway, manual processes, actual cost allocations, you know, the actual expenses need to be entered manually. Of course. If you have multiperiod expenses, you can enter them manually through deferred cost asset accounts or something like that. That's basically an accounting process that you can figure out like, let's say that you have a you spend, you have. Our favorite story is Black Friday, it's Black Friday, this might not work because at the end of the year, there's a memorial day sale. And Lowe's has 50% off all tools and you go stock up on tools for all the way through December. And but you don't want all of that overhead allocated in the first quarter. Well, accounting can put it into a deferred cost acid acid account and just manage it that way. Supply doesn't affect software. raw materials inventory will be managed intermediately IMS, just like it is current Only payroll, there's not really any special accommodations for payroll sales tax payments it will automatically create a debit credit that increases the sales tax liability. And then the you'll just the accounting team will just make payments out of sales tax liability added sales sales tax liability account should be zeroing it out or toward zero regularly. One other to two notes. Custom buildings have different costs from standard buildings. So when you apply when we apply actual building costs, we do not actually weight it by manufacturer total, we've weighed the distribution of actual building costs by the standard cost cost dollar amount. So there's a whole host of reasons on this, I don't really feel that inspired to get into it. But if there's questions, happy to entertain them. And then we did we were going to provide an import for updating building prices or inventory standard standard costs for all buildings that are currently in inventory. Although I think what we said was our standard cost percentages probably are good enough. We don't need an import questions.

Speaker 5  1:01:28
I don't think we need that migration anymore. Because we can prove I remember correctly, we can once we we can enter the percentages and it will based on the percentages, recalculate all buildings and inventory. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:01:56
All right. So moving on, I

Speaker 7  1:01:58
do have a question for you jumped too much further back on sales tax payments.

Speaker 7  1:02:08
Some time you and I need to get together make sure that on how sales tax is going to impact I know that you're probably going to run that impact based on a sales order. And how that are you about to get into this.

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
We have a thing too. I think we'll just do this

Speaker 7  1:02:29
I just I just have a little bit of a fear based on there's a number of use cases that are a bit troubling that have potential frustrations with sales, sales, tax impact. So it's just something I think you and I need to get together at some point and talk through and make sure that we're on the same page.

Matthias Miller  1:02:47
Like it sounds good. There's a thing down here for and well, yeah. Alright, so this is what this is. This is our janky project management system built into a proposal. So this is the things that we were that we must have by September 30 2023. And I broken it down into implementation and deployment ready to code needs design. The so FGI allocation we're working on Drew and Mark and Ben are working together on making sure that that's actually working, we can get that rolling you know, Ben's working on solving this, this important issue spearheading that been coordinating with Joe and some other folks on that asset management and depreciation schedules is I think quite well specked out I think there's a question of who should code this

Speaker 6  1:03:54
How does it how much work is this big small

Matthias Miller  1:03:59
it's a week of Seth or next time maybe

Speaker 4  1:04:05
that would be coming either in January or June

Matthias Miller  1:04:09
I'm trying to give a picture of scowl sorry sir I got it three good units of measure for Josh it's maybe a few hours so much work. Got it.

Speaker 4  1:04:26
I was confused by what you're saying. Thank you. That was the unit of measure. So so so experienced, experienced skilled developer but not a 20 year genius. It's a it's about a week of work

Speaker 6  1:04:48
in I'm I don't know if this is too conservative, but in my mind, it just has to be the must have is built and tested. So If Drew has to test this, if it's complicated, we got to have at least a significant portion of this done by September 1 In my mind. So we like a month. Okay, most of

Unknown Speaker  1:05:13
this stuff. It's fear. Yeah, that's true.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:18
What is what is code crafters capacity?

Speaker 4  1:05:24
Yeah, I've got cups. I've got some capacity there. So I could, I mean, yeah, we have something No, no, I can clear this late for the for stuff like this. And I would probably, I would probably ask more, she did not tend to work together on it. And I mean, shoulder to shoulder repair program stuff. And probably have one of the three. I mean, somewhat one of you three, Matthias Stoller, Josh, have have it specked out to the point where we can hand it off across 1000 miles. I mean, ideally, Joel would at least understand it. So he can be the one fielding questions.

Matthias Miller  1:06:08
Joel has given it an eagle eye review. Or a okay. So, I would

Speaker 4  1:06:19
Jill, do you feel comfortable project managing this if we make this code drafters top priority for August 2023. Sure, sure. What, in parentheses, we're just say CCI. Can we start doing something like that?

Matthias Miller  1:06:44
Sure, yeah. Okay, so I'm also going to do

Matthias Miller  1:07:09
okay, payroll module accounting program, accounting impact. I was going to pair program this with Seth. I think it's actually wrong. This is one of those things I think it's kind of sort of specked out but it does need I think it needs to have somebody with a Okay, second best might be well, I don't think it can go to Bangladesh. I think it has to be I'm not sure I one other

Unknown Speaker  1:07:44
I'm gonna go to for you because I don't understand payroll at all.

Speaker 4  1:07:47
Yeah, I think that's right. Matthias Ben is completely I'm going to be out next week. And Ben So Ben is out. I'm not banned. Sorry. Jonathan is out this this week from Wednesday through Friday but he's in all next week. And so anything you want his help on on pair programming next week is great. So and after that he would have some I forget how long he works I should pick him on that but but in the next next few weeks then certainly has the capacity

Unknown Speaker  1:08:26
yep good

Matthias Miller  1:08:35
hang on I just remembered something and I need to make a note so don't forget

Speaker 3  1:08:45
Okay, so And let me make another sticky note. Forget Oh okay.

Matthias Miller  1:09:00
So we're going to shoot to get this coded by we're gonna put this under that same category but this is actually we're gonna put this under ch closing transactions this is just an FYI this is actually done. So I'm going to do this out as well, wait, what's the status of closing transactions Joe?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:38
I believe we've got we have basic closing transactions, although though it would be really helpful to to understand exactly what a closed is in process looks like for insight in terms of,

Speaker 1  1:10:05
of the specific transactions performed at your ad. So basically, at this point we can we can mark transactions, as you know, ignore this in terms of income statement when you're running across this period. But it'd be nice to have concrete scenarios to validate against.

Matthias Miller  1:10:34
Is that I mean, it sounds to me like, Mark, you just got a homework assignment.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:41
What's that? I think, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:45
When is our first closing?

Speaker 5  1:10:53
Well, kidding, we just don't. So giving just year end. But it might be helpful for me to understand better. Closing transactions, your what what? When you say closing transactions, what are we? Is that basically when we're zeroing out any of our temporary accounts? Like on the UFC? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:20
that's correct. That's great.

Speaker 4  1:11:23
So one quick question on this? Do we have 2023 data that we're going to be closed in the that was in the live system that we're going to be closing out? Are we starting fresh and 2024? With ice,

Matthias Miller  1:11:39
or mark?

Speaker 5  1:11:41
And thinking that would go back to the question, are we going to, if we kept in the live system, then yes, we would have those, we would have 23, at least, Ted's data to close out in 23.

Speaker 6  1:11:54
One thing we could do is try to defer it by year by just wiping out data. Number 31st. Is that we're going when

Speaker 4  1:12:06
I'm only trying to understand it, I mean, I don't think it's a big, it's I don't think it's going to be a big deal. It can't be done completely manually. So I think it could be something we discussed in October, November, December sometime, I mean, probably not in the second half of December, but it can certainly go into q4 q4 is for discussion even. But just want to make sure that we're prepared for it. And I would propose that we have a phone call with with a number of you'd say Joe Mathias, and, you know, Mark or Andrew don't and optionally Dwayne to just talk through what what's normally done. And Joel could even prep for that by giving, you know, giving an overview of what what is typical and make sure that there's nothing else that is on your radar that that's not on ours.

Speaker 6  1:12:56
Okay, could we move? Okay. 500 down to, like 725. Or, or to 800?

Matthias Miller  1:13:11
Not sure. I mean, we still have a we still have a specific date, and the other ones might actually be

Unknown Speaker  1:13:20
Yes, absolutely. We can.

Speaker 4  1:13:22
Yeah, that's perfect. I'm pleased with that. So Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:13:30
Well, more fun stuff. AP Impact Report. This is largely designed, but Josh, you and I need to get our heads together about how we're going to switch over GL accounts for vendor invoices. And POS I think, I don't know if you've got thoughts on that.

Speaker 6  1:13:45
I haven't thought about it. So I don't have thoughts, but I feel like to get into CNN.

Matthias Miller  1:13:51
Okay, so we talked about that. And we need to add a feel the invoice date. I mean, who codes AP?

Speaker 4  1:14:05
I think first it needs to be designed. So and this is currently in the needs design. So I would say we mark this as JM on on for the design side of Josh and Matthias for Matthias And Josh, are you want to do it for the design side of things? And,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:22
and then does this get into

Speaker 4  1:14:25
the heart? Okay, so just one step back for everyone. I view code crafters as kind of the core accounting system. But knowing very little about insight and I want to keep it that way. Because inside is such a large system. I mean Kolcraft respond with ash. Inside is such a large system. And we're so nimble that we need to have an unusually large communication pipeline. So anything that becomes kind of a standard accounting feature, whether or not it's actually standard for the or whether we code it specifically for insight, but still kind of this core accounting feature without getting deep into, you know, buildings and processes is good for vomit ash. We have more capacity there, but they're kind of it's a little bit small and lumbering.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:15
So. So

Speaker 4  1:15:17
I think part of the question is, is this is, is this the kind of thing that can be specked out given to Jehovah, who then manages that over there? Or is this the kind of thing that is pretty deep integration, and clearly, obviously needs to stay on this side? I'm leaning towards the latter, but I'm not positive. Maybe only to spec it out for us to discuss

Speaker 6  1:15:43
something of it of an EP process already that that I have built in Dwayne Hatfield. And Dwayne manages, and if this is an extension of that, but I'd argue that it takes here. Sure. I don't know. If you know better than I, if that's the case. It just came to pick it up. Where is this fundamental accounting work?

Matthias Miller  1:16:09
This is this is not fundamental to any work. This is, I mean, Joshy, basically own vendor invoices, etc. So I A, it definitely doesn't fall into that spectrum. I would be hopeful that you and I could design it, I would love to have you code it but

Matthias Miller  1:16:29
AP scheduling, this requires design. I mean, this is mmm t really. I guess we could actually pick this.

Speaker 5  1:16:39
That scheduling through and I were talking about that he said he was like, nice to have, but if it were the account, it's going to be going in every week, at least weekly anyway and paying invoices that that good business practices could take the place of that help. If we're, if that helps us any, I would vote to move that down. q4 next year.

Speaker 8  1:17:11
Either or so. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:17
That's great. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:17:19
Transaction verification report, this one gets its us to design I think it's gonna be pretty simple to implement. AR I think this stuff is basically waiting on mark with flowcharts. And then we'll be able to better design it. Stripe payouts, I think this one actually is.

Matthias Miller  1:17:48
I think it's pretty straightforward require some basic design, I think.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:55
Coming from straight to the database, which has to do with it.

Matthias Miller  1:17:58
Yeah, it's Yeah, exactly. It's just a matter of, I think it's another kind of accounting impact style report, or whatever it is, but let's go, let's go push them across into accounting.

Speaker 5  1:18:10
So what happens if we, if we switch to another provider? By crystal clear, does that affect this or no?

Speaker 6  1:18:20
Yes and no. So what we do is, when you bring them in from strike, bring into a certain generic, like payout record. And so if we switch to Crystal Clear, we'll have to build a equivalents per white, it's gonna take us weeks, months, whatever it is, because we bring that back and forget the same record so that integration needs to change but the core like this job here won't need to change because we work with the same records

Matthias Miller  1:18:50
alright, and this is still waiting in Mark stuff. ADP, similar?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:05
I don't know I kind of think like,

Matthias Miller  1:19:09
we need a spec out design finalized design, make sure we're on on board with it.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:15
What's the Josh part?

Matthias Miller  1:19:17
I think it was because it's AP, you're gonna be like it gets into your territory. This is some of the stuff this is like a really old scratchpad that I haven't had a chance to come back to that was before we got around to some of the freight changes and things like that. And so the are the freight, POS, et cetera, et cetera. So I think this is likely going to be something I would love to have you code but it needs design first.

Speaker 6  1:19:47
Sure. How is 590 different than 510?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:59
You know,

Matthias Miller  1:20:03
I know, that's a fair question. I proposed move it up there. And I go through and figure out exactly what the difference differences are. I I have to take a look and reconcile

Matthias Miller  1:20:30
I don't know if this has anything. There's a lot of fuzziness with AR and AP right now. I think, again, marks Flowcharts are gonna help and then we can start drilling in cash flow statement, this is clearly CCI.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:45
This is I guess?

Matthias Miller  1:20:54
Is there anything we need besides just leaving it in Joe's court? Now, Joe? Joe, did

Speaker 4  1:20:59
you hand this one? I mean, did you come back with responses on this one now? Or where's this one at? That's right. I think Joe's site and then sent I mean, didn't did a review at it feedback and sent it back to Matthias and mark for for suggested with suggestions, recommendations, questions. So we do code crafters does have the assets stuff to do now. So if we, if we, let's say that we think out of assets gonna take, you know, one week or two weeks or what, but if we kind of think that the first chunk of code draft is is dedicated on assets, we'll push forward on that. But then if we can have the cash flow, but Round Tripping with code crouchers just takes longer. So if we can have the cash flow statement ready for us by, you know, August 10, or August 15. So we can start pushing into that one, that would be great.

Matthias Miller  1:21:54
And then is it fair to? Okay, I think some of the stuff, I can't keep all this stuff in my head. Mark, you and I had talked and you had actually was this is the one where you wanted to go through Joe's stuff. First prep a little bit, and then we get on a call to take a look at right.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:18
Yeah, that was Yeah.

Speaker 4  1:22:22
So this is actually the fire Matthias and Mark scored at this highest mark and Joel scored at this point. So

Matthias Miller  1:22:36
custom warning for Chart of Accounts.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:40
This is basically

Matthias Miller  1:22:44
whenever you put, like, some transactions should be automatic, like cogs expenses. Like there should be generally no reason why you're manually entering and I think a cogs expense. So I think this is just a Can we add a user configure configurable warning,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:02
on an account

Matthias Miller  1:23:05
that shows up when editing, modifying the transaction interactively? Well

Unknown Speaker  1:23:13
requires a little bit more designed than that, I suppose.

Speaker 4  1:23:15
Why don't you once you put your angels name on this? This is a perfect one for code crafters, as well. And do you want this before September 30.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:28
This has to be

Matthias Miller  1:23:28
done by this. Well, here, it's this is the kind of thing that we think we should have. And if we don't do it now, we should just never do it. Because if we don't set these up, when we're setting up the chart of accounts, will most likely never be persuaded to come back and take a look at it. So if you guys can make a good case to mark that we shouldn't do this. And Mark agrees we could

Speaker 4  1:23:55
well I mean, I I like this I'm just I'm just trying to imagine your and marks capacity, particularly in the next 30 days. So

Speaker 6  1:24:08
I could build this thing, the framework for it no problem, but somebody has to come with the rules.

Matthias Miller  1:24:15
Well, I don't know that the Well, I think the big an indeterminate question is you shouldn't get a warning when you mark a transaction when you when you're reconciling a bank account. I think if you change the amounts, or you change the account well really it's if you change anything within the RG it seems like within the the line item RG it seems like we should probably give you a warning.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:44
Well oh well or, or is the problem? Yeah.

Speaker 4  1:24:53
It does require some design. Can we push at least push it down to this to the 679 Nice to have by September 30, I kind of think it should go to q4. I'm gonna push for SKU four. And if we unless you want to put it in into either two beers you see. Go ahead.

Speaker 3  1:25:13
Sorry, go ahead. I'm sorry. Well,

Speaker 5  1:25:17
I don't know what you guys are thinking looking at this list, September 30. list, but I'm looking at it and thinking there's it we're realistic, we, we really have more than we can actually do. So I would vote to move into q4 does that.

Speaker 4  1:25:34
Yeah, that sounds right to me. If we pull off, if we pull off the September 30 thing, I mean, we're more all hands on deck than we've probably ever been as an organization or as a set of organization. So we can't promise you that we're going to pull it off. But we are really committed to doing what we can because you all are our biggest client. And and this is one of the biggest initiatives we've ever had. And we're trying really hard to make this work so. So I think you're going to be I hope you'll be pleased I met, we're going to have to continue rejiggering some priorities and things. But I'm really hoping that we're going to see good forward momentum in the next two months. So but it's going to take a lot of effort both on our side and your side.

Speaker 5  1:26:34
Yeah, well, I appreciate that. I'm gonna Yeah, I'll need to prioritize things on my side and just block out any distractions as well. So

Matthias Miller  1:26:48
well, there are fewer, fewer distractions in Colorado. So you're welcome to and there's some nice, nice weather nice scenery. Hopefully, hopefully, it'll cool off just a little bit. can't make any promises. So it's a business expense. And it's a business expense.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:06
We can get a lot done.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:10
We don't homeschool so that was

Unknown Speaker  1:27:15
when the school start

Unknown Speaker  1:27:19
the end of August so yeah, there you

Matthias Miller  1:27:21
go. You got some time.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:27
Enjoy the trip to Colorado.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:32
Mark's going to Colorado, I'm coming to you. There you go.

Matthias Miller  1:27:37
Hey, I just got my my whole office space. So we got lots of room I got two extra desks in here and I mean, courthouse is always looking for more business as well. So

Speaker 6  1:28:00
what is this this is actually integrating with with another vendor?

Unknown Speaker  1:28:04
The yes well

Speaker 6  1:28:11
we did this I checked gateway do outbound leakage. They do don't they?

Speaker 7  1:28:17
Yeah, they do. And there's no reason at this point. Not to be able to link it up to to be able to do that. That being said, I think the reason this whole ACH conversation sounds a little bit the way it is because of the conversation about integrating with crystal clear. So at this point Yeah, I would say if we wanted to do ACH transactions let's let's initially get it linked up to do it through our threat agent gateway.

Speaker 5  1:28:47
So what does that mean? Like I take gateways that just a like a generic

Speaker 6  1:28:53
portal, that that's the vendor that we're using for Altair eight right now. They're

Speaker 5  1:28:59
a vendor just like crystal clear with the Oh, okay. So if we

Speaker 6  1:29:04
so I think we're I would say it's it's sad in that it's throwaway work if we switch entirely to crystal clear. But we know I checked gateway and it's gonna be a lot less work to go make it work there for now than it is to try to bring crystal clear in like if we need to have this by September 30 I think we almost have to go check gateway

Speaker 4  1:29:28
how much work is how much work is that do you know to do outbound versus inbound? I mean, is this for you? I mean, I presume this is going to you Josh because you've done the the the inbound

Unknown Speaker  1:29:42
I don't think it's that much work I'm thinking

Unknown Speaker  1:29:47
I think that's right.

Speaker 6  1:29:50
Yeah, I totally differently. It will be driven by database records and database triggers rather than Python check. Got processed, but we know how to work with check gateway. Their API's are very simple. So I don't feel like it's gonna be that much work.

Speaker 4  1:30:13
But I can this is something Josh can just go off on the side and do I mean he might have a conversation or to somewhere along the way, but it's not a complex conversation. It doesn't have to involve insight at all. That's a great thing about it.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:25
Yeah,

Speaker 6  1:30:26
exactly. Okay. I think that could be done between September 1 And September 30. That's true,

Matthias Miller  1:30:31
too. Yeah, that's fair. Do you want to I mean, this is, so let's do this actually. By the way, I, it's clear, we're going to need a little bit more time. So most of us are free. I mean, some of us have some 10 o'clock Eastern commitments. But if you guys need to drop off, Josh, and Mark, I know you guys are focused on this this morning. But if any of the rest of you guys need to drop off, we're not here to hold you hostage. This is great. This for helpful phone call. So yeah, agree. Alignment makes all the difference, doesn't it? So I'm happy Josh, I'm happy to be brought in in any way that's necessary, required happy to negotiate requirements with Mark, this could actually be an interesting conversation, if you want to work on if there's any design questions you have this morning, how this should work. It could be interesting conversation, whatever, but I will leave this entirely in your court. And

Speaker 7  1:31:40
the only thing I would say is, I would like to be along for that conversation on how how that's going to interact with and what it's going to interact with, just because I expect that it will be used inside of my office as well as inside of withdrew as well. So I just want to make sure I had my head around exactly how that's gonna function.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:01
Yeah. That makes

Speaker 4  1:32:02
sense. Probably just what triggers it and and what are the protections we have in place that it doesn't trigger NSA inappropriately?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:13
Yeah, and especially? Well, this is probably outside the scope of this conversation, but some kind of

Speaker 7  1:32:21
like in check writing, you know, a two person sign off or something like that, just to make sure that you know, all of this works in a secure manner.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:29
That's the idea.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:33
He tested to say,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:35
sorry, I didn't hear what you said, Josh.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:38
Oh, I volunteer my bank account can be used for testing

Matthias Miller  1:32:42
in the outbound because the source account, that's cool. I volunteer mine is the

Unknown Speaker  1:32:49
you volunteers as an inbound testing.

Speaker 5  1:33:00
Note to add on that, that Larry said they've done for fraud prevention is they remember correctly, like the schedule outbound ACH payments that they have set up with their bank that they provide daily. It's like an Excel file or something to the bank that says these are eight ACH transactions that you'll be seeing. Don't clear them like Mr. Bank, or like the bank knows that any outbound ACH is or not, they're not supposed to process them. Clear them. Unless they have that. Evidence files. Well, they do the same thing for outbound check by Arrow, should we think about doing something like that? Or is that something later?

Speaker 7  1:33:48
Well, my my only thought on this whole thing is that with the with the logging information that that is inside the platform, I think we can come up with some sort of method that, you know, it's, it's pretty hard to get away with anything on this platform. So.

Speaker 6  1:34:05
So I think we can easily get accountability. For free. The question is whether we went prevention as well. Like, do we? Do we want to keep overdue something bad or no of the arts? We can fire them afterwards?

Speaker 4  1:34:20
Well, here's an idea. Can we keep pushing forward on the list and then you all have the conversation? 30 minutes. Yep. Great. Great questions. I like where you're going.

Matthias Miller  1:34:33
Here. Let me let me throw one thought in here and we're gonna keep

Matthias Miller  1:34:44
Okay, check printing. We actually did some some of this work for a prior client. ls I don't know if you remember that. They they started development and then terminated the project halfway through Yeah. Is, is this something? This seems to me like pretty core accounting stuff? I think so if we, if we get to the template, can I just straight up? send this over to Joel? CCA? Yeah. And is this a code by August 31? Kind of thing? Yeah. Jumping up there. Alright. nice to haves.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:28
1099 requirements? Well, this is, I think this is in?

Matthias Miller  1:35:36
Well, this could be this could go one of two ways. One is this could be core accounting, and Joel could go off and design something to handle 1099 10 and nine stuff, although I suspect we're gonna win documentation pushed to s3. And so most likely, this is still a Matthias And Martin who designed this.

Speaker 6  1:35:58
So how much is this core accounting stuff? Because it's core accounting stuff that I don't think she's going to s3? I think it should be doc archive?

Matthias Miller  1:36:07
Oh, I'm fine. Having it doc archive, I think it could be quite a good argument can be made to make a core accounting job analysis.

Speaker 4  1:36:16
I mean, that's it, I think it's reasonable, I can see it being it sounds like pretty core.

Matthias Miller  1:36:25
Now, I'm sorry, go ahead. does need to tie in into the vendor invoice because that's where a lot of these things are going to be entered as well. So the the tendency and and tracking might be on the contact record. And there might be some stuff on the unless we come up with some other way.

Speaker 6  1:36:46
Yeah, I could do the vendor invoice. That's fine. In my mind, this is really a crafters job. They do it and when they're done, and we look at what it's custom to incite, and I can take care of that.

Matthias Miller  1:37:09
Think this is a well, let's let's say this nice to have, but we're just gonna do CCI.

Speaker 4  1:37:16
Joel, do you want? Well, once you put John's initials on that too, and he will, he will probably be reaching out to you to explore exactly what you're really thinking so

Unknown Speaker  1:37:27
happy with. I am

Matthias Miller  1:37:33
my attention is much more fully engaged in phone calls as well. So feel free to utilize that as needed or ping me on. Emails more to QuickBooks equivalents. This one needs a discussion with me and Mark I that's bottom line. I don't know that there's much more besides that. This I think requires a flowchart from Mark. And then it's going to fall back on me on designing any implication sales tax, this is Mark Twain and I

Unknown Speaker  1:38:18
on negotiating this

Matthias Miller  1:38:26
important to unscheduled dynamic classes Income Statement comparison report using dynamic classes. Dynamic classes is just the term I'm using for ah, we want to see I mean, it's here. Dynamic sets of reports based on either dealer building style colors, set of options, date of sale, sale amount, et cetera, et cetera. So show me an income statement report of all buildings built by by the apple creek or sold by the apple Creek location in the color red over the last year or built by ABC plant one with with designer metal, I don't know.

Speaker 4  1:39:11
So, really a filtered, these are filtered building, building level are driven by building building level reporting primarily profit and loss or p&l income statement or a whole range of things.

Speaker 5  1:39:32
Well, you can't we you won't be able to go beyond the gross margin. The only thing you'll be able to do on that level. Is it your revenue and your cogs because

Unknown Speaker  1:39:46
sure yes.

Speaker 5  1:39:49
So I think the use case while the use case for it will be let's see what are or gross margins are on this set of criteria versus this set of criteria are allowed to do deep dive into? Where are we profitable? Where are we not? What should we do more of? What should we be doing less of? And I think I would say it's I mean, this is really broad, but I think of it as any thing on the building record any details on the building record? Or the sales order? I like the dealer or the all the, above a certain ticket item in this, you know, this price range or into this locality, or? Yeah,

Speaker 7  1:40:49
so the only thing I'm gonna say about this, this sounds like fairly simplistic reporting, that Mark and I could I could write this stuff. And we can play around with if it's just coming either from building records or sales orders. Once we figured out exactly what we want, how we want to to operate, push it off to Nick to write. I mean, it's seems fairly simplistic unless I'm missing something.

Matthias Miller  1:41:10
Well, it doesn't even have to tie into accounting, it can tie off of the FTI connections. So I think I mean, so Dwayne, just volunteered to take this one over.

Speaker 4  1:41:22
Yeah. And Jonathan may be able to have some capacity for writing it too, or,

Unknown Speaker  1:41:27
I mean, yeah.

Speaker 7  1:41:29
I mean, this, this kind of a thing, is the kind of thing where it takes a bunch of back and forth until we decide exactly how we want this thing to operate. And rather than tie up development individuals, let's, let's mark and I work on that. And then once once we're ready for it to be something then we can push it off to be something. Sure. Sounds good. Unless, unless unless you're disagree with that. No,

Speaker 5  1:41:51
that sounds good. I mean, I think that goes back to I'm very happy with all the information we're tracking on the billing records. Like the calls on either your billing records that allows us seems like it'll allow a lot of a lot of flexibility.

Speaker 7  1:42:11
Well, to reference a joke from Josh earlier, this, this is the kind of reporting that doesn't require me to stay around for 20 years to support.

Speaker 6  1:42:22
And if I'm understanding this, this section, which I think should be to D, this could really happen next year. Like we've got this whole ton of stuff that needs to happen before December 31. And this is not in that group. I think in right.

Matthias Miller  1:42:45
Well, we have we have a whole section. We don't have very thorough categories. There are things we know that are for 2024.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:58
Good point on that, Josh. I mean, I don't think before we start any ballot data, like which will be 2020. For others, there's no use in Yeah, I think that one would be a 2024.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:22
And then AP scheduling,

Matthias Miller  1:43:22
is that also 2024?

Speaker 5  1:43:28
Let's leave the queue for for now. Or you have it or you have it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I have it.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:37
Yeah, you can rename this to two D though. Thank you.

Speaker 4  1:43:50
And I in some ways to D is really kind of potential 2020 Or two. Q for our PA possibly 20. Possibly q4 or something. Well, we

Matthias Miller  1:43:59
can do this about?

Unknown Speaker  1:44:01
Yep. Yep. Yep. Yeah, that's clarify.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:09
Yeah, that helps.

Matthias Miller  1:44:12
Good. Well, I think the goal of this meeting was clarity and alignment. And I think

Unknown Speaker  1:44:20
we

Matthias Miller  1:44:22
I'm hoping I think we've met those objectives here.

Speaker 4  1:44:33
I'm excited. It's a bit of an adrenaline rush, but I'm eager to see what we're going to where we're going to be at and then

Unknown Speaker  1:44:39
in a month, so.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:52
Good,

Speaker 6  1:44:53
so from my side, besides, I'd love to chat with you. sometime this week. Maybe we can offline scheduled at the time to sync up.

Speaker 3  1:45:05
Yeah, shoot, shoot me a message. And that's good. Okay, awesome. Thanks. Thank you all. Thank you. Good bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai