Unknown Speaker  00:20
Perfect That Why?

Unknown Speaker  00:59
Yes, Set

Unknown Speaker  01:22
up back. This Is water and

Unknown Speaker  02:14
government. I

Speaker 1  02:42
just time. Sorry, guys, apologies. Gotta strike up a conversation, but I'm on right now, and I don't know how to run the run the mute. So good morning to all of you guys. We're not ready to get started yet, but sucker for attention. Keep keep talking. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  03:20
Congratulations. So,

Unknown Speaker  03:35
last year, actually,

Unknown Speaker  03:42
this year, that's

Unknown Speaker  03:47
One of our Hybrid goals. They over

Unknown Speaker  05:21
do that Got rid of those.

Unknown Speaker  05:49
His Work was actually

Unknown Speaker  06:00
before managing

Unknown Speaker  06:05
the sales and So his

Unknown Speaker  06:10
workload was actually

Unknown Speaker  06:21
building Miller sales.

Unknown Speaker  06:42
Wheelchairs.

Unknown Speaker  07:10
It no electrons, God, we Go,

Unknown Speaker  08:17
to Thank you. Okay, quality,

Unknown Speaker  08:59
HSN

Unknown Speaker  09:10
came in today if

Speaker 1  09:33
any of you guys can bear sitting up front, there's some seats up front here. If any of you guys in the middle are open to sitting closer to your neighbor, there's some folks who who want to, who would love to have a seat.

Speaker 1  09:49
There's number of seats up front here, if you guys are open, open to scooting, scooting a little closer together. There's open spaces filling them in. We got some folks who are who are trying to fit In here, correct

Speaker 1  10:42
from I'm a scary guy. There still are some seats up here. If anybody does want to grab a seat, if you're like me, though you like sitting is painful, so I get that. Feel free find it. We'll Yeah, there you go. I

Speaker 1  11:35
There's a couple. There's a few seats up here. There's about four, two to four seats, depending how we fit. There's two more over here, if you guys want.

Speaker 1  12:01
So there's a downside to being living in the West, if you, if you be if you be in I rode a train. One of my craziest memories is riding a tram in Calcutta. I did not know that it was humanly possible to have that many people in such a small space, and I knew I had spent too much time over there when I was in the airport and, like, literally, I was standing in line like this. I'm like, that's normal, right? Sorry if I made you uncomfortable. Wait, you know, like, it's weird. So we are we're adapting our cultural norms. How many of you guys appreciate all the work that Marty and the rest of the crew have put into this event? Thank you guys for what you do. And it's, there's a lot that happens behind the scenes to make this thing come together, and it's amazing. So they laughed at her, and they said, you paid who and how much for what? And it's, it's true. Nobody could understand why. First year in sales, she was unquoted, to hit a million dollars. And why in the world, what do you? What do you actually need? And why are you? Why are you paying anybody to do that? Her sales manager was impressed, but she always had two goals. There was her sales manager's goal, and then there was her goal. Is there something I need to change over here? All right, but she knew that she could do more, and so she worked with us, and we walked her through the win your time back process tool, and we discovered something quite that surprised both of us. We found out that she was spending 29 hours of her week covering for a whole bunch of, whole bunch of issues that were not actually her, her fault, and as a result of that, she was trying to sell, and only, only had working over, working long hours, but didn't have much time at all to to sell their seats in the front, come up come up front. Join us in the front. Have a seat. Welcome to I'm not scary sometimes, no, just kidding, nuts.

Unknown Speaker  14:09
It's not mine. That was doing it yesterday

Unknown Speaker  14:13
for somebody else. If you could do

Speaker 1  14:22
that a nice beat, we would. Yeah. Maybe to a nice beat I can't sing on top of that, though, that'd be the fastest this room has ever cleared out.

Speaker 1  14:36
All right? Well, we'll hope that works. And so finally, she we did the assessment. Within 30 minutes, we found, we found exactly what's going on. Light bulb went off. She's like, Listen, if the owner wants things to go flying apart and utter chaos, who am I to stop him? I'm here to sell, and I'm gonna sell. And the next week, she hit 230 K back to back, 30k days, and hit her first 100k Week. And she did go on and hit $2 million a year. I want to be very clear, I didn't make those sales. I didn't that was, that was her doing. We found this extra time that was missing. And the funny thing is that after that, the boss was like, Okay, let's go send everybody to sales training. She's sitting in the sales training, she's like, Ah, this stuff doesn't make sense. And finally she raises her hand, and the trainer's like, all right, what are your numbers? What are you doing? And the trainer actually looks her in the eye and like, look, all these other people probably should listen to me, but you shouldn't, like, just do what you're doing, like, you can just go on to take a coffee break or something. They came back, literally, all of her other team members, all the other sales people, their sales started to decline. Hers held steady. Can tell you that created a little bit of tension on the sales floor. So here's the question, why did she? She did not break her record in this in this case, she did not add any new objection, handling any new anything. All she did was she freed up 29 hours that she had been had been sucked up in other things for sales. And this is not a joke. Leaders are like, and sales managers or team members are like, it's a joke. Okay, guys, it's a Z Exactly. It's not a joke. I'm anyway. So, so here's the question, how many of you guys, and this applies to everybody. If you're a vendor, how much of your time gets sucked up in miscellaneous, random stuff that does not move move things forward? Yes, salesperson, dealer, how many times you how much time do you spend sitting in wait? I don't know, waste time in meetings and doing stuff that like, Why do I have to fill out this paperwork? If this should be automatic in some kind of way, or even you guys who are sitting there with your feet propped up, how much of your time still gets wasted in mindless dribble that you're like, man, like, is this actually really what I why living, why I'm in business and doing my job? So here's, here's a, here's, here's the formula. Who wants? Who wants? The math. One of the things we promised was the math on sales, the simple third grade understandable math. How many you guys want that? Is that good? Okay, so here's the math, sales performance is sales skills, times, time times qualified prospects. So how many of you guys have ever spent money on sales training, sales skills, developing skills? Yes, if not, there are great people here. You should go talk to them and become better at that. And if you haven't done it for yourself or for your team, please do How many of you guys have spent more time money on qualified prospects, leads, marketing? Yes, there are people here who can help you with that. What the How many of you guys have specifically spent money on increasing the amount of time your sales people can spend selling? If you did great, yes, yes and yes, because this is a sales skills will make you more effective. Time will get you, get you increase the amount of time you actually spend selling. Wow. This is their greater language and qualified prospects. The more people you talk to, the greater the qualified people you talk to, the greater the sales performance. So side note, y'all know, I'm going to talk about this. There's no pressure to do any of this, but we have a show up and close offer, and that actually includes some of this exact stuff that we're talking about. So before, before we go further, back up, before we go further, one of the worst, one of the most common parts of feedback that people give me is like, man, like man, like you are so nervous. I feel so nervous for you. Let me tell you what's actually going on. I have a lot of stuff to say, and I want to leave room for Q and A I want to be able to answer you guys' questions, whatever you guys want. I'm here to talk and help you guys, and I'm trying to cram a bunch of stuff in a small amount of time. If I look nervous, it's probably because I'm trying to talk fast and say as much as I possibly can in a short amount of time. Apologize, that's what's going on. And I also want to be clear, we got a wide range of people in this room, so you can only control the things that you can control. So if you're a dealer, you're probably going to sit there or sales person, you're going to sit through this. You're going to be like, Yeah, but they can't, like, I asked for this stuff, and nothing ever happened. You can't run the rest of the company, but you can choose who you work for and who you sell for, and the people who are in the room taking paying attention, taking notes like should probably pay attention and see if things actually change over the next number of months, weeks, weeks, months, years, whatever. And manufacturers, I don't really encourage you to be looking over your shoulder to figure out who you can snipe based on who's taking notes. Please don't do that. But nervous laugh. I'm just kidding. And if you're a vendor, to be quite frank, this is what makes you appealing to. Some of the things that we're talking about is what makes you appealing to buy from. It's also going to be it's also going to be, it's also going to be what makes some of these, makes manufacturers appealing customers for you as well. So one of my clients had a sales person who they really needed to fire, and we went in there, and it was like, it was there. And finally we worked together for a bit, and finally they were like, it became super obvious. They ripped the band aid off. They fired this person a couple months later. It's a company owned by the husband and wife. The wife was a salesperson, Rainmaker. She goes and sells half a million dollars worth of buildings after the salesperson was off, because the salesperson was literally sucking time and literally driving away customers. It was a pretty bad situation. And once again, this is this lady's sales skills. The only thing that we did, and not some kind of superhero, whatever it's all we did was we got rid of the dead weight. They made the tough decision of firing her, or did the tough work of actually firing this person. I suppose that could be available for hire for that if you need that. But they did that, and the dead weight immediately freed this. This, this lady up to sell now this, this lady, I'm not gonna lie, really good at what she does, really committed to the job. She's shooting off text messages at 2am in the morning. If that's when prospects want to buy, I will take your money. So there's effort and grit going into this, but all we did is found the courage together to make the tough decisions. And here's the good news. I got good news and bad news if you're, if you're a person, kind of a person who actually cares about people. You're going to build a culture where people just love to hang out, connect with you, and it's going to be a fun, family type atmosphere. But there's also a downside to that, if you're that kind of person, there's probably, this is, this is true across the board. There's not, I'm not calling anybody out. This is not like I've been there. Whatever this is, I'm not I'm not saying it for that, but most likely, there's somebody on your team that does not belong on your team, and honestly, you're not doing yourself for them a favor by leaving them there. So again, it's hard if you actually care about people, if you didn't care about people, if about people, if, if you were exclusively about the numbers, you don't have this problem. You got different problems. There's there's for every strength, there's a there's a correlating weakness. I don't care. I don't mind. But if you care about people, it's almost certainly true. So sometimes it's an under performing rep, underperforming dealer, a vendor who can't deliver. Maybe it's a business that's actually, if you're a vendor, maybe it's a business that's actually costing you, costing you, costing you money to serve service on an ongoing basis. It's it's accountant who doesn't pay out commissions on time, whatever it is. And the cost isn't just money. Like, what does this have to do with the $2 million a year? Sales Rep, the cost is that it erodes trust for your $2 million a year sales rep, and so please don't say this is, this is not one of those live audience feedback moments. But you should think about now probably already have, who is that person who really doesn't belong on this team? It's not the right fit for them. It's not the right they're not pulling their weight. It's just not and can I challenge you guys, after you come back, go back home, you're back in the office, to face the situation head on. I'm not saying you have to call a meeting immediately and say you're out, but can we please look the problem in the eye and let's and I would encourage you guys to address it, because it matters. And, and by the way, if that's, if that's a, if that's a dealer sales rep, we are, I'm going to talk to you about how we can do an MRI on your sales reps in dealers and figure out what's driving them. And plug yours if you don't want to hear this, we have sold this before for $5,000 we're offering it for $50 for $50 so if you, if you are an owner or sales manager who has a team like that, you want to run an MRI on them, Devin is in the back. We're not going to be opposed. If you get up and inside, we're going to, I'm going to give priority to people who want to grab time slots. You're welcome to do that. No obligation. Do as you want.

Speaker 1  24:20
And I'll be, he'll be here through the end of the day. So I have a, I promise I won't embarrass you guys. But I need, I need just a handful of volunteers throughout, and if you guys are willing to be, be brave and whatever, just stand to your feet. I have a little exercise. Sorry, here's the here's the qualification. Any of you guys who've been experiencing any amount of stress, that's the qualification. Recently, stand up. There we go. Anybody else? Yeah? Thank you. All right, so we're gonna so just stay standing. Yeah, stay standing. Sure. Go for it like and we're gonna do this little exercise. So squeeze your fists really hard. And the rest of you guys, if you want to help them out, you can join in, make them feel not as visible and alone, because we've all been here. Some of us have lived here for long periods of time. It's what you call starting a business and getting started in sales. All right, breathe in. Open your fists and breathe out. Squeeze your fists and breathe out. Any of you guys feel any measure better in any way, maybe a little bit, all right? You can sit down. All right, so we just solved the stress problem, right? You good. So you'll always continue having these issues in the business until you actually get down to the root issue. So I'm not here to be a chiropractor. I love chiropractors. Chiropractors are actually really effective. Great. Chiropractors are incredible. But when stress shows up in your business, it's often pointing to an underlying problem. So it's it could be that you've got the wrong person on the team. You're trying to have a rep sell in a misaligned way. You've got a broken promises, broken process. You got misaligned promises. And so just the same way that you can't literally fix stress by breathing, you can ease the symptoms, and it can make you feel better. And there's other other things that you can do that you can do that legitimately are good things to do to manage stress, but it doesn't actually solve the root problem of what's going on. And so the question is, do you actually know the root, the root issue that's that's preventing $2 million a year reps from from keeping reps from selling at $2 million a year? And so here's, here's the thing I've seen, it seen play out in almost every single single company, and there's, like the classic sales versus production war. And so I'm trying to sell this building, and these crazy guys in the shop, like we have, we have a four week lead time, that's what they told me. So I'm selling buildings. We'll have it to you in four weeks. We're good, good, good, good, good, good. And then these crazy guys in production come back and say, hey, you know that building you sold that you promised you could have before? Well, we kind of got backed up. Like, you know, it's gonna be six, you'll be all right. And then, then in sales over here, like those dumb guys in the shop, like, why can't they get their act together? I mean, cordially, sometimes. And then over here, you got these guys in the shop and are, like, those crazy like, dealers and sales people and those, like, they're always trying to do stupid stuff. Like, why do they have to? Like, why don't they just make our lives easier? And like, there can be this, this constant war intention between those who, how many you guys, have you guys experienced that? And this is on, this is actually on. Gotta hear right here, page 24 of the book. Talk about this very issue. You're getting it right here. So, the the So, so how many of you dealer, sales people, how many of you guys have ever lost a deal because you, because they You didn't hit the lead time? Yeah, like, it's a really, and it's kind of personal, by the way, when you see commission kind of running away because somebody else dropped the ball kind of hurts. So here's, here's part of a $2 million a year. Rep is creating the ecosystem that can actually support them, that they actually can, can show up and do what they need to do. And if there's one thing I want you to write down, it's, it's this. There's many definitions for sales, but this is an excellent one. Sales is making and keeping promises. And it starts the it goes the entire way through the entire sales process. You get a call, all right? Chat, chat, chat, I'll call you tomorrow. Tomorrow rolls around, ring, ring, ring, ring, all right, I'm gonna get you the quote in two hours. All right. Quote goes out in two hours. Promise, made, promise kept, promise, made, promise kept a great salesperson wants to make an exceptional sales person wants to make, make and keep great promises, and they can do that from the time they have control over that, from the time that the customer first calls, until they hand they hand it off, they close the deal. But what happens with the RTO company? What happens with production? What happens with all of this kind of stuff with the holler that's they're at the mercy of all of those people, because they have set the stage. They have made promises, kept promises. Made promises, kept promises. They have set the expectation for the customer that the promise that if you pay this amount, you are going to get this building at this time. They are setting the expectation for the customer that that promise is also going to be delivered. That is fundamentally what sales is Mic drop. So production matters a lot. Vendors, you're part of this equation too. You promise a certain, certain material, certain special order right in even that can make or break these, these sales. So at Amazon, we're dedicated to

Speaker 2  30:05
delivering your products as quickly as possible. And today, we're thrilled to introduce our latest service yesterday, shipping. It's easy click Checkout to yet to make shipping, and when you confirm your order, you'll already have had a product for a day.

Speaker 1  30:19
I mean, let's be honest. That's about how impatient consumers are. There'd be a company who would do this, they would buy it. But it gets confusing. You should watch the rest of the video when you have a moment. So another promise, marketing versus sales. Ever heard this story, marketers, these sales people, have it easy. Look at all the leads we're feeding them. Like, just close the deal. Like, what is your problem? Sales people, those marketers over here, just sit behind a computer. They don't have to talk to anybody. They're sending us all these leads. All the leads are trash and back and forth, back and forth. Well, okay, so the question is, we're actually on the same team, right? Should be, but how do you know? What do you blame? This is one of the, one of the other things that I promised in the I think it promised in the description. So how do you know what responsibility is, whose responsibility? This is a very simple rule of thumb. Also worth, worth pointing out. I believe, I personally believe, that marketing's job is to go send people over to sales that they can actually talk to, and if you can make, well, talk to and there's a few qualifications too. Are they in your service area? All right? Like that's, you know, some but after that point one, sales is able to have a conversation with them, and they're within your service area, and they're reasonably a prospect. They're not looking to buy a mansion from a shed company, you know, like, there's some basic stuff like that. But then that from there is sales responsibility, and so measuring the contact rate of the leads that you get is actually a really useful tool in being able to differentiate between what is marketing doing, is marketing doing? Is marketing doing their job? Or what in his sales actually doing

Unknown Speaker  32:10
their job as

Speaker 1  32:13
well? All right, so the way to make, make and keep 2 million reps is to let them make and keep more and stronger stories. So this is one of my wife's least, least favorite things about me. There's, there's reason why wedding vows actually have for better or for worse, and this is part of the four words, but I wear these awful, ugly looking shoes. They are despicable. They are they're the epitome of not fashionable. But why do I do that? Well, I do that because there's two reasons. One, I get to feel the ground like I can literally feel when I'm walking over bumps and stuff. Feels amazing, like you get this tactile response to this stuff. And second of all, there's a reason why, like, literally what would happen if you put your foot in a cast or your arm in a cast for, like, 10 hours a day. Like, what would happen to your arm? And so why do we do this to our feet? Right? Like, and every, every toe has its place. People, like, doesn't it feel weird to have stuff between No, like, my toes actually have room to breathe. They go where they're supposed to go. They go where they're made to go. How? Actually kind of how business is supposed to be. Like, business should actually fit the people like a glove. The people should fit the business like a glove. One guy actually walked up to me. He looked at it. He's like, Oh, that's like, glove for your gloves for your feet. I'm like, thank you. I feel so understood. I uh, hang on, I'm jumping ahead. So I mean, and let me, let me just give you an example, because if you're trying to force fit things, you're going to be if you ever had shoes that are the wrong size, wrong style, all this stuff, and you're walking around in pain trying to maneuver, and it's really uncomfortable. So we actually had a dealer who, he used to be a holler, and he was a dealer. He was like, I want to grow this thing. And we got him connected, and got Facebook leads flown in, and he's getting all these leads, and then he's not making much progress. And so we had this conversation with him. It's like, All right, let's figure out what's going on. And he's like, Well, I had this little instinct. He's like, wow. You know, not sure I asked the question. I was like, You're a holler. So broadly speaking, there's, there's, there's two extremes. There are the people who are always in their heads and can't, can't change a light bulb because they're not. They don't have that ability. And then there's other people who are like, they can literally disassemble an entire engine and know exactly where the parts are and put things back together. They're highly tactile. They're mechanically intelligent. And then there's all the people in between. You kind of bounce back and forth, whatever I was like, You're a hauler. A hauler reminds me the type of person who's very tactile. Like, I want to pick I want to, I want to move the building. I want to be behind the steering wheel. I want to, I want to be interacting with tangible things. What do you think of that? He's like, Yeah, I actually really hate being on the phone. I don't actually really want to be that good at being on the phone. Like, get somebody on on the lot where I can actually walk them through the buildings and show them they can see the doors swing open and shut. I can show them every I can open the open and close the windows. I can walk them around the building. I can do everything. I can show them in cool ramps, all this stuff, if I can touch it, if they get if I can touch it and show it to them, I'm in the game. I can close them, but I cannot, for the life of me, describe a building and what they're gonna get over the phone and figure out what it is that they actually want. In this case, he was trying to match a selling style that really did not fit him like a glove. It was the wrong, wrong kind of is the wrong kind of, kind of kind of style. So And to your point, on your sales team, you don't need exactly the same kind of you don't need clones. You might have somebody who's really good at selling, you know, tiny home shelves and higher end cabins and these types of things. You might have somebody who's exceptional at selling RTO. You might have you might have people who are great hunters, who are out there collaborating with people and setting up connections and doing all these other kinds of things. You might have great people who are highly relational. And the grandma who wants to sit and come and sit down and talk to you for two hours about her grandkids is the perfect person for that. Like you don't all have to fit. You want a team that, and you want to put that, put them in their sweet spot where they shine. So like all of you guys think, think about where are the places where I've had exceptional success in sales? Is there, is there a way that we can duplicate that and expand that same for your team members? Now, how can you direct people to to the best? How can you direct prospects to the best, to the best team member for that? So also, MRI will help you with that, in understanding that. Now, what would have happened if this guy, instead of spending 1000 bucks a month on Facebook ads, would have said, I'm gonna go spend $1,000 and I'm going to go bring in a barbecue truck, and I'm going to make everybody driving by fall out of their cars and hunger because they smell this thing. And it's absolutely amazing. What if they would have had a Christmas light up event at his lot and had hot chocolate and live music and living nativity, and this was just a fun way to bring people there. What if he, after Christmas, had a little dumpster to throw old Christmas trees in and another reason for people to show up? Now I'm not saying that these are great ideas, but there's so many possibilities. Once you devote the budget to it, there's so many possibilities to actually attract attention and then bring people in and they're memorable. By the way, we actually did a market research study, literally on live Facebook data earlier this year on what makes Facebook marketplace listing succeed. So for those of you who are using this, you should take note, but a video on the Facebook Live Marketplace actually increased the likelihood of the sale by 124% more than double. Mentioning free shipping increased it by 76% not quite double, but, but substantially, and mentioning RTO increased it by 49% so if you're not doing those three things, and these things do change. So admittedly, the algorithm and things, things that happen, do change across time, but that's based on the study that we did earlier this year, based on, I don't even have the number 1000s. I don't know if it was 10s of 1000s, but 1000s of Facebook marketplace listings.

Speaker 1  38:29
I think it's it's apropos that that Richard sitting up front here. I Richard was in Colorado recording a sales training with us, and the video is, once again, part of this, when we're sitting there doing Q, and a one of the guys, Micah, piped up, and he's like, you know, I used to be all about the numbers. I was driving the numbers. How do I hit bigger numbers? How do we hit bigger targets? How do I drive, drive, drive, drive, drive, drive. And he's like, it took me a while to get what Richard talks about, about actually caring for the person on the other side, but when I got it, I tripled my average ticket value. Just think about that. It's crazy. He didn't change his there wasn't a change to his comp plan, his his objection, handling his like, I mean, it was going way level, layers deeper than that. It was actually caring about people. So I think your question to ask is, how much of your training actually focuses on it's you should train on techniques. You should find ways to optimize. All of this stuff is not wrong. You should spend on marketing if you're not and if or if it's not working, please fix it. That's not what we're here to talk about. But please do you should do all those things, and you should focus on as a rep, as a dealer yourself. How do I do how would I do the best for this person on the other side and help them succeed? And as a

Unknown Speaker  39:55
as a sales manager, Owner, how do I instill that so I mean, you should care.

Speaker 1  40:09
It's a joke, guys, maybe y'all don't know. Is it all right? But what if that mindset extended across the entire industry? What if it's not just to the customers, what if the vendors? What if? What if, as a manufacturer, I care that much about the success of the vendor. What if the vendor cares that much about the success of of of the builders? What if? What if they started putting on trainings of like, it's going to be good for the vendor, billing supply, whatever it's going to be good for them if their clients and customers grow, how can they promote that it's going to be good for if we're on the on the supply side, if, if companies grow, same for dealers, same for salesperson, how can we actually work together to increase value and have it ripple throughout? So I want to do this. This is another, another writer, downer. We all have people who've helped us in some way or capacity in this past week. It could be a little way, a little thing. It could be mentioned a mentor from ages ago that you haven't thought about in a long time. I want you to write down. Think about, if you don't have a way to write down, think about or write down the name of one person that you want to send gratitude to. It could be somebody on your team. It could be sales manager. It could be to the owner. It could be, it could be even to one of the vendors that you love, working with somebody in your life. It could be a personal, personal connection, send, send a note to them with gratitude. So there's an old joke that goes like this, so how do you how do you make a million dollars and not pay any taxes? You any taxes? Well, step one, go get a million dollars. So how do you get a 2 million? How do you get reps who sell $2 million a year or more? Like, well, go get the rep who can sell $2 million a year or more. This is sounding really like a sales pitch where you're not gonna get any value whatsoever. Gracious. Is there an answer to this? There is an answer. So here's what you need to know. There are certain traits about sales people, once they have all the supporting infrastructure around, they can you can actually deliver on the promises that they make. There are certain traits of sales people who are likely to hit the $2 million a year or more. And here's a few of them, I want to tell you a few, a few things about where to find them. Sales. People who sell $2 million a year or more are not unemployed, so that means they are, by definition, working for somebody else. And know your best shot is not necessarily trying to snipe the the sales guy from the guy from the from the company across the road. Great salespeople are driven and they're motivated. On the disc, across the board, we've seen the highest performing salespeople are high di combinations and and the funny thing is, not all of these guys actually look that good on paper. You actually have to look beneath the surface sometimes to see, obviously, they'll have historical success, but to see exactly what it is that drives them. And by the way, they like to make good money. So if they're not, if there's not a good path for them to earn into the six figures, like you're already listen depending on your background and upbringing, we have really weird stuff around most of us, in some contexts, have had to face some kind of thinking around money and greed is not always sometimes The line between greed and financial motivation isn't always exactly always exactly clear, but a good salesperson, let me just be very blunt, this good salesperson probably has, at one point in their life, maybe more, been accused of being greedy, and they probably are financially motivated. Mm,

Speaker 1  44:03
yeah, and so we have a So, also fair warning, these are people who are going to push things until they break. They're going to be great to work with. But, I mean, they're going to be great people, but most exceptional sales people will push and challenge you. So there's a manufacturer who hired a new salesperson to replace, to add on to his sales team, and kind of jokingly complained afterward about all the things that were breaking in the business because this guy showed up, and he meant business. He was going to drive and push, and there were things that they had to kind of scramble to clean up on the operational side, to shore it up once again so they could make and keep promises. It's not always comfortable to hire a high performing sales rep. They don't necessarily make your life easy. It's good for the it can be it's good for the bank account. Should be. You should hire them, but it doesn't necessarily mean that it makes your life easy. Sometimes, some of these people have have often these reps can have high expectations of excellence for how things get to be run. And then the question then becomes, if they're pushing your company, if you're the the owner or sales manager, Production Manager, wherever you're at, if they're pushing your company to a higher level, are you going to step up the game and lean in and do the hard work so that once again, you can make and keep promises. Another thing that we as a little side note, one of the other things we we look for when recruiting high performing sales reps is self esteem. Because if you have somebody who has there's two problems with with low self esteem. Number one is, you can't take rejection very well, because it becomes very personal. Second of all, it's really hard to correct somebody who's has low self esteem. And I think we can all think at times when there's somebody with really low self esteem, and we tried to, you can try to say it in the most polite mannerly way possible, and it completely rips them to shreds. And these people are these people need love. They're insecure, they they need to be built up and and at the same time, these people are unlikely to be highly exceptional, 2 million a year reps who who hit 2 million or more dollars, dollars a year, because it's so hard for them to take feedback through the through the process. So I don't know if you guys remember. You guys remember the rep at the beginning that I talked about at the beginning. So this rep went during her first year in sales, she discovered she had cancer, and unfortunately, did not, did not complete her second year of sales. Of sales and but, but her commissions, because she pushed like she did, because she freed up the time that she that she had her commissions covered her living expenses while she was going through treatment and after she was gone, she was able to help start an orphanage in Africa, which had been one of her lifelong dreams. And here's what, here's what I want you. There's two things I want you to remember. Number one, I believe this with with firm conviction. I don't care whether you're a vendor, I don't care whether you're an owner. I don't care whether you're a dealer or a salesperson. I think that business is one of the most sacred things that we can do on this earth, and I believe sales is one of the most sacred things that we can do. I believe it's an honor. I believe it's a colleague. I believe it changes lives. I genuinely believe that. And second of all, we don't know how much time we have, and it's up to us to get us through this life as best as we can with what we have. So in just a minute, I'm gonna open it up for QA, you guys can can ask questions, whatever I'm happy to answer that I want to share just very briefly about about a few things that we've got. So I've been telling you about the MRI. We typically charge five grand for the sales team assessment across the entire sales team, and it's the same assessment we use for in the hiring process to help understand, where do they win, where did that? Where don't they win? We're offering that Expo only for 50 bucks. And this is a little side note, just a little story for you guys. We have a client here who signed on a client just a little a week ago today. Just got the email with four, five high performing sales reps. One of them actually sold for tuff shed and hit the Presidential club seven years in a row. And that's that was like they're all that caliber of sales person, not all of them in the industry, but all extremely competent. So we have that if you're a dealer sales person, we do have the show up in close, which has the same digital tool that that I talked about with a sales rep, and has Richards video training, and also has another freebie in there. And if you're a vendor as well, the sales team is and you've got sales team that's available to you as well. If you if you're gonna be around, grab a time slot. If you're leaving early. Here's a number to text. We can be in touch. I'm happy to answer any questions that you guys guys have for as long as, as long as you haven't, as long as we can be in here. Actually, I have everyone Christian first before, before you get to spirit, the promise that I made, on on, on making two, $2 million a year reps. How many of you guys feel like I delivered on that promise? And be completely honest. Yes, yes, maybe, if not, this is your chance. I would I want to deliver on my promise. Sales is about making and keeping promises. So if you have questions and things to help me deliver on that promise, I would

Unknown Speaker  49:57
love to do that the class. Here the class, the show up, show up and

Speaker 1  50:05
close out the door. I'm sorry, making sales reps who sell $2 million or a year or more a year. Thank you. Any any questions? Yeah, how do you handle when you have a high

Unknown Speaker  50:19
person? How do you handle when you

Speaker 1  50:34
have a high turnover rate? How do you find the quality and eliminate that further so so it's okay. So it'd be difficult to tell you exactly why without knowing more the situation, and it might be more than one thing. So what from? From my experience, it can be one of two things. One, it can be literally come down to issues in the culture. So there's not their promises again, promises me that aren't kept like we are. We promise you any number of things. There's certain type of inventory, all these, all these types of things that come on the company side, on the on the other side, it really comes down to finding people who are who are career sales, people who who can earn what they want to earn, and can have the backing that they that they need to actually do it and then. And so part of our process that we do is, is in where we help recruit, when we help recruit, is look at salespeople who are in roles who are looking for something like, like that. Often, you know, there's, there's a change of situation. They love their job. There's a change in situation. Maybe the company's eliminating a position or something like that, just as one example. And then, and then, looking at those traits, do they have those traits where they actually love the game of selling and structure structuring compensation as well? We can get into details of that as well, but high performing sales reps actually don't want to, generally don't they know what they can do, and they generally don't want to carry the full weight of everything that they bring. So you need the trust that they can actually deliver, but they often want the company to meet them in some capacity, but also have the opportunity for upside on that. So does that help?

Unknown Speaker  52:23
Okay? Yeah, if you don't

Speaker 3  52:26
want to poach other sales people, what industry is best to translate

Speaker 1  52:31
from to sheds? Well, I mean, I think conceptually it's okay, I would argue I'm not looking to hire unemployed people. No, right? Exactly, yes. So I would, but I would start, personally, start with the exceptional sales person. And if there's, if they're good at selling product acts and they're driven and motivated, then they're going to show up, and they might not have experience in the shed industry, they're going to show up and they're going to learn everything that he can about what it takes, and you throw some stuff at them, and they're going to dig in, dig it and learn it. Now, there are obviously degrees of separation. So once you, once you, once you get past the do they actually have the traits? Are they actually driven, motivated? Can They Sell? And then you go to, like, are they a cultural fit? And if you're down to that, then I think logically, it makes sense to go to adjacent, you know, kind of adjacent types of industries, sometimes construction or, I don't know, you know, you know, B to C versus B to B. Other types of like, what most closely matches? Which of the rest most closely matches? I don't have honestly? Oh, it depends. Sometimes. One of the things we also look at is their selling style. That's part of their recruiting process. And if they use a consultative selling style. Those are the types of reps that we look for. Car salesmen don't always use a consultative selling style. So that's you just think, in the current buying climate, and typically the culture that's better. Sorry, I don't know. Go ahead.

Speaker 4  54:24
So what, like, as far as a follow up process and everything, and you gotta get a salesman that's follow up, and people just aren't committing.

Unknown Speaker  54:32
Like, should you

Unknown Speaker  54:33
just keep pushing, pushing, pushing.

Speaker 1  54:35
Or, you know, sure, there's probably people who are better answered, better qualified to answer this. There's probably, they're probably down the floor, but I would you know, if you're focused on on efficiency, driving toward a clear yes or a no or a later. I mean, if literally like, so literally like, we're closing on this property in three months. I don't like, I don't know yet. It depends what happens with my loan. Well, that's a very clear let's go follow up closer to the closing day, and let's figure out how things are shaping up. And then let's go from there. And if and and sometimes it can, it can just be one of the, one of the most freeing things, is asking for the sale and getting a no and getting the person out of your pipeline so you can actually move on to people who are interested in people who are interested in buying. So a no isn't necessarily a no can be just as good as a yes, because it frees up your time to spend time with people who are looking to buy. Get more people, people probably better qualified to answer that. But and some of that gets developed just as you put in more reps and understand, get to get to know and read people, yes. I mean, it's, I mean, fundamentally, it comes down to like, understand, like asking questions, understanding what it is that they're looking to, looking to do with it, understanding, like, understanding their situation, what they're looking for, and using that to guide and problem solve it. That's basically what I mean by that. Yeah, yeah, yes. In the back you Yes. How do you

Speaker 5  56:07
handle managing the administration chaos, the high producers, because they're pushing a lot of times, they're not concerned about

Speaker 6  56:19
the details. So that's where I'm at, right?

Speaker 1  56:25
Yeah. Well, I think, I think there's so I don't think any of us actually, literally, have truly a dream, a dream job like that. There's 100% of everything that we do that we love. And I think there is a, I think, I think the answer to that is, there's a couple answers. One is, you do build the systems as much as you can around that, like, generally, technically speaking, there's really no reason not to pull, not to pull sales reports to generate paid commission, and you can have them review it if you need to. But like, manually filling out commission sheets, strictly from a technical standpoint, I'm just saying for if there's no other business reason, it's not necessary. So you can, you can take that stuff off on the I think the other thing too, with a lot of that comes down to the sales management, like, I think, I think, Okay, this is, this is a little bit of a digression, but it ties into your question. I think your question. I think often more times more money is made, made or lost with management than it is with almost anything else in a business. And so if you're not actively monitoring and reviewing and engaging with your sales team around their sales, salesperson behaviors, including things like, how often are orders coming back to the salesperson for clarification, how often is the customer complaining about not getting what they ordered or getting what they ordered? All of those types of things, I think some of this comes down to a management issue and just good accountability without,

Speaker 1  57:55
yeah, I mean, but we laugh, we laugh, and we're like, That's awesome. Well, actually, okay, having them sell half a million has its own downsides. Having them sell two and a half million, I'm not gonna pretend like your headaches are gonna magically disappear. I think they're probably better headaches. But I don't want to paint this idea that suddenly life becomes utopia, because I would rather, I would rather people have that problem, but I want to be honest about it as well. Yes, my best sales people

Speaker 3  58:29
have been the people that I brought up organically put in a position where I need to hire a sales now

Unknown Speaker  58:35
person. Okay, how long? How long before you

Speaker 3  58:39
understand if they are a person that can produce sales. Now, I've had them on board one person two months they were hired to be a sales now person, I'm evaluating whether or not I put the right tools in front of them to be successful. However, I

Speaker 1  58:57
still need that sales now. Go get this sales team assessment MRI thing, and we'll tell you whether they how they fit with the criteria what we hire for I I would, I would encourage you to do that. I mean, past, I mean, yeah, they do need time to get warmed up. It's not, I don't think it's fair to immediately look at them, within even a month or two and say, Do you like just the practical thing of building up a pipeline if you're starting cold like that. So that's and on the call when we discuss that, my colleague will be there, he can way better answer your question. But I would encourage you to do that. I know it's not exactly what you're looking for, but hopefully helpful. Yes, one

Speaker 5  59:45
is sales, and I've always said that good salespeople expose problems, and better salespeople expose them more. So basically, if there's a problem

Unknown Speaker  59:57
in their organization, the more

Unknown Speaker  1:00:00
you do, the more you do

Speaker 1  1:00:03
more, yeah, I think it's true. And I think I think any, any owner here, who's who's scaled in any capacity, has like, Yes, I mean 100% and I think also this is a little bit thing for you, a mindset shift for sale for owners too, or sales managers. Sometimes it feels like these types of salespeople will do nothing but complain all day long and and maybe they're genuinely complaining, but maybe they're actually exposing the problems that don't show up until you're actually pushing, pushing on things. Yeah, my

Speaker 7  1:00:34
question was, I'm a manufacturer, so not really in sales. We have a couple of people. I mean, a couple people came to my mind when you're talking about these people that expose problems. One of the things that I have learned is an exceptional sales person is going to come to idiosyncrasies that you just may have to deal with. And we've got a couple of those. But my biggest question for you was, at what point the

Unknown Speaker  1:01:00
very first thing, a couple people, actually, in my company, came to mind, and you said,

Speaker 7  1:01:07
it's time to ask what point, how many hours a week? You mentioned 29 hours a week, which is insane. We're half working. How many hours of extra work is okay for I don't want to call them below level employees, but a person in the

Matthias Miller  1:01:25
company so well, I think owner time should be the highest value time, highest output, any kind of partnership deal that you're working with Another company, anything like setting culture, all that stuff. And I think it it just trip. It should trickle all the way down, down the chain. I mean, there are, there are companies who hire admin assistants for sales people because, because those tasks still need to be done. Maybe they can't be automated. Maybe they're too expensive to automate at this point, any number of reasons, but we still want to spend the majority of the time over over there. So studies vary on this. Some people say that sales people only spend about 50% of their time doing this type of stuff. Some people say it's 33% and I don't think it's saying to say 100% I think, I think you're going to be very happy if they're spending 60% of their time honestly, in this type of stuff, and it's probably better than again, this is this is this is

Speaker 1  1:02:28
this is not the I have thoroughly researched this and looked under every nook and cranny, but I think most of them will also be happy you versus other other roles, if they could be spending that much time in that in that space. Yeah. It, yes, all the way back. So you mentioned

Unknown Speaker  1:02:47
that the good sales reps aren't looking for jobs. How do you go about finding them? If they're, you know, obviously they're not looking for jobs. Indeed, those types of platforms.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:01
What process do you follow to

Unknown Speaker  1:03:02
what

Speaker 1  1:03:04
process do you follow to find right? So I don't know what I said. I may have, may have misspoken. So they may be looking for a job. They're typically not unemployed. So so good sales people are also opportunistic. It's, it's one of the reasons why Richard's take on sales is pretty counter cultural and and part of what makes a good salesperson is that they're looking out for themselves and they're opportunistic. So sometimes, like, they know their roles coming to an end, sometimes it's that, sometimes it's also that I don't know, like, I'm commuting an hour if I could do it in 30 or something like that, or I'm carrying this responsibility, I've been selling for a big corporation, and I've had a lot of success there, but just got bought out by private equity. Like, there's a lot of times where there's some kind of cultural situation in the company, logistics, other types of things that, yeah, but they're they're looking ahead, and they're not sitting around twiddling their thumbs on Yeah, yes.

Speaker 4  1:04:01
What do you do with a person who you know they're a seasoned and successful salesperson, they kind of feel like they've lost their spark. I feel like, for people, like they're in their head, they've lost their spark, and they have the same job they had before, but I want to kind of reinvigorate or reignite what they had before, without changing really their job

Speaker 1  1:04:20
description, I don't, I wouldn't know how to answer that without sitting down and having a conversation with the individual and saying, and it depends on, there's so many reasons why, and I don't know the situation. I don't know how much you know, like, you can't show up and say, I don't personally think that you can be a healthy human have a big conflict with your spouse or significant other and show up and sell exactly the same way that you would if you didn't have that. I don't think that you can have, you know, pick something else, mortgage payments stacking up, and show up and sell in most cases the way that you normally would. And I, the first thing I would probably do is just get curious about with them, like, find out what's going on in their life, find out what they're thinking, what's beyond that. I yeah, there might be other people here who have probably some, some folks around here who've, who've walked through those types of situations, who could, and is there anybody here who's like, I wanna have a conversation? Yeah, go ahead.

Speaker 6  1:05:27
You won't ever know why people do what they do until you know what they feel. So if you can find out what that person is feeling, which is gonna take connection, it's gonna require you to penetrate past any barriers that they have up. This is difficult, it's messy, but when you find out what they are feeling, you will know what why they are doing what they're doing, almost universal law, and maybe you can help them correct that. Maybe you can.

Speaker 1  1:05:55
So there's also, this is a helpful book I came across this past year for for those of us who basically have two emotions. I feel good, I feel bad. There's there's a book called The language of emotions that's basically the dictionary for feelings. So you have to know whether it's anger, like there's families of emotions, there's anger, there's fear, there's grief, but it actually translates from I feel like I feel depressed, I feel down, uninspired, whatever, and translate this to what's the logical thing that's actually going on with that person? So I found that way of I found it useful as a way to listen. I would think I'd be I would love to think I'm way more emotionally intelligent than I am, but sometimes we just need help. Yeah, as a

Speaker 8  1:06:40
manufacturer, as a manufacturer, both in management and in future growth wise, would you lean more towards having in house sales lots that you own? Or would you lean more towards going to third party where, if they're already established or they want to have control of this decision, all that you're just but they would have the opportunity to buy into your CRM, your

Matthias Miller  1:07:15
advertising. I'm going to tell you that I have a personal bias towards internal sales people, because you get to control more of the process. And I think and I think that at the point that you take it as like, there's this interesting dealer, the like, this interesting intersection of dealers, where you have to be, in some sense, a business owner and a salesperson. And it can, it can muddy the waters.

Speaker 1  1:07:41
So for that reason, I do have a bias. But again, there may be things sounds like I probably say this a lot, but there may be things about your situation and the goals of what you're actually looking to do where one might make more sense than the other, yeah, water a lot of things down and wear people

Speaker 1  1:08:02
down in down, yeah, and it's but it takes, it takes a, it's a big leap, if you have a, if you're running a dealer model, to switch to an internal sales model for a lot of reasons.

Speaker 5  1:08:12
Yeah. Have you ever seen profound, perfect salesman who's a $2 million producer? You get a paperwork, who you or something

Speaker 1  1:08:26
like that, I don't think so. Like, kind of, what makes them good at it is, I mean, okay, so there, but there are two different philosophies of selling. And I think there is a world I've I don't this is not the majority. So have I ever seen Yes, there is a specific situation outside of the shed industry with a specific individual who who went from full commission to non commit. Non commission basically hired his his customer support staff to do sales. And because of the industry, he was in very much a super aggressive sales approach. Absolutely killed it doing it. But the charge to spend a day with him, with half hearted promise of or with upfront, I don't know if this works anywhere else, was something like 50 grand, and it so if anybody wants to go explore that, I'm very interested, but I'm not writing the check for that on a on a maybe it works. So has it does? Has it happened? Have people done it? Yes. Is it the majority of the time? No. Is it replicate? Can you replicate it? Nobody knows yet. Maybe. So that's from my experience, my win of the world. Yeah.

Speaker 6  1:09:43
Can I say something? Yes, I'm not purporting myself to be a top salesperson, and I'm on the rent to own side of it. Now it's just selling Chads like I used to be. But here's a crazy idea. I am absolutely horrible at keeping track of the details, getting the paperwork done. People send me an application. It's horribly embarrassing, like I said, people send me an application to get on with our company, and three days later, I hadn't sent it in yet. My boss actually hired a remote employee to handle that stuff for me, because I sucked so bad at it and it's vulnerable. But that might be an option if you have that $2.5 billion producer who you just can't get there, if it's not a character flaw that's driving the rest of the team around, maybe you hire that person a part time person to handle that paperwork, go down their office to review things once a day. I don't know. Yeah, it's a crazy idea, but it could make you a lot of money. Yeah? So do you cut their pay to

Unknown Speaker  1:10:41
accommodate for that, or

Speaker 1  1:10:45
do you raise the expectation? Raise the expectation. Give them a chance to make more money. Because of it. They make more money. You make more money. I think both of you guys win. Yeah, I've and to that point, lowering redo, adjusting compensation after they're on board is almost is a sure way to get them to leave. So maybe you just need to tell them. I mean, just being honest, maybe they'll stay. But it's, it's a real buzzkill for for sales. It's, it is for anybody, but for sure, a salesperson.

Speaker 9  1:11:13
I've done it before, you have to purchase sales rep, if you think it's going to be better for you, to hire this person underneath you, and kind of put it to where it's more on their shoulders, their production means that they get to keep this other person on their team, essentially. And that's how I've approached it, where it's worked well, because we've done this, I've done that in surgical instruments and stuff as well. So that was the best approach that I found to get a sales rep to do it, because we had, I had great sales reps that were terrible with paperwork and CRMs, and then I had great people that came out of customer service that could out produce some of the sales reps just because they follow processes better than the sales reps. So I've had both, but just finding something that really worked kind of dependent on the person's

Speaker 1  1:12:04
personality. Yeah, appreciate that. Yes.

Speaker 10  1:12:08
So kind of, along with that, what is your process for the paperwork? Because if it's too complicated, if you don't have the correct systems in place, then you have that problem. And that's one of the problems, whereas if it's a straightforward, stable

Speaker 1  1:12:24
process, yeah, and simplifying the process, yeah, I would, I would echo that. And most times the process isn't written down. I've heard many stories of sales people saying, Oh, I got one hour of training on the job, maybe, like, it was more like 30 minutes, like, here's your login. Go. It's not gonna work. Work. Well, good. Well, that's, that's, I appreciate all of you guys hanging around. I'll be around. We'll be down there. And thank you guys. Yeah, you bet you

Unknown Speaker  1:13:04
thanks. Thank you,

Speaker 1  1:13:14
man, I'm so sorry. Thanks. Really provide a good microphone. Well, it worked. It was great. Yeah, thanks for thanks for coming up to fix it. Appreciate you. I.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai