Speaker 1  00:01
Hey, Jonathan, I wanted to run an idea past you, so I'm working on a new tool that I'm calling the OBD. It's the internal code name. It's not a marketing term. And basically it's a spin off of a off of the auto industry, where you have a device that you plug in and you read a bunch of codes and it says, Oh, you got this problem, this problem, this problem, and there's a preliminary version. Basically all I'm doing is sucking a bunch of this is for your info. I'm not really disclosing going into this detail with everybody, but I'm sucking out Google ads, Facebook ads, HubSpot, industry specific software, like back back office order management software, potentially sucking in Google reviews and going to be telling people where their problem areas are. And then potentially, this will turn into a dashboard that's like, you know, I don't know, point out specific issues, or it becomes the part of a discovery engagement. We're fill in the blank. Like simple example, you have a salesperson. He's closing at 4% you should fire him and replace him with somebody real, etc, if that's indeed the issue. So my question is, as an agency owner, how would you like this to be pitched to you? And I think the basic pitch is, hey, you're working with this people. One of the biggest problems, which we've talked about forever with agencies, is churn. They get this idea that there's some silver bullet out there somewhere. And you and I know that used to be that way, maybe, but it's really not anymore. And the last thing you need, and the most common reason for agencies to get fired, is because the client is doing something stupid in their business, and things go sideways, and they're like, oh, it's the agency's fault. Just buy better leads dear agency, and everything will be okay. Or some other agency comes along, sells them some kind of shiny object, and says, Oh, hey, look, we could get you whiz bang something else, and your problem would be solved. So the pitch to the agency is two things. One, I have this magic tool that goes super, super deep, and it goes deep into the weeds of all this stuff. And if you just, I don't know if this is there, okay with this, but if you share the account with my MCC, I will and share the Facebook with my account with me, I will go in and I will plug this into the marketing side and go crank all the numbers, and I'm going to make sure you don't get caught with your pants down, and there won't be any embarrassing mistakes when you go to your client. So first of all, we'll help you tidy up the show to your agency. And now, once it's tidied up, we're going to go back to your client and say, Hey, client, we have installed an OBD that is helping us monitor your sales and marketing, but it only lets us do half the job, and we want to make sure we can do the best job possible. And we would like to install this on your sales and marketing and which basically tech language, suck data out of your CRM and order system, so we can cross reference stuff. And the value to the agency is, if you do this and make this introduction, you're not going to get any financial compensation from us, but we're going to help. We've already proven you're doing your job, so we don't have any interest in firing you as an agency, although, if we I mean, like, don't do anything stupid, but we don't have any interest in that. What we really want to do is we want to shore up the business, because when that business does better, there's more ad spend, there's more everybody does better, and they're more likely to hang around. So can you please make the the introduction, and here's what the introduction should look like. Boom, done. I'm curious what your thoughts are on this, also for your ears only, not for the rest of the world, this is a there's a network effect here that would like to implement that, again, trusting your confidence here, but where we build a network effect of data, And so we've got access to end to end, rev ops style data across multiple locations across the country. And then that's really when you start saying, Oh, we never thought about this, but there's this weird correlation in this thing over here that when you apply over there and like, anyway, that's the that's the that is the That's part of the moat in there. And the other part of the moat becomes a dashboard where we can say, Hey look, would you like to keep your team member accountable. So here's how you do it. So anyway, that's the idea. I wondered what your thoughts were on that kind of a pitch to agencies because I'm looking for pools of people to, to. fish in.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai