Matthias Miller  00:04
Yeah, well, no, if you want to go down to the park, yeah, wanna see the digger

Matthias Miller  00:15
spinning? Where is the spinning paper? I

Matthias Miller  00:26
It's not spinning right now. Do you want to see where the spinning thing is, even if It's not spinning?

Unknown Speaker  00:42
I I'm sorry for the wait.

Matthias Miller  10:35
No worries. I got about maybe 10, barely 15 minutes. That's should be quite an argument.

Speaker 1  10:41
And with driving, I got my boys with me, and you're on speakerphone.

Matthias Miller  10:45
All right, sounds good, and I'm with the kids here, so you might have a blend of conversations as needed.

Speaker 1  10:52
Totally fine. So good. I literally just wanted to talk about the podcast and the nhB thing. Can I just say my bit real quick? First, yes, go for it. Totally. I'd like to dive a hair into the podcast comments. So I know Josh fairly well. He's actually worked with me. I think you've seen some of my stories. He is a, I don't know a great way to describe him quickly, but you know, he's a certain kind of person. He's into what he's into, and he's really not into anything that doesn't suit his fancy. And so I'm, I'm wondering, is it that podcasts really aren't going to work, or is it that Josh is tired of it?

Matthias Miller  11:34
Well, I think it's, I had to summarize that in every other situation, it's been falling off a log, easy, okay, and it's been beating a pathway uphill. The only thing you would think to change is expanding my availability, which I would be open to. But it was pretty clear from the conversation that he just they have. He said, 300 leads, 500 phone calls. I didn't expect him to actually get on the phone and talk to people, so Wow. Okay, so he put in an extraordinary amount of effort, and just from his standpoint, it's especially relative to what does work. It just is not working. Like

Speaker 1  12:15
Got it, okay? Well, I agree. So that's data, and we learned something. Yep. Okay, now as far as nhB, here's my take. NhB is the only program that I have seen for the last two, maybe three years that I was like, if I was bored and had money, I would have bought it. It has very good reputation. I've seen a lot of good things about it for a long time now. I've not seen a single complaint about it. The thing is, is that it is a full blown marketing funnel, ascension ladder style, as best I can tell I'm not. I'm not intimately familiar with exactly what it is, but like, I've been in the free group for a long time and such, and the only thing that works so, so in a certain sense, yes, by all means, by it, but the only thing that worries me is the amount of time and effort that's going to go into building all that out. Have you looked into that part at all?

Matthias Miller  13:25
No, I just not really that much, just minimally. But so the Josh's feedback was, I forget what I said, mostly somewhat inspired by Josh's feedback. It sounds very nhB friendly. Is basically get a low ticket offer that converts it, you know, maybe $36 one of the cases they're running, they're, they're getting a 2x row as you have a self liquidating funnel, and then converting about 20% of calls on the back end. Yeah. So that's, that's and he's happy to put me in touch with Lorenzo's copywriter, and when he was mentioning that, I was like, Well, that sounds great. NhB plus or nhB, like, but I don't want to, I'm looking for Greg Fauci. May just be completely, you know, wasted time and effort and money.

Speaker 1  14:22
Yeah, what do you think about just shelving that for a little while, while we really dive into the cold SMS and paper mail?

Matthias Miller  14:33
Yeah, I think that's fair. Should we be looking Do you think the idea of low ticket with an online with a Facebook funnel is smarter? You think that's a waste.

Speaker 1  14:43
It's interesting. I think it's smart in general. I think it can work for us. I also have some other really specific Facebook ad systems in mind that I think would be simpler, and they're literally just book a call funnels. It's the only. Thing I've ever I have a ton to say about it. I want to jam you with noise, but it's the only kind of funnel that I've ever run for myself. It's not like falling off a log easy, but it also shouldn't be too hard. I struggle with this kind of stuff a ton, and even I made it work, at least in terms of actually getting appointments and and zoom calls. And so, yeah, we can do that, and I'm totally willing to do all the work with your input, but it like, if you're ready to try the Facebook ads are out, I'm ready to do it too, and I think we could probably do it for I'm going to guess. I am guessing, but I'm going to guess that the price of a call appointment is in the 80 to $120 range, and that we probably need to spend about $1,500 a month in ad spend, at least at the beginning. Okay, so if that sounds interesting to you, let's flesh that one out a little further.

Matthias Miller  16:02
I mean, is that interesting? Yes, is it? Excuse me, so 1800 bucks, 20 appointments. Sorry, 1500 bucks, 80 a pod, that's 20 appointments, maybe. Yeah, that's bad.

Matthias Miller  16:31
And, well, yeah, I mean, I don't know. Maybe this is just, I'm slightly torn. You know, option one is like, just go rip the band aid off and go do something. Option two is, you know, very much the more strategic, okay, cool. SMS we know is working, so let's go scale that. And then what is the most similar, closely adjacent thing to that, that we could actually scale.

Speaker 1  17:05
And when you say that, do you mean SMS? Yeah, I think it's, I think it's, I think it's SMS first, paper mail, second, and Facebook ads third.

Matthias Miller  17:15
Okay, I like it. So we're showing podcast. I do think,

Speaker 1  17:19
Oh, I'm sorry. No, it's all right. Okay, I do think so. Let me say this. I'm sure you're familiar with the whole thing about the people who really get it done in the real world often do things a little bit different than what the gurus teach. And as best I can tell, all the guys with an agency or a consultancy that are actually making cold contact work, they almost always use a combo. So with that in mind, I think literally doing cold SMS, paper mail and Facebook ads at the same time to the same people, I actually think it will be a very effective strategy, right three, three prongs on the same fork.

Matthias Miller  18:10
And is there a way that could we so? So maybe I'm having a hard time visualizing it, okay, but if you, if you did three prongs, and it's still 1500 a month on the on the Facebook campaign, I

Speaker 1  18:33
don't know. I actually think there is a chance it could be better. But I not like if you were just a client that didn't know me, I wouldn't even suggest that option. Let's promise it. Yeah, it's possible, and I do think we'll get the cost down at, you know, over time, as we optimize. But out of the gate, I think the numbers I gave you are pretty realistic.

Matthias Miller  18:57
So step one, okay, do you think? Do you think my book idea is a I mean, I did it for fun, partially, and I got some feedback back. The biggest challenge, which I'm not surprised about, is that there are some areas of missing continuity. Because obviously I didn't give AI the full context, and I don't really expect it to I should have given it prompts to check for open loops and other things that need to be followed up on. But even with that, you're not going to get it perfect. And the goal was 70, I think it's a reasonable goal. Is 70, 80% complete, and we did that. But if we were to finish the book, or at least get it at a better state, is that, do you see that playing into is that just okay go have creative expenditures so you don't wreak havoc on what's working or does that have any near term value in any of this funnel?

Speaker 1  19:56
I don't know. My guess is that it might play better into the nhB. Funnel I was picturing. I don't know that I've ever grasped what you had in mind. But the book a couple things. I think we talked about using it for lumpy mail. I think we talked about handing it out at the event, if the young fellow, what was his name again, Devin, if, if that had happened. I think we were talking about giving the book out at events. I do think listing it on Amazon is a good idea, but I have worked with a number of book funnel people, including my own remarketing book with Rob Drummond. And as best I can tell, Amazon is not really a top and funnel input like, sure, you might sell a copy or two, but I don't think it's going to be like, Wow, this is a traffic source. I just don't think it works that way. And then we're we talked about, sorry, my TPS, talk to me. We talked about taking the sequence from the book and turning it into both an opt in email series and a series of ads that might go into the PCB,

Matthias Miller  21:11
right? Or postcard, yep. Or

Speaker 1  21:14
postcard, thank you. Yeah, exactly. And I think those are great ideas, whether, whether or not it's going to be like the perfect thing to run Facebook ads to. I just don't know. We have to try and see. Wow, I

Matthias Miller  21:27
don't. I would agree with you, and I think the reason to publish on Amazon is simply because it's one of the least expensive, high quality publishing platforms where you can get archived books at a reasonable price. So I do

Speaker 1  21:37
agree, yep. I mean, and it makes you look like a published author and all that other stuff, right?

Matthias Miller  21:42
But no, I agree with okay. I mean, that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  21:52
Is the postcard with the I keep going round and round with this.

Matthias Miller  22:11
So if, if we have a post, if we have a postcard, is the story the best thing that we have to put on there, or are there other things that we should be

Speaker 1  22:26
Yeah, I really don't know the answer to that question, and I'm very curious about it. This is something I was hoping you could ask other round table members, or for people who have actually done paper mail in the past.

Matthias Miller  22:41
Well, why would we ask David Foley what I mean, he has a proven ads, membership, direct mail membership. Could we get a consult with him and Agent this way? This way, run around, run around the side, run down the sidewalk, then and say, Are there any agency related direct mail campaigns that have been running for a period of time that either either for market, either for marketing, media buying or sales training that I mean that would that would be the one place I would know to start making ideas, too. Can

Speaker 1  23:28
you, I don't know how that works. Can you fire off an email to him or something? Again, probably worth a quick email, if that's how it works. Yep, let's do that. I'm sure that in the long run, the answer to all these things is test, try it and find out. But it sure is nice to start off with the first test being something that has a reasonable expectation of working because it worked for somebody else, right? Or something like, exactly, exactly, yeah, yeah. Please. I have, yeah, let's just quickly see what David Foley has to say. And then I do have some other, oh, I have some training on on lumpy mail, sending, you know, people, custom letters and stuff. It's not, I've never tried it, but it's the stuff I have access to that has supposedly worked for other people. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  24:21
Well, I have Travis. What is it? Lee, or whatever his name is on the 3d mail,

Unknown Speaker  24:28
right? No, it's a different

Matthias Miller  24:29
guy. Oh, no, you don't turn it off. It's not okay. We got to go back. You're going to create trouble for other people who can turn that on. Okay, all right, fair enough a few few emails to send out Mickey and David Foley podcast is dead. I started the website migration process looking at VHL to my email and. And we can make that be the be the cobrand, any other kind of takeaway that we should be thinking about,

Speaker 1  25:07
seems right. I am planning on sending out a new batch of SMS in the morning, double checking on that you're good, you're good, to go with that. Yes,

Matthias Miller  25:16
okay, might be afternoon until I get back to them. But yes, appify or

Speaker 1  25:22
API fi, however you say that is finding hundreds more than instance data scraper was it is finding some that are clearly like hardware stores. And I'm going to try to manually clean those out. So it's going to happen like something's going to get through the cracks there. But I figured that I'll just come out in the wash hopefully, hopefully most of the stores are landlines anyway, so maybe even just cutting down to the, you know, with the landline remover tool. Hopefully that will remove a lot of the hardware store, box store situations,

Matthias Miller  25:55
yep. One other note that from Josh, I had pulled some built with lists from built with.com He said those lists are very dirty, and they had to do a lot of cleanup on him. So just FYI,

Speaker 1  26:07
interesting. Okay, okay, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  26:12
Awesome. Appreciate it. Thanks a lot. Yep, you bet best.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai