Speaker 1  00:40
Can you hear me well enough? Yes, I can. Okay. First, a bit of humor. So right down there at the bottom, the AI offered to produce the graphic image. I am very curious what it gives you. If you tell us to go ahead,

Matthias Miller  00:53
yeah, I was curious myself. I will send it over. It is hysterical.

Speaker 1  00:57
Okay, so, okay, so that's actually an interesting output on in a certain sense. I'm vaguely disappointed that McGee said use AI instead of like, telling you, oh, so and so does this. And it really works. But the main thing that struck me by the output is it's kind of the same as Carsten said with the text messages. We're really just pushing to get him on a call with you. Like it's, in other words, it's not a terribly specific offer, but maybe that's a good thing.

Matthias Miller  01:32
Well, I mean, it seems to me like, Oh, Josh Thomas had interesting feedback for me. Shocker. Shocker. He says your writing is dense. You need somebody to make it more lizard brain. Basically, he didn't say it like that, but that's what he meant, yeah. And I think I mean, basically what we're selling is saying is sell more sheds, I mean, and maybe there's some things like, If we say sales training, oh yeah, we got that. Or, you know, Facebook and Google advertising. I mean, I think that would help the, probably the thing that differentiation has been so ingrained in me that I sometimes resist being that straightforward. But,

Unknown Speaker  02:11
yeah, yeah, no.

Matthias Miller  02:15
But I think, I think for the sake of the buyer, you have to be so I need to address the differentiation some other way?

Speaker 1  02:22
Yep, I agree. And you know, it's kind of funny, I run Google ads for a living, and I tell people that all the time, and I say, I don't do Facebook ads, partly because I'm not that creative with copy. And then when they say back to me, Well, what do you do for your Google ads, meaning the copy? Every time I come around to that, I almost laugh, because the truth of the matter is, what works on Google ads is very plain vanilla. You're looking for x, and we have x right? Like I've actually done Perry's whole Swiss Army Knife thing on Google ads, and it actually normally loses compared to the plain vanilla straight forward, yes, we have one of those for you and so, and that's not 100% apples to apples with postcards, but I'm just saying, like, I think the Hungry lizard brain shed builders just literally want more leads and want more sales, and so we may as well just hammer on that for now, at least at the beginning.

Matthias Miller  03:30
Well, that makes me think about maybe just completely ditching the home. So by the way, I you know this is not to get us off track. So on the postcard thing, what does that mean? Does that mean you say, Well, I still haven't that. I still have the Avenue with Robert or David Foley. I mean,

Speaker 1  04:02
John, much card image into chanting, please,

Matthias Miller  04:09
the session. The session expired, but here let me I can get it to regenerate. But basically it was just a it had to kill the emojis because the emojis were messing up the Python code, yep, and then it was all in a single postcard, yep. Fonts basically the same size. It changed font colors, yep. I mean, yeah, that's basically it. Who's really pathetic. Yeah,

Speaker 1  04:42
let me and I do want to see a design before we go and print it, I'll probably have feedback on it that applies. So in case I confused you, my comment there about Google ads and the plain vanilla was not a different pathway. I was actually saying. Like, this output that the AI just gave you is pretty much just hammering on the core points. And I and like, it's not terribly blue ocean or terribly unique or whatever, but I'm basically saying I don't think we need something terribly unusual or unique, at least for step one, I'm thinking, I'm thinking of exactly what it gave their hammering on the core points of more leads, more sales, and just get on the phone with me. I honestly think that's good enough for now. Okay, I think

Matthias Miller  05:30
if we needed point of differenti differentiation, I think that we've, we've some something akin to, we know how the whole thing needs to work, from A to Z. We're not just the lead gen company, and we're not just this guy who grew one company and then sold it and now is advising other people. Yeah.

Speaker 1  05:50
So yeah, absolutely yes, something that shows that we do the whole spectrum and that we have our reps in we've done it multiple times. So

Matthias Miller  06:00
one, what other question Do I have?

Matthias Miller  06:17
I really wonder, what oh another observation was, yeah, it's re running, and now it's having trouble with special characters

Matthias Miller  06:32
on the I

Matthias Miller  06:41
think this is the prime opportunity to do a go, turn chat, GPT loose on competitor websites, and do an analysis of competing agencies and their copy and what they're promising. Okay? And I mean, it seems, seems to me like we could pretty quickly get a website that's pretty solid using that, I'm also thinking, simplest thing currently, the website is way too in depth about what's our approach. Okay, I think, and I think it could be the hovid could be something as simple as, you know where pick your pick your problem. Basically, you need free leads. Go here. You need your you want to spend for quality leads. Go here. Oh

Speaker 1  07:35
and speed, oh, yeah, yeah. If you want free leads, go here. If you want to get it and get it faster and get better ones pay for it, right? Yep, makes sense. And

Matthias Miller  07:45
then, yeah, yes. And you need trouble. And you have trouble closing your leads. Go here, absolutely you have trouble managing your leads. Here's the CRM, yeah, or here's the sales training. Be explicitly over the Facebook marketplace. Need free leads. Facebook marketplace, faster Facebook or Google,

Speaker 1  08:08
yeah, faster or more, faster or faster or more, yep,

Matthias Miller  08:13
faster or more. Go Facebook or Google need to, need to manage and be more effective and close more. Here's our CRM and then need to scale up your sales team. Here's our hiring page. And you want to streamline your back office and operation, or your, you know, your your actual manufacturing or something. Go here, yeah, I don't know where to start. Go here.

Speaker 1  08:48
That's that's perfect. Okay, so a couple things. Let's take the where you said that the current home page goes into too much about our process. Let's take exactly what you have on the homepage right now, and let's move that to an about us page, because that's the perfect place for that detail. And then on the homepage, let's do the classic deal, where at the top we have a hero image with a contact form on the side, and immediately below that, basically was that five steps, five or six steps, whatever you just look right? Let's have it in the form, literally with an arrow, like, you know, as if this is the full picture of a shed seller's business growth, or however you want to describe that. And then, like, pick which stage of the journey you're up against, and they literally need to click a button. Every single one of those buttons submits their contact info to us and also adds them to an autoresponder, hopefully, GHL, SMS and email both. But then you know the at least the intro. Go to the autoresponder series can be customized to whichever meaning applicable to whichever step they just picked. And then, of course, dump them into the main autoresponder, which is exactly what Perry would do with any of his lead magnets or entry points. Yep, and having it in the like literally on the page above the fold, right under the hero section, literally focus on like, let's get to work. Just pick the spot in the transformative journey. I know that's marketers language, but we'll figure it out. Pick the one you're at, and we're going to give you a leg up to the next days.

Matthias Miller  10:42
I don't think I'm visualizing what you're saying, but is there a way you could sketch it out on a sheet of paper or some other way?

Speaker 1  10:51
Yep, Yes, yep.

Matthias Miller  10:55
And I think the basic premise is just sell more sheds, literally.

Speaker 1  11:02
Okay, so funny enough. Totally random coincidence. I know this guy. I know I'm from AD skills. He's kind of like the village Grump. He's pretty sassy, pretty crappy. He doesn't like people, and he runs the Facebook ad agency, and he's always complaining about how awful agencies are, competitors are and clients are, but he's a pretty smart guy. Um, so he put out a Post this morning, this morning anyway, who knows, saying something about basically how good he is at writing copy for Facebook ads. And he said, like when I first learned from some mentor, he didn't say who the mentor taught me to always beat the control, and I do. And so I actually kind of teased him back on the post. So I was like, Okay, so the magic sauce is always beating the control, but how do you actually do that? Well, to my surprise, he sent me a private note talking about it, and he listed off several things, but one of the ones that he that he named was, I know hilarious, like COVID. Brains just took over. I know exactly what I was trying to say, but I forgot my own thread. I'll get back to that. It applies literally to what we were trying to talk about on the site. But now I forgot exactly which part of that I was headed for. So lizard,

Matthias Miller  12:21
bring some more sheds.

Speaker 1  12:27
That was almost it. That was almost it.

Speaker 1  12:36
Well, getting old and getting crazy is fun. I what I remember. I'll let you know.

Matthias Miller  12:49
Okay, well, sounds good. I mean, it sounds like, okay, yeah. I like, I like your idea about about us, our approach. I can rename the current one to the team. I think I can, yeah, if you want to. I don't know. I don't know how much time would take if you got 15 minutes. Got 15 minutes. Well, I probably won't be able to do much between now and late tonight. But yeah, you got a few minutes in time to sketch out what you're thinking. I appreciate.

Speaker 1  13:11
I sure will. Yep, all right, good enough for now. And yeah, whenever you get chat GPT to spit out an image posted in the chat there, please will do Okay. Thanks,

Matthias Miller  13:21
awesome. Thanks, goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai