Unknown Speaker  00:36
Hey, again, Again, you.

Matthias Miller  01:06
Hey, there. Hey, Josh.

Unknown Speaker  01:10
Matthias, Madra,

Speaker 1  01:13
look at all those chairs. Are you in? Like, a conference room?

Matthias Miller  01:18
It's my office, actually. Okay. Yeah. I

Speaker 1  01:21
was like, Man, why would somebody have so many chairs at one desk? But I see now it's more of a conference table.

Matthias Miller  01:27
Yeah, it's more of a conference table, Yep, yeah, cool.

Speaker 1  01:31
Well, yeah, good to good to meet with you. I hate that we're not performing for you the way that we want to as far as our stats, we have pooled 363 leads. We've made 500 plus calls, including follow ups. We've sent 114 email invitations. We've posted on a PR site, quoted, we've posted on a podcast site, matchmaker, and we've made eight Facebook posts.

Unknown Speaker  02:11
And man said, people don't want to be on podcasts. I guess we turned the crank. Man, yeah. So,

Matthias Miller  02:25
okay, the crazy thing is, we kicked off a cold SMS campaign. We got a 33% response rate. Booked 25 opportunities, none of them had closed yet, partially between life happening on their end and probably my own sales skills and me being out here, there for different stuff, but we're getting signs of life when we're having conversations on that front,

Unknown Speaker  02:49
not a podcast about yourself, about

Matthias Miller  02:51
the podcast, just like straight, going straight, straight to sell more sheds, and then figuring out What that needs to look like for them. So I So, um,

Speaker 1  03:08
is there? You hit it? You hit it hard, dude, like we weren't over here. Just like eating grapes.

Matthias Miller  03:15
It sounds like you're more like eating sand, really, to be honest.

Speaker 1  03:18
Yeah, and I'm not making any excuses, and I'll do everything I can to make it work for you and make it right. But we got other guys that you know booked 25 guests, and they all showed up. So I don't know, man, so

Matthias Miller  03:33
So I have theories, and I don't know at what point you just say, okay, it great idea. It's not going to work. I know. I know, if we want to like the popular podcast. You know, other popular podcasts, they go after the vendors. Of course, vendors want to sell their sell their wares, and so they're happy to do that. I think, understanding that these are, I don't know what equivalents you have, to translate this intuitively without a whole bunch of data specifically around the podcast stuff, I would say scheduling could potentially have been an impact. I don't know from you, like most, even conversations with folks, it's been, hey, we want to talk early in the morning before you know customers show up, so it might be a barrier to block in the middle of the day. I've wondered, too if I don't know if it's worth sweetening the pot with this, but saying, Look, we're going to shoot the video, we're going to grab some clips, we're going to put some money behind it, and you'll be featured in your community, and people will know you, you know you run like, a 510, $20 campaign in their area, and you're, I mean, celebrity.

Speaker 1  04:39
I don't think that's going to move the needle. Like, oh, like, if we can't get them to book to begin with, I don't know that that'll make a difference. The one thing, the one thing that I think could make a difference is, I think your only availabilities on Fridays, right? Yeah, yeah. So I think it's possible if you did like, a mid week and. And maybe had some of those morning slots or something, then that could potentially make an impact. But I don't know, dude, like, I would, I would think, with all the people we touched, we could have gotten 10 people booked by now,

Matthias Miller  05:12
right?

Speaker 1  05:14
And we couldn't, yeah, yeah, okay. But so good, it's Yeah, I mean, like, we'll keep going, but I would say, if you wanted to make any changes, I would change your availability. But the other thing that we can do is just put a bullet in it and try something else, right? And, you know, whatever, whatever you need. Like, I've got other ways to generate leads, and I've got a copywriter and an ADS person that is slaying right now. So, you know, I could just pull in and lend some of that time, and we could build, like, a campaign or something, and I would just cover the cost.

Matthias Miller  06:06
Well, I don't Okay, to be clear, I'm not pushing for it. I appreciate it, but I think it's I understand that everything goes as planned. We've been, we've been scraping leads off of using Apple API. I don't know what you call, how you're supposed to pronounce it, but scraping Google business leads off of, off of there, which I don't know where you guys were getting yours. And so building a and so Jonathan and I have been talking about running a running Facebook campaigns using those email addresses. And, you know, where I don't know. I mean, I'm open to other ways to generate leads, so I don't know. I don't know what you're Yeah,

Speaker 1  06:52
so Well, there's, there's, by the way, just got a Anna was saying you sent us some leads from made, made with, or built with or something, and then much other ones and we needed, we had to go and, like, clean those up pretty much. So if you're going to use those, just be aware like it's not the best data. A so here's, here's what's working right now and and first of all, podcast works if we can get people on it. You know, I, I've made a bunch of money from bringing people onto my podcasts and converting them into clients. In fact, I had a conversation with a guy this morning who was on my podcast, and he's very interested in, you know, working with me. But the other thing that's making money is sending traffic to a low ticket impulse buy offer for 20 to $50 and that solves one specific problem for them. And then an offer stack having them book a call on the back end for strategy and planning, and then you close them for your, your your bigger product. That's that's working really, really well right now. We We ran ads for that, and we spent $9,239 in January, and the gross was 104,393 and now not all of that came from ads, but most of it did, and so and we the purchase was between 36 and $45 per purchase and ad spend. And then the average order value on the front end was 72 so we were making money on the front end, and then booking on the back end is where we made the real money. And so somebody books a call, we make 30 bucks every time somebody books a call, and then we close, you know, one or two out of five on the back end. And so it would really be a matter of like, they may not be great at showing up to your podcast, but they are on Facebook and they are scrolling and they are responding and buying stuff. They're just regular people like you, me. And so I would say, if you had a, you know, sell more sheds front end product that you sold for a few dollars, and you put it in front of them with some ads that would convert it would pay for itself, and it would give you a database and calls booked on your calendar. Better, but you know, I'm also the same dude that told you the podcast would work, so take that with a grain of salt. Well,

Speaker 1  10:18
if that's something that you wanted to do or to test, I would gladly lend you, you know, some time and put you on a call with my copywriter. And you're a sophisticated marketer. You could probably, you could probably build most of this yourself, right? The thing that makes it work, though, is the copy and the angle. You're a very dense writer, not dense, like dumb, but, like, use a lot of words and very sophisticated language, and would need to, you would need to go to the other end of the spectrum, and because that's what's converting,

Matthias Miller  11:02
yeah, again, I mean, I'm getting to give it, give it a go. And I, I mean, Jonathan's helping me on this project we're doing. He's doing some media buying. For for clients, and so between him and I, we've got a lot of, if we've got some some smarts to lend some direction to we've got a lot of you know, we're willing to roll up our sleeves and do what it takes. Yeah? So, yeah, I think that's cool here.

Speaker 1  11:46
Yeah, I know. So here's, here's what I'll do, let me talk to my copywriter and tell him the situation, and probably at a at a minimum, I can get him to do a call with you and kind of walk you through, like, from basically, tell him what you do. I'll tell him what you do and and he'll be able to, like, translate that down into an angle that should work. And, you know, and if, if you've got, if Jonathan's running the ads, and you can build out a basic funnel on high level, or click funnels, or whatever you use, then it should work. Man, yeah, it's, it's, it's crushing for us, like we're, we're launching another offer because it's doing so well, okay?

Matthias Miller  12:39
And then, as far as you're concerned, do you have any issue I have? I ended up completely unrelated to what I was doing with you guys, getting the white label GHL account any issue from you. If I just point the domains over to my GHL and export anything that I want to keep from No,

Unknown Speaker  13:00
we'll, we'll give you anything you want.

Matthias Miller  13:04
I mean, yeah, I don't think there's much. I think it should be pretty much export imports. It'd be nice to I think we're increasingly leaning in, because we're focusing on this industry, leaning into using the shift that needs ran for all the deliverables, beyond just the podcast and so having control of that, and being able to build out the website

Speaker 1  13:21
would be awesome. Yeah, definitely. You, you bought it, right? Like you, I bought the domain.

Matthias Miller  13:25
So Okay, I just need Yeah, and I think I can pull the DNS, any DNS, it's basically just email DNS, and yeah,

Speaker 1  13:36
your, your DNS records for the website, and then the MX records for the email, yep, and there may be some other, a record thing or something on there, but yeah, you could just move them. Yeah, I wouldn't worry. But it's not like anybody's going to the website. So right?

Matthias Miller  13:56
I have one of my clients keeps asking, he's like, how's the podcast going? Well, eager, well, yeah, so let me, let me do this.

Speaker 1  14:09
I'll ask, I'll ask if he can knock that out, and I'll just, probably just put you guys together directly and and if you feel like you can build it, then that's what I would do. And if I can, if I can help or assist with it and getting it off the ground, you know, we're happy to help with that. Yeah, the least, least I can do, man, like, I don't want you sitting there like cursing my name in your sleep.

Matthias Miller  14:44
Well, I yeah, I appreciate it, all right. And then as far as overall strategy, you know, scraping emails, cleaning them, pushing them into a Facebook custom audience, using that for targeting. Is that or is there an. We gotta ask, who knows? Don't know? Okay,

Speaker 1  15:03
I don't do that. So I don't know if it'll work. I'm sure that it works, but I don't know if it's the most effective way to do it like we're not. We're not doing that with the way that we're running ads and and and we're getting great results, but maybe somebody else has some other idea, you know, I mean, you're in a

Matthias Miller  15:29
small, 24,000 person universe, or something like that. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  15:37
I mean, and that's the other thing is there's just, like, it's a it's a very small market,

Matthias Miller  15:42
right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  15:46
cool, but they're on Facebook, and I think you know if they're talking about selling sheds, and you can write an ad about selling sheds, Facebook will find them. Yeah, yep. All right, so, I'll His name is Lorenzo, and so I'll connect you. I want to reach out to him right now and then. I'll just probably connect you guys on on Facebook will be the easiest, and lets you coordinate from there to have him do a quick meeting. All right, sounds good, yeah, any other questions, complaints, concerns? No,

Matthias Miller  16:29
you've been awesome, man, bummed, bummed, obviously bummed on both ends. It didn't, didn't work out, but I appreciate you giving you giving it a go, and appreciate you doing what you can.

Unknown Speaker  16:40
Yeah, Andre you were going to say something? No,

Speaker 2  16:43
just, just listen. So a woman, a few words, try to be very well, not always successful. Fair enough.

Speaker 1  16:56
All right. Man, well, Matthias, will we'll keep this going. I want to add at a minimum, I want to make sure you make your money back. So here.

Matthias Miller  17:05
Sounds good. Thanks, everybody.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai