Matthias Miller  03:28
I'm Matthias Mercer.

Speaker 1  03:34
I'm really good morning Tori Good morning Matthias how are you? How are you both this morning?

Speaker 2  03:42
Good. It's raining outside. It's a nice relaxing sound. Stay alert. Okay, good. How are you?

Speaker 1  03:52
Good. I love your positivity. Tori, wherever you're like it's raining, but it sounds so beautiful. Most people would be complaining about the rain.

Unknown Speaker  04:01
Yeah, I love it when I don't have to go out in it.

Speaker 1  04:04
It's awesome. Yeah, that's for sure. My kids actually both sleep with like white noise. So it's a little bit since they were little and my son prefers like rain sounds and my daughter prefers crickets. chirping crickets. In my house at night, when everything gets peaceful, there's like a thunderstorm in one room and then like summertime, crickets

Speaker 2  04:31
all the things that make sure of everything. All in nature.

Unknown Speaker  04:35
Nature's just Yes, of course of nature.

Matthias Miller  04:37
Hilarious.

Speaker 1  04:41
It's funny. I wanted to let those of you know I have been putting my eyes on our Wiki pages. And I was noticing a couple that I feel like we can merge together because they were kind of early questions we had or just processes. So Tori when you and I meet next week. Think we We could take a look at those together just to make sure we both see which ones are merging together so you don't feel lost, like where did that document Go? Go. I was just putting an eye on it yesterday. And I was like, you know, some of these are either repetitive or they could be combined. Like there's some stuff with RTL kind of wanted to try to cluster together. And then some things on the building specs. I'd like to try to cluster together so that it's just more of a speedy access, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  05:36
Thank you for thinking into that. Mercer.

Speaker 1  05:38
Oh, you betcha. All near my goal on one of them. I wanted. I wanted to get dimensions on. message you yesterday and how tall is the roof? I know the building. I can't find that note anywhere. I know. I've asked like three times. So I need to document it in a Wiki article. I don't lose my paper.

Speaker 2  06:00
Yeah. Did you end up finding that email on the barn height? No.

Speaker 1  06:10
I couldn't find it. I was searching keywords. And I'm like, yeah, no, yeah.

Speaker 2  06:17
Hey, Michael. I have a guy that is going to be visiting Hampton Ville on Saturday. So um, you did say there were designer? A lot of designer sheds, right. He wants to make sure before he dies an hour and a half, that he's able to see a few designer sheds. So just wanted to confirm on that.

Speaker 3  06:41
You're absolutely there are multiple multiple size multiple colors. Easy to browse, and it will be open. So he'll be able to go in the inside is

Unknown Speaker  06:56
nice. Okay. There won't be anyone there. Right? Somebody

Speaker 3  06:59
here. Okay. There's a 10% chance that there will be but probably not, but they will be open so he can feel free to browse in and out.

Speaker 2  07:10
Okay, perfect. I will let him know. And there may be a RT o contract coming through to you for approval. is on it's $23,000. But the customer, they just have a question about the floor that I sent over to you yesterday. I sent them a picture of the nice paneling with the couch inside and all that. And they were like, Oh, what's that floor? Can we get that floor? So I spoke with Addison, we said that it's something that maybe we did in the past, but we don't offer anymore. Is that accurate, Michael?

Speaker 3  07:47
So that that is correct. It was something we back we had done is the snap lock floor would buy at hardware store. From people's curious jobs are those different selections these days, but it was a one of those selections that we had carried weight early on. So at this point, what you can offer to them is either in a plywood floor, which I wouldn't recommend the 50 year floor, which is a very good floor for either for like workshop, whatever, or it is also the best suited option as a sub floor if they wanted to go with like the snap lock option, they could just purchase the 50th floor and then purchase SnapLock like visit a Home Depot and then install as an after fact, would work really well. Or they can do our locks guard flooring, of course. Right? Okay. Good to know. But if you do want to get that look, I would suggest Yes, sell them the 50 year floor and then recommend them as an aftereffect to do that snap lock then they can choose their color schemes better there's so many available these days that their logo

Speaker 2  09:11
Okay, is there a reason that we stopped doing this netbook for customers

Speaker 3  09:18
we had done the snap lock we had done was like the composite type and so it looked really really well when it was new. Or whatever. After it wasn't it didn't hold up well in moist to moisture so people tracking in and out traffic foot traffic was like coming in from in the mornings with us out there it's wet with wet feet and then we had some issues with some a little swelling or etc. So sort of moved away from that. Now. I will say that more recently. It has become very Are you popular for more of the like the luxury vinyl snap lock, which is resists moisture doesn't affect it too much at all, and would be as much more expensive, but would be a really good option. It would have really good success.

Speaker 2  10:19
Okay. I appreciate you explaining that, Michael. I know that we had a conversation last week about the windows on a designer sighting and I'll let Marissa know that they're updated to look like the Glenview and that the Bethel were the kind of just on the outside. Are there any other features that we may be seeing that I've been updated that we should probably know about?

Speaker 3  10:44
That's a good question. coming to my mind, that would be the only one that has recently been changed.

Speaker 1  10:56
tempered glass window Michael or is it from the picture Tory that you had it looked more like the insulated window with the sill.

Speaker 3  11:07
They are absolutely all tempered now and it is actually the same window installed in a different way from the inside out, instead of on the outside, it actually comes on the inside, there's framing done to the to the sill and then it's okay to bring it out. So it actually is the very same black window. So it's just interesting, a channel on it. But we didn't. That'll change. So it gets a new look. But again, only applies to design or exteriors, all of the others have not changed. And so coming back to the RTO on 23k may be worth just talking about that just a little bit from because yesterday, it seems like over 15k is there's a lot of pushback on from the RTO company right now. And if we did the cap, there's probably a pretty good chance that there would be a fairly difficult get it approved. So just knowing that probably is probably a good thing as we talk to customers and think about that. We need a fix for this. I think we do in this, but I'm willing to take a peek at it. If they do have you do and have one and you know, they want to ask for approval on it beyond the 15k I'll definitely definitely dive in and see what we can do there. But

Unknown Speaker  12:54
yeah, and I'm definitely making that

Speaker 3  12:55
to try to push them towards like trying financing at least seeing if there's approval there. That's probably a much greater chance. People.

Speaker 2  13:11
Yeah, you're kind of cutting out a little bit, Michael, but I heard most of what you said, and I'm gonna let the customer know that there's a chance that it won't be approved. So definitely gonna make them aware of that. To see if they'd be interested in other financing options. But it seems like credit was a bit of a concern, but I'll revisit that conversation with him today.

Speaker 2  13:41
But would it be okay to go ahead with the purchase? Or should we kind of wait on that part? I

Speaker 3  13:50
think this is just from the past seven days how things have actually been functioning on if we exceed the cap, it seems like there's probably wisdom and in getting approval on them before we close the sale or else we'll set expectations to the customer. It just becomes difficult conversations to have that Oh, you're declined. We can't do it after all. If we exceed if we can do up to 15k if it exceeds that we need to get approval. And so it sets those expectations to them and they're aware of that seems like an easier conversation than the other. And know, the backyard financing, it doesn't hurt your credit. We can start out with that one as well. If you would like you know and see if you get approved there. It doesn't ding your credit as a soft check for school around. Could be another option that could be pursued in that conversation. Okay, limit that. Absolutely. I do think we need better options above Have between 15

Unknown Speaker  15:05
Yeah. It was

Speaker 3  15:11
words of wisdom to know on the same subject. Matthias, do you have any words of wisdom to share in this situation?

Matthias Miller  15:24
Well, I mean, I agree with setting expectations, I think it's pretty important. And I've wondered whether

Matthias Miller  15:38
I've wondered whether the there's got to be some point at which somebody says, Yes, I'm willing to do a $23,000 rent to own as long as it's legal. I'm, you know, whether it's whether it's change of pricing, whether it's, I don't know. Or, well, it seems to me, there's got to be some way around that to, apart from apart from legislation, there's got to be some some way around that. There, for example, and maybe I'm going way too deep with this, but there's a company called I want to say was rocket loan, but maybe that's not actually what it was. It was bought by, by PayPal, and last number of years. And basically what they did was they did not check credit, but they checked all kinds of publicly available information about an individual and created a scoring model based on based on that to figure out whether they are you know, how likely are they? How safe is this loan? And are there a is there any possibility of creating a higher, quote, high risk slash high ticket art are to fund? And be? Are there alternative funding mechanisms that do not require credit checks that could allow

Matthias Miller  17:25
for financing in this case, and I really think it goes down the field and ultimate financing. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  17:45
Think there are answers for sure. That will get us to where we need to be.

Speaker 3  17:55
Either there's ways where we can Well, for one, I mean the Cricut Valley is is willing to take on some of these if there's a huge downpayment up front which usually is the problem. Really the problem is there's not enough funds or credit is why they want to do rent to own is why that doesn't work so well usually.

Unknown Speaker  18:14
But I think there are some rental companies out there that have are are excited on to take on just have maybe a slightly more

Speaker 3  18:39
neat twist to our approach to contracts and maybe be gone. unique approaches or higher risks, or higher ticket items and the things that I want to explore maybe we can collaborate with several and have several portfolios to where we can, we can realize is utilized for certain situations or putting everybody in their sweet spot? I'm hoping to do

Matthias Miller  19:17
I do have a question. So say on a $23,000 Shed, what kind of downpayment does cricket Valley want? And what's the size of the monthly payment?

Speaker 2  19:31
I'll ask you can tell you this. Go ahead. No, I was just gonna say I know that the size of the monthly payment is around 1058. But as far as the down payment that's I know Michael, there's probably something Michael knows more than

Speaker 3  19:49
goes beyond 15 Key why they're wanting to do is take it on a case by case basis and look at it and make a decision if they they think They want to take it on one, based on what it is, where it's going, what the size is, and make the decision if they think it's within their best interest to take that on, or if they think it's a high risk, they want that to make that decision then based on that they want to ask for, like, have the flexibility to ask for whatever it may be to make them comfortable take that on. So they may be asking for $4,000 $1,000 6000 Keystone? Oh, well, we'll take this on. Because it's outside of our limits. If we have $6,000? Well, most times, they're going to ask for a huge amount down a big commitment so that if things go, sadly, they have plenty of cushion to go back and do retrievals and sell it at a lower cost and over themselves is what's typically going to happen. And it all comes down to what level of risk does a company want to take on and will want to take more risks than others.

Matthias Miller  21:17
So I don't know how workable they are to you, I think this probably ends up requiring an RTO company that A is risk tolerant and be is open to some creative ways of structuring things. But imagine if we could close this deal. And we say, Look, we can do this without credit checks. But here's what we're going to need, we're going to need four months of payments. So you're going to start payments, this is not going to extend the it's not going to extend your RTO contract. And I don't know if this is actually possible without the building without the customer actually having the RTO. So maybe this has to be outside of the RTO we're going to do you know, for monthly payments, and at the time that we get the payment number three, we're gonna go ahead and build the building. And as soon as we get payment number four, we're going to deliver it and you have two things as a result of that a I know it's only a few months, but you actually have proof that they pay. And this might not continue forever, but that's something and B you actually have $4,000 in your pocket that can be used to cover the downside

Speaker 1  22:34
that are non refundable. sighs Yep. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  22:43
It would be refundable or non refundable.

Matthias Miller  22:45
non refundable, just like RTO?

Speaker 3  22:50
How many people? So let's take this customer of yours, Marissa yesterday? Do you think this customer would go for that? Or is that going to make them uneasy? Like, oh, I'm not going to be given anybody any money before I see my shed? How can you promise me that you're not going to just take my money and run with it? How comfortable? Would they be with that?

Speaker 1  23:20
If they were walking onto a lot and shaking hands with someone, I think they would do that. If they're buying from someone online, I think their scammer and fraud alert signals are going to go up. Because they haven't, they don't really have much of a guarantee of me being on the phone not being a criminal and stealing your money and asking for something that they haven't seen. Whereas if they were to walk up and talk to Henry or ginger, you know, Kelvin, I think they would understand that because of the increased value that they're paying for it seen the shed, they know it's a real thing. They have someone to go back to directly in contact, you know, they just think it works, but not in the online scenario. That's an LAN, unfortunately.

Speaker 3  24:11
So with have a good collaboration that we could potentially say, hey, look, you have options, either do it here on the phone or run to the closest slot to do this transaction to set this up. We're religious, do your homework, you can go to this address or this address and do the paperwork there or you can do it on the phone. Either way, it's fine. There would have to be probably some way to build trust with them. But I do think that I mean to that point. That's what really all that go to companies looking for is of some assurance that there's going to be the contract at that point. I'm pretty sure they would be on board without a hitch s

Unknown Speaker  25:01
Yeah, I mean, I can

Unknown Speaker  25:02
you see that?

Speaker 1  25:05
Do you want me to chest that on John King today when I tried to get in touch with him yesterday in that call didn't we didn't connect verbally he, you know, it comes down to like what you're saying with bias if they if they can afford something monthly and they're willing to put that down in advance of the building coming for several months, it shows their like payment, reliability, which is good. And it gets them closer to their deposit number. And all their sacrifice is that they have to let go of money before they have a building on their land. And they have to wait longer for the building to come to them. Those are like the two pain points for the customer. Do you want me to? I mean, right now John King is not a sale. So I don't see any problem at least kind of guinea pigging this with him and asking those questions, and try to get some feedback.

Speaker 3  26:08
Back from the RTL company, seeing if they would be open to that. Okay, and maybe if they are open to that, and then we would have we could positively make a proposal to Don to see how open this is, he would be and if this could be an option for short term ones to get us moving on some higher ticket items. Right, as an option through this through this period. I think that's a great idea. Why don't I talk to Leanna that she's talking to the owners today about now. And she's going to come here shortly. So goodbye him and see if there's

Speaker 1  26:52
Yeah, that's a great idea. Matthias good thoughts? Really, I think we'll know with testing that in. If you get a green light to give it a go, Michael Toria, that might be a good conversation with your person too, because we know how resistant they're going to be to $23 $23,000 contract. So if we can set that set that up early, that'll be helpful. I have a logistics question on canceling a sale so that I can place a larger building order than replace it? Is that something that Nick would do? Or is that something we need to learn how to do in assist cancelling a sale? Rebuilding the sale for a different size building? Not sure what to do.

Matthias Miller  27:45
Something you guys want to learn to do? Or is it something you guys want to keep off your plate.

Speaker 1  27:51
Um, I would like to learn to do it, I think it will be more expedient that way. The only hesitation I have is if there is communication that happens on site in some manner, like build a records or things that have got printed off, you know, if it's, if I don't, I don't know what happens to those once they get injected as a sale. So I wouldn't want to miss something. And you know, a building, someone has a printout, but they're moving forward, but I cancelled it digitally. So that's the only concern I have in canceling it without like communication connecting dots.

Speaker 2  28:28
Are they immediately notified on the back end with things like that

Matthias Miller  28:37
makes me feel synonymous the builder process.

Speaker 3  28:41
You're talking about cancellations. When cancellations happen, they just literally drop out of the system, they drop off of the bill report everything it just drops off. So as long as it's not yet been built, it's all good. And everything sits there in the system. And the day before the building gets built, it gets a fresh copy gets pulled. So any updates that get done with the Genesis, get done in real time. And then we always pull a fresh copy. Now if it is in production, and then it does become a problem. We're too late. So just having if there is a cancellation, just literally sending me a little email, say hey, just double check if this is in production is the right thing to do confirming it's not been put in production. As long as it's not with a green light there. It's nothing other than just dropping it off and creating a new one. Okay. Of course there's our human wealth and then used to be rectified.

Speaker 1  29:51
Right? Yeah, this was a cash building. So okay, I'm gonna send that email to you now, Michael, just to get into good practice of doing that. Yeah. Okay. And then and then is something we can learn?

Matthias Miller  30:08
Yes, I would really like either nick or Dwayne to do a recorded training session and get that documented. And make sure that I don't know if Dwayne is the right guy for that. I don't know whether it's winter, winter, Nick for that. But I really would like to make sure that that that's something that we need to make sure it gets done. Right. For sure, for sure.

Speaker 1  30:32
Okay, I'll is I reached out to Nick, about canceling this building, you can just kind of flaunt it to him, but then follow up with a hey, we'd like to learn how to do this to kind of alleviate some of the load for you. You teach us? Or do you wonder?

Matthias Miller  30:52
Even even better? Here? Let me let me just

Matthias Miller  31:02
let me leave Twain. And just to make sure you use he's on the same page, you know, he's been pretty open open about these things.

Matthias Miller  31:13
But then they would actually be great if Nick could literally record the, the process of whatever he was doing to cancel it. And that can be the basis of your training. Okay, that makes sense.

Speaker 2  31:35
Hey, Michael, so I'm communicating with the guy with a $23,000 price point right now through text message. And he wants to stick with rent to own so he was like, even if I have to take stuff off the building. So what will be a safe wouldn't be 15,000, under 15,000, a safe price point to get them at? Or what around 16 or 17 still be doable? What do you think on that?

Speaker 3  32:04
To be safe, the 15 keys where we would need to be if it goes over 15k? And then we'll need to have conversations and see. Okay. And so, absolutely money if he's open to talk about buy options, etc. Try to negotiate on that price point to get it. You know, something that works in that budget level? Absolutely. I think it's a great option to navigate that.

Unknown Speaker  32:36
Yeah. Okay. Try to chop some stuff close.

Speaker 3  32:45
This is sort of not the best thing, right? We're trying to down sell them.

Unknown Speaker  32:52
I don't want to bring up the discount to get them lower.

Matthias Miller  32:58
A week, we can't sell your big building, but we can sell you too on separate contracts with the breezeway between or something like that

Unknown Speaker  33:05
side by side and cut the door.

Speaker 1  33:11
There aren't that frequent. I know Michael, you're searching for alternative methods. So far, I have only sold two buildings that this pertains to John King, which we've cancelled in earnest in Oliver Smith, who is a spring building and that we need to get a game plan together for this lady, because she's got $22,000 She signed off for maybe she's going to be a great house pilot Matthias for the getting her payments rolling now so that she's caught up by May. And they'll take it, they'll take the contract. And then Tory is this may be the second time you've run into this first or second.

Unknown Speaker  33:53
Or so I'm so sorry. I totally missed the beginning part.

Speaker 1  33:56
Oh, I was just curious if this is the first customer that you've run into the RTO limit with or more. Are there more?

Speaker 2  34:05
Um, this would be the first customer Yes, my first customer.

Matthias Miller  34:09
Okay. So that was

Speaker 2  34:13
right on a fish hole like 14,000. There were right there.

Speaker 1  34:22
So just just to put it in perspective, we're selling more buildings, either. Traditionally with cash this, this just seems to be coming to a point because we have a couple in the bucket right now. But over the past three months, this has only reflected in the four buildings of all that have been sold. So just for perspective, it does inhibit us but it's not every single call. And every single building it's not hurting excessively

Speaker 3  34:56
would align with what we see as the average dollar sale. It used to be 7500. But it has elevated some in the last year, but the average dollar sales still is going to fall somewhere, maybe just over 1010. Maybe we take all our sales and pull them together. So bearing that in mind, there probably is, if we take the whole pool, a small percentage that's going to exceed 15k. But it's still out there, I think is still for sure worth pursuing. For sure, for sure.

Speaker 1  35:34
Matthias will need to hear from you then on the cancellation, how Dwayne wants to approach that. Yeah. And then Michael, I sent you the contract number just to make sure. Nothing's in production. I

Speaker 3  35:47
get that. Okay, that's it coming through. The name on that is Is this the John King one you're talking about? It's a different one.

Speaker 1  35:53
This is different. This is Ben CES. He is He wants a larger building. So he wants to go up to a 14 by 32. And his current building that I sold him is a topic 24. So I'd like to cancel the 12 by 24. Order. rebuild it. Put a new order through for him.

Unknown Speaker  36:11
Yeah, sure. I'll check into that. And I'll respond. Okay, cool. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  36:23
Awesome, I guess mercy to your point. If you want to keep it moving. We can we can instantly have go ahead and cancel and we can also do the training later. That's not a problem either.

Speaker 1  36:32
Okay, sure. I'll wait to hear from Mike Glennon reached out to Nick to cancel it. Cool. stuff. All right. Awesome, you guys. Thanks for your time all together. Got all the information? Oh, my God. I'm gonna have to do this one more time, I'm going to send you an email off the height of the buildings at the ridge line. I feel like I've asked this question multiple times. And I haven't found where I recorded that information. There have a couple folks that have asked that question.

Speaker 3  37:14
Sure. Is it if depending on on which one it is, on the one hand, depending on which one it is a won't? Is it barn style or a frame?

Speaker 1  37:23
This one is a barn and the they want to know the exterior maximum height. And then they also there, I have been asked the question a couple times what is the interior maximum height for this one guy has a kayak if he wants to stand up his building. And then the other guy who had like a tractor with a big lift in the front and they're asking questions about how big is the site and how big is it on the inside?

Speaker 3  37:52
Sure, well, if you just send me an email on that specifically call out the width of the building to different 1012 or 14 wide and then which model and then a frame or barn style. Okay, got it. And then if it has overhangs it also makes a little difference.

Unknown Speaker  38:13
Okay, perfect. Well, the

Speaker 3  38:15
last one I just thought of is Paul Wall package obviously makes another difference. So there's a lot of variables there. But if we have all those, I can get you accurate numbers.

Speaker 1  38:27
Thank you and then I'll be trying to record those uniformly in a Wiki article so that Tori and I could then go back following that same method of type of building overhangs, you know, roofing design, and then we will have to ask if good deals, right. Perfect for everybody. Yeah, great. Thanks. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai