Unknown Speaker  01:51
Hey, there he is.

Speaker 1  01:52
Hey, long Time. No see.

Matthias Miller  02:01
Just heads up. I'm got two kids napping, so if one of them wakes up and I mean, they should stay sleeping for the next two hours, and you're gonna have to drop off in two hours, that puts us

Unknown Speaker  02:15
awesome,

Unknown Speaker  02:17
but we should be good.

Unknown Speaker  02:20
Well, amazing testimonial,

Unknown Speaker  02:24
sweet. I haven't watched it. Oh yeah,

Speaker 2  02:28
I You couldn't have asked for a better testimonial. Like it was, it was like six minutes and very hitting, just like his way of describing things, you know, calling you a very perceptive friend, like all, like,

Unknown Speaker  02:48
just couldn't, I don't,

Unknown Speaker  02:49
I don't think it could have Been better. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:55
that's freaking awesome. Um, good. Good.

Speaker 2  03:03
And I would say he kept, he did great at presenting himself as a memo skeptic, yep. And then so he he just he knew how to set the set right. And you'll, you'll have to listen to, I know, and I know you will listen to it. Well,

Speaker 1  03:32
that's awesome, man. I mean knowing him, he, he put effort into it.

Unknown Speaker  03:37
Oh, totally, yeah.

Matthias Miller  03:41
Very, very different mark, you know, Mark Jeffrey is, like, hopping on and, like, riffing, yeah, off the top of his head, and Brian carefully articulating and formulating, yeah,

Speaker 2  03:58
um, yeah, and, he's someone who's good at positioning things and so, yeah, you got the, you got the DSP guy to talk about your USP.

Matthias Miller  04:14
So awesome. I love the I mean, it makes it all the better. How much of a skeptic he is of this stuff. Yeah, then it's great that he brought it in

Speaker 2  04:23
and he, like you said, Mark Jeffrey, the contrast Brian will almost have, he'll, he'll be a better connect with the more rational minded lieutenants, right? The Okay, well, we got, we gotta produce results. We gotta, you know, we,

Matthias Miller  04:50
yeah, yes, yes, I had a sorry, this, this. Heart's back. So I was, we were part. Of the Mennonite denomination church for about 12 or 13 years. The original pastor was very logical, very rational, very even keel, and we looked at the world very differently. So you can imagine, one of the best compliments I ever got was, I don't think he meant it as a compliment. I took it as one. He's like the problem with you is that you're so likable and your arguments make so much sense, like

Unknown Speaker  05:42
he's was he competing? Was he

Matthias Miller  05:46
Yeah? So anyway, I mean, no. I mean, I think there was a bit of both respect and frustration, perhaps because, you know, as a, as a, as a leader, how do you, how do you combat that? That's really frustrating if you're trying to train to control the outcome of the ship. I guess I don't know. So anyway, fun times, fun times. I um, this is also just, this is, I'm throwing this out because it's top of mind. It's not the time to do anything with but my mom, my my mom's 80 years old, um, she came out, she and my sister came out to visit for the weekend, and my mom and I got to talk. And my mom's probably shared more than she ever has about about, you know, things about family dynamics and situation around me growing up, and those types of things my dad, my grandpa, on my dad's side was abusive in pretty much every category, psychologically, emotionally, sexually, spiritually, like every category,

Speaker 2  07:17
Was he and was he a professing believer? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  07:23
yep.

Matthias Miller  07:26
And now, looking back and like you know, a lot of my it early on in my upbringing, I thought that that Megan, Megan talks about the most powerful forces are the ones you can't see and you often don't see the forces shifting it early on, I would have thought it was my religious background and upbringing, but hearing these and hearing how much my grandpa affected my dad's reputation or influenced my dad's reputation unfairly. The more I'm realizing that one of the really strongly shaping themes, both in his you know, kind of my history and past, but also it's been a theme with

Speaker 3  08:18
former bosses, whether it's been church or whether it's been other bosses, has been, has been those I

Matthias Miller  08:27
wouldn't say I've had personal income as a kid. I didn't realize how absolutely twisted my grandpa was, and I, personally, I don't feel like, if you know my the situations I've been in, I haven't personally come up against the same level, perhaps, of that, but it is very interesting to look back and see that as a theme, and see the ripple effect that it's had or first of all, of me through my family, and then also looking at the thing within my own life of how it's not insignificant, amount of my journey has been breaking through from out of unhealthy environments, breaking out of unhealthy environments. So I don't know why I say that, just probably because it's top of mind for me right now. It's probably wrong for it somewhere. But

Speaker 2  09:28
why? Yeah, you talk about disentangling, right? Where people are stuck? Yeah, I think, I think this is actually now I see not just like a fun, a fun prop, but like, you're, you carry a sword, right, and you're, you know, you sever, you sever. This, this, this twist. His relationship, you know, with with with the past, with authority, with right,

Unknown Speaker  10:07
unhealthy people, healthy

Speaker 2  10:09
people. And you can, you can do that with and, and you were, you were kind of doing that with Brian, too. He talked about, it wasn't it? Wasn't, it wasn't as it wasn't as explicit about what his frustrations. But I think, yeah, you can bring that story into into whatever person's life you're helping with

Unknown Speaker  10:39
well. And

Matthias Miller  10:41
so this weekend, Friday, no Saturday. Saturday was would have been my sister's birthday. She passed a little over a year ago from cancer. I was involved with her, so I did my first Colby consulting with her, and I was involved with her when she left the nonprofit that she had been part of for years. And she, she always commented to me, and then years later, not years later, a little while later, after my church situation, I wrote, wrote out a 12 page document. You know, basically, I gotta get facts in front of me to sort the story, yeah, um, externalize it in some way, make sure I'm not going crazy. Um, which, which I then shared with my with my spiritual director, but she commented to me that she wondered at the time when I was walking her through this exit from the nonprofit world into where was next, how it was that she felt like I so intricately understood her experience, not knowing the details of what I had walked through. And there is a lot you're probably, it's probably, it's so true, like there's a lot of this, the emotional entanglement that I'm very deeply familiar with and and have locked out of myself in the, you know, every like, there's just so many layers of that that's really, it's really interesting. And side note, she went from that into sales, and I did a little bit of consulting with her on the Colby index and also at a new time management offer that she paid, paid me for, um, her co workers thought it was crazy that that she would pay her own brother for consulting. And she was just like, well, of course I would, I wouldn't. We can just walk out of my brother's house with furniture like, that's nice. It was a 60 minute call. 35 minutes in, she's like, I got my answer, and we found, like, I think it was, it was at least 12 hours a week where she was covering other people's butts. She's like, I'm not going to do it. I'm going to like, I am here to sell. And if the if, if the systems behind me are so broken that if they break, that's not my problem, and that was the shift that took her from her first year goal was was a million, and she'd been getting tantalizingly close to two. And that little tweak was the thing that she needed to go over the top and

Speaker 2  13:40
way more valuable to the to the company than her, you know,

Matthias Miller  13:47
well, and yes, she would have been exceptional at I mean, she was, well, I say exceptional she was No, I mean, she could pinpoint the problem. If they would have only listened and gotten somebody in who knew what they were doing to fix it. They could go save the company a lot of but yes, and that ended up, she got commissions.

Unknown Speaker  14:10
I mean, she was off work for,

Matthias Miller  14:14
I think, eight or nine months, and the commissions she got paid commission upon delivery, they were so backed up that she got commissions up until her passing, so that that shift paid for a lot of her living expenses during that time. Anyway, it's just kind of this interesting story. Now, looking back how

Speaker 2  14:33
well, that's another area where you're cutting an enmeshed and enmeshment, right? That's

Unknown Speaker  14:41
like, yes,

Speaker 2  14:42
biology term, but in this case, it's, it's a enmeshment. Could be, you know, your your family system, but maybe it's your your work system too, right?

Unknown Speaker  14:59
Well. Wow.

Unknown Speaker  15:03
So one go ahead.

Speaker 2  15:04
Part of we talked about people leaving work, finding new work, right? Part of the story there is being free from the type of enmeshment they were in, right, where they couldn't focus on their unique abilities.

Matthias Miller  15:25
It's it's not just about finding the new job. It's about finding the new job without the enmeshment

Speaker 2  15:33
this. This feels like a very focused lane. I Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:46
So here's the here's the question I had.

Matthias Miller  15:51
Is there a one to two page offer doc? I know maybe I'm too short term focused, but is there a one to two page offer doc that we could put together, that I could shoot out to, that I could tee up, say, Hey, I'm basically a Hey Fred. I'm putting something together and, and it's been, I, you know, I don't know what it's like. Been mind blowing for the people, whatever. I don't know what to say it, how to say it, and then, and and I'm, I'm looking to, you know, I don't know what if I, if I send over some info on it, would, you, would you mind seeing even things, people who are like, who, who are people that you know, that like might benefit from this kind of a thing? And then a one to two page Google Doc, offer doc that we can send it over, like the manifesto, like, imagine if the manifesto is like the belief system in the structure, and then the enter the sanctuary, even even in the in that document, that could actually be a link into the offer doc, to the sanctuary.

Speaker 2  17:12
I guess I'm not clear on an offer doc. When you say an offer doc, the offer is enter the sanctuary, right? Yes, yes. And the doc is two pages of

Matthias Miller  17:30
whatever it needs to be. But a

Speaker 2  17:34
Why can't you just send them to the website offer page

Matthias Miller  17:39
is that all they need is that tight enough, comprehensive enough, nice.

Unknown Speaker  17:45
I mean,

Unknown Speaker  17:48
it's pretty it's

Unknown Speaker  17:49
pretty well developed.

Unknown Speaker  17:53
Let's go coaching.

Matthias Miller  18:01
Okay, but, like, I mean, it says, If you do, if you mean, the coaching page, yeah.

Speaker 2  18:20
Like the whole the manifesto connects to this. It's like the end of the manifestos enter the sanctuary.

Matthias Miller  18:32
Okay, let's do this. I want to I want to share some things and see I

Unknown Speaker  18:43
see what you think i

Unknown Speaker  19:15
Hey,

Matthias Miller  19:18
by the way, my Friend, I have a friend of mine, friend cousin, who does marketing, and he put together a the 10 Commandments of internet advertising, and I suggested that he turn these into slate coasters and deliver one, have one, deliver one a month or actually, or even better, send them to the client as soon as they pass the test for that commandment. Like, anyway, this is just random, like, Thou shalt not sell crappy stuff. Yeah, Thou shalt not confuse thy customer. Thou should not be sleazy or manipulative. Thou shalt not some traffic to a lousy website. Thou shalt not feel fail to collect Google reviews. Thou shalt know thy customer lifetime value and invest accordingly. Thou shalt test multiple ad platforms. Thou shalt not test an ad platform for less than two months. Thou shalt feed the algorithm with conversion data. Thou shalt cultivate a long term perspective and like, that's right anyway, imagine getting a little slate coaster with a one of the commandments.

Speaker 3  20:29
Okay, so Stephen King, I

Unknown Speaker  20:50
uh. Chester, Chrisman, okay, so let's go over.

Matthias Miller  20:59
Sorry, I'm I'm a little adds. Okay, so, so, so, here's so, well, actually, there's a reason for this. Some of the feedback.

Speaker 3  21:13
Oh, hang on. My audio wants to die. I see, let

Unknown Speaker  21:30
me move this over.

Matthias Miller  21:33
So Jonathan Wilson, just some folks who are willing to share feedback. Media, media buyer, slash marker, long time plan a period member, I don't know if you know him. October marketing, off the cuff in was that it's a lot to read most of things, the table of contents outlined on the sidebar. Also, city might not be the ideal audience. Wondered about maybe leading with a short, two or three page version that offers them to read more in depth. Craig loved the rural Kansas and marriage anecdotes, some of the specific business experiences change your ad include a little bit more concrete images. Example, in the last part might be cool to elaborate a bit more on the sanctuary experience make you a little bit more concrete and clear is what it is. Is an experience? It cons experience, a concept, and what is it going to be like to do slash habit? Stephen King, not necessarily ideal client, sent me a lengthy kind of personal audio message about how much it resonated and how he loved the self disclosure and a little bit of his own journey. So I don't really know that there's much to include there. I think he was, he was surprised for me to talk about competition, and he would never have guessed the internal I guess, in his words, to paraphrase his words, you present yourself well and so, oh,

Unknown Speaker  23:03
you've evolved,

Unknown Speaker  23:06
has it? You've healed.

Matthias Miller  23:07
Well, fair enough. But I think even even even for a long time, I've been very proactive about how I present myself, good or bad. Chester crescent and commented. He said, There must be another meaning to 100th, because that means 50% in my mind. And he's true, 100 proof is 50% but beyond about 120 proof, you're looking to dilute it so you don't give yourself alcohol poisoning. So I

Unknown Speaker  23:41
don't know what he's saying.

Matthias Miller  23:47
To 200 100 proof is 50% alcohol volume, whatever it is. ACB,

Unknown Speaker  23:59
sorry. I I

Unknown Speaker  24:05
don't know what it actually stands for.

Matthias Miller  24:17
Oh, I think there's a different ABB, alcohol. By volume or ethanol by volume. So 100 proof means half of it is alcohol. 200 proof means it's 100% alcohol. But you don't drink 200 proof alcohol. You put it into stuff and you dilute it again. Well, here's what doesn't here's

Speaker 2  24:47
a way of thinking about it. Is it's a blend of this, like the Spirit and you.

Speaker 2  25:01
Uh, it's a union with the truth, like you and the truth,

Unknown Speaker  25:07
that's really interesting.

Speaker 2  25:08
So I don't, I mean, I'm fine with this comment. That's fine.

Matthias Miller  25:16
I don't, I don't know that I've got, I don't know that we need to do anything.

Speaker 2  25:18
Yeah, you don't need to do anything. But it's good. It's good. It's good feedback. If you ever, if you ever want to respond to someone, like if some, if someone ever brings that up in a chat, it just gives you an opportunity to respond. I

Speaker 2  25:59
Well, the Spirit is like Holy Spirit maybe,

Matthias Miller  26:05
yeah, Chester would get it. I don't know if I want to draw this in

Speaker 2  26:10
the document. I'll just say that, yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:14
I get where you're going. Tutor. Proof needs to be diluted, again, to consume,

Unknown Speaker  26:24
which is what I went with,

Speaker 2  26:31
without poisoning, yeah, 200 proof is alcohol poisoning, which is why I went with 100 proof. I

Unknown Speaker  26:53
Yeah, reply, yeah, boom,

Unknown Speaker  26:58
I think I think that's fair enough. Yeah. Okay, it's an engineer's response. Okay, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  27:06
Okay,

Matthias Miller  27:09
this is probably the thing that jumps out at me the most.

Unknown Speaker  27:20
Right,

Speaker 2  27:22
I can speak to that. Wait. How do I get just your screen? Oh, there we go. Okay, so did you have a chance to look at the third way man manifesto?

Matthias Miller  27:39
I briefly looked at it? Yes. Okay,

Speaker 2  27:42
so remember I talked about the win without pitching manifesto.

Unknown Speaker  27:49
Sorry, the one without the

Speaker 2  27:51
win without pitching manifesto, it was, it was a sales book you could get on. Oh, okay, yeah. Okay, so I don't, I don't, I don't know if you've looked at like, what other manifestos are. So originally it was the thought was manifesto, this is your personal philosophy, right? Right now it's personal philosophy inside of your personal story?

Unknown Speaker  28:21
Yes,

Speaker 2  28:22
this is some I know we're like, we've done the work, some hard feedback. I don't believe this quite qualifies as a manifesto. I would might call it your your story to becoming 100 proof. Okay, and so here's let me, let me share my screen, just for you to see, well, of the 10 Commandments that would be a manifesto. Do you see how? How? Yes, I do. And that's what the person who said, Hey, I think the latter half could have something more specific, like, that's kind of that. That's kind of so. So I think last thing I'll say, um, no, I don't think anyone would nitpick with you if you said manifesto, right? But as far as between you and me, the shape of a manifesto is a little more direct, right? So, like the 10 commands, so

Speaker 1  29:35
and more belief driven, and more we we we creedle,

Speaker 2  29:42
so I think this is what we have, is like, Awesome story. Maybe framing as a story is helpful for people who are go into it so they know what they're into, right and then. But here's, here's what. I just find this really powerful.

Unknown Speaker  30:04
And he's, he's a copyright, okay, yep, he worked with agora, and then he did his own thing.

Speaker 2  30:15
We proclaim, right? We reject, reject the new six. Okay, yep. We're free men, trivial. We're essential creators. Yep, okay, it's power. It's powerful. They're they're powerful grounding statements, right? So, join the revolution, right? Or enter the sanctuary. Yeah,

Speaker 2  30:51
it's this, and I like, it's another call to arms. It's like, if you just a one, one sheet of of beliefs. You identify with the beliefs, even if you haven't entered it, but you want it, you know, sign the confession of faith

Speaker 1  31:16
Exactly, exactly. Okay,

Speaker 2  31:19
so, so I don't, I don't know if there's a, there isn't quite a confession of faith in the manifesto yours, but I think it's, I know this might feel like a step back, but I think it's a little more, a little more integrated. If it's a, you know, my 100 proof story, becoming one, becoming a 100 proof man, you know

Matthias Miller  31:53
is there? Is there a way that this can be a, I don't know what is the right term like, Can this be my Bao of tale? Is there a way to frame it that it's like, you know?

Speaker 2  32:11
I mean, like picking up the sword, you know,

Matthias Miller  32:18
that you know the legend of my 100 proof, I don't know what or like, I don't know, no, I mean, I don't disagree with you. I think fundamentally, it's we titled it manifesto. We thought that's what we were writing. And, I mean, isn't this the birthing process?

Speaker 2  32:37
I think you can just say, I think it's sufficient to say my 100 proof story, undiluted connection and courage,

Unknown Speaker  32:50
I'm happy with that

Speaker 2  32:56
this work has changed my life, and Today can like so this is what I was, this is what I put my personal journey. See, I think this is important for people to be like upfront. Know that it's, it's your art, Yep, yeah. And if you want to do something else, it can be something else, but right the outside, the outside offer the outside. Teaser needs to match the content. What's

Unknown Speaker  33:28
inside? No, I agree. I like it this.

Speaker 2  33:31
This manifesto shares my story of battles, wounds and victories on the path to becoming 100 proof. It's a cause for all who refuse to settle for anything less than the 100 proof you so. And I think, I think maybe framing it in terms of, like, this is a you haven't necessarily arrived at 100 proof, right, right? I like the third way man is like, hey, becoming becoming, yet never arrived, unfulfilled, yet unneeding All of us with one voice We're in. We're in process. Join the process to becoming 100 proof,

Unknown Speaker  34:16
right? Um,

Speaker 2  34:23
I and in some sense, that's what I think a good tribe is, is you need a leader, but like, the tribe is pointing to something bigger than the leader, correct? I

Matthias Miller  34:37
mean, the leader is more like, see the cursing the ground and dies grounded, yeah, so that the tribe can have its full identity, but the tribe has the crazy identity. But

Speaker 2  34:51
yeah, to me, this is like, Hey, this is a quick thing. This is this is an easy this is what I made for the i. The PDF version. So if you want, you could just, it's a it's a convert. Hit page. Oh, I need to say manifesto. Get the I did that not work. Okay? I But I think this works really nicely, and you could send it as a link, or you could even my story right here.

Matthias Miller  35:37
Yep, I think my story up top would really grab people's.

Speaker 2  35:42
It's way better than an about, about,

Unknown Speaker  35:45
oh yeah,

Speaker 2  35:48
so I can, I guess. Sorry, yeah. How's this sitting with you?

Matthias Miller  36:02
I agree. Okay, no, it's not. It's not hard feedback, it's just, it's reality. I don't my heart is not broken over I think here's how I think God works. I once had this explanation with somebody, and it made so much sense to them. I think God is the ultimate translator, and he's in the best possible way, non manipulative. Hangs carrots in front of us to chase. And so if he says, If I hear that, let's go back to this. We hear we need a manifesto, and then we go build the thing. That's what our on our heart. Maybe the thing of you need to build a manifesto. I mean, maybe it's still true, but maybe that was the best language that we had. And if we had tried to write a story, it wouldn't have had the necessary structure, like I'm okay with that manifested. It wouldn't have manifested. And I think there's a lot of with with God, where it's like, I will get you the closest possible term that's in your vocabulary for what it is that you need to do, and then I'm going to lead you step by step to where you need to be. And I think the creative process as much like that. So, so

Unknown Speaker  37:22
here's, here's a moment of that, let's see.

Speaker 2  37:33
So I had, like, a couple extra lines, and I was making, I think I had for King, oh, I need to say community, okay, I had for King. King for for Christ, country and something else. And the band, you know, the band is like, for king and country, Okay, shoot, I need it. I need to change that anyways. But I was at, I was at for Christ, literally, I was thinking of the thing of to avoid, and I put it, put it down. But yeah, I was, I was, I was visiting on my college they used to be my college freshman friends that were younger, like one of them, I had taught Sunday school for four years and And anyways, now they're juniors. So I went. I went and spent the full day with them and other other people in their dorm, like, the only alum there, and and we're just, we're just chat, chatting, and I open it up, I'm like, Hey, can I get your guys feedback on, like, our like, slogan, motto, and it's like, I didn't, I didn't know How to get it to the end point, right, but I, I had, I had, I had the big uncarved stone, and it's like, Hey, here's anyways they I really, I really Believe, even when there's gaps in communication, the spirit, like you said, is the translator, and he's like, and it's almost like every person, because every person has their internal structure. So, but truth is, is like, is like, hold. So how can all these individual life experiences with belief structures, like, how can they come together? Like, the Spirit can do that work?

Speaker 2  39:59
All right, so. So just to confirm, can I throw this up?

Unknown Speaker  40:07
Yes, my interview story, yes,

Unknown Speaker  40:11
that honestly, that's that that's good.

Unknown Speaker  40:15
It is good. And

Speaker 2  40:20
it goes with the sword. It goes with your life. And okay, and then, are you good with

Unknown Speaker  40:30
this? Okay, so the one

Matthias Miller  40:33
here, let me, let me share this,

Matthias Miller  40:40
this manifesto. What's the word?

Unknown Speaker  40:44
My story, my 100 proof story,

Matthias Miller  40:51
my 100 proof story,

Matthias Miller  41:01
shares the battles wounds Victor wounds and victories in the path becoming The

Unknown Speaker  41:11
Oh, well, this is what I had. Well, I

Speaker 2  41:29
on the no on the path to becoming 100 proof

Unknown Speaker  41:34
becoming

Speaker 2  41:38
there. It's a call to arms for all those who refuse to settle for anything less than the 100 proof. You, yeah, wheat, I like it. Okay, I do need a couple something below these two. So I'll just post 100 review.

Unknown Speaker  42:05
Um,

Matthias Miller  42:12
so the LinkedIn would be

Unknown Speaker  42:17
to me, that's three pillars, right? The three,

Speaker 3  42:21
the three elements, sure the work is,

Unknown Speaker  42:36
which are so collaborative. I'm going to

Unknown Speaker  42:46
post that.

Unknown Speaker  42:48
Well, okay, it would be courage, connection and clarity,

Unknown Speaker  42:54
right? 100 proof you.

Unknown Speaker  42:58
I put clarity, no, it's both

Matthias Miller  42:59
encourage, right? Or it would be your real self, union with the truth and collaborative strategy.

Speaker 2  43:19
Maybe the work, the work or the sanctuary.

Matthias Miller  43:25
Sanctuary, I like, I like being able to use the term the sanctuary where the

Speaker 2  43:28
work is Entering the sanctuary.

Unknown Speaker  43:35
Yes, I

Unknown Speaker  43:52
um, here, let's do

Unknown Speaker  44:02
you document to Me page,

Unknown Speaker  44:18
so I'm here. Pull that, Doc, I'm

Unknown Speaker  44:52
well, let me just copy them. What's on my

Unknown Speaker  44:57
Oh, you've got some that's. It. That's what I have for,

Unknown Speaker  45:03
right? It's no longer manifested.

Unknown Speaker  45:04
This is what I have on the on the ConvertKit page. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  45:11
Oh, this story is my story. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  45:14
yeah, this is my

Unknown Speaker  45:22
proof. It's a call to arms for,

Unknown Speaker  45:28
okay, great. I

Speaker 2  45:38
mean, it's almost like you are, you're the one. You're like, you're working on you.

Matthias Miller  45:53
Let me go back into the LinkedIn messaging, because I feel like I

Speaker 2  46:03
you know what you might have, you might have a line on this, the This the story where you say, hey, like or yourself a glass or, like, I don't know what it is, or a cup of coffee, or whatever, whatever it is you drink. Like, it's like, Hey, this is my story. Like, pull up a chair, have a drink. Maybe overthinking this,

Matthias Miller  46:42
under the 100 proof you or just somewhere else in the landing page. Oh

Speaker 2  46:46
no, I was thinking in the 100 proof you document.

Unknown Speaker  46:52
We could. We could.

Speaker 2  46:56
This is my brain is like burning up. I think I'm not thinking fast. Okay.

Matthias Miller  47:06
I mean, honestly, the hell is me, the man you could have been. This is a really great underproof You, or even just this,

Unknown Speaker  47:20
well, I already have that

Speaker 1  47:21
on the on the main page, I know, but we'd have to, so we'd have to,

Unknown Speaker  47:33
Here's okay. So I

Unknown Speaker  47:48
here's The

Matthias Miller  48:21
It was great. Yesterday, our pastor preached through March Mark 16, stopped at Verse eight, which is the only you know, where the original the earliest manuscripts that was talking about the gospel. And he's like, yes. And the most common picture of our relationship with Christ through the gospel is union. Like

Speaker 2  48:46
I've heard that word, by the way, that word so Chris Mitchell, he was my, my mentor in college, and he was the beloved grandfather figure of the program, like he was he, he ran the Wade Center, which has, like the largest archive of Lewis and Chesterton and Tolkien and anyways, really cool guy. He calls himself a hobbit of a man, very humble, um, he, he would always talk about Genesis, and the single word he said was defining was Echad, which is coming together. It's like, right? Like he's, like, that's the story of Scripture. It's, that

Unknown Speaker  49:47
was good.

Speaker 2  49:49
I'm sure, I'm sure it has, like, a better meaning than what I said. I said, I said, coming together. But it's, it's, it's union, basically. Union.

Matthias Miller  50:02
So you went to, I'm sure you said this. You went to Wheaton. Then this is a Wheaton Viola,

Speaker 2  50:07
Biola. He the Wade center is out in the wheaton area. And he got it okay when he left the Wade center, he became a professor at Biola.

Matthias Miller  50:23
I have a brother in law and sister in law who, I think was Biola,

Unknown Speaker  50:32
anyway, who attended there, after, after, anyway, whatever

Speaker 2  50:41
the events, the events for the key fellowship, the next two events are at Biola, interesting.

Unknown Speaker  51:00
I interesting anyway,

Matthias Miller  51:14
I'm sure you guys would have some kind of,

Unknown Speaker  51:18
like pads, crossing type of something somewhere.

Speaker 2  51:28
Oh, and I like this. My story actually fits really well with the ending, which is, enter the sanctuary. And I want to hear your story. It actually fits way better, because the manifest is a little more preachy, right? Yeah. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  52:00
okay, so,

Matthias Miller  52:09
I mean, I know this is just ripping stuff off, But is there something like this? I

Unknown Speaker  52:23
that will be

Speaker 3  52:44
was this? Should this be courage to encourage for it gives courage for your biggest obstacle.

Speaker 2  52:57
Courage, courage for this question with your authentic set and encourage for your biggest obstacle, yeah, yeah, um,

Speaker 2  53:14
and you had that phrasing, uh, clarity for your biggest I would say for your biggest question, connection with yeah 30, or you could say connection for your authentic self, no, with your authentic self, connection with, I

Unknown Speaker  53:31
think it's with Yeah, Great. And then the I

Unknown Speaker  54:05
I don't know,

Unknown Speaker  54:14
underproof you.

Unknown Speaker  54:15
Boom. It's live

Speaker 3  54:19
just like this. I appears when you

Speaker 2  54:37
live in union with the truth. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  54:48
should these be capitalized by, I mean, like all caps, good. I.

Unknown Speaker  55:04
I got it. Meet you.

Unknown Speaker  55:08
My keyboards faster than your keyboard.

Unknown Speaker  55:12
That's right, it is true,

Unknown Speaker  55:18
mine's less stress than yours. It Yeah, shut up is your real embrace ship? Maybe

Matthias Miller  55:35
I feel like real self is the thing that is going to capture People. Yes, yeah, right, I

Unknown Speaker  55:49
think something like that. I

Matthias Miller  56:04
All right? And I also put in Wistia embeddings for the the two forms of testimonials. So that's under the

Unknown Speaker  56:14
links page.

Speaker 2  56:22
I'm sorry, I'm not. Where do I find that?

Matthias Miller  56:27
Under go into the insert HTML snippets on the menu,

Unknown Speaker  56:34
yeah, oh, I See. I See. Gotcha. I

Unknown Speaker  58:41
All Right,

Unknown Speaker  58:44
so coming back,

Matthias Miller  58:47
sales guy, not marketer. Here.

Unknown Speaker  59:04
You would you

Matthias Miller  59:20
uh, why don't I just send people straight to the homepage from what? Okay if I'm sending a text message. Say, Hey, Fred, um, doing something new? Oh, totally. And then, and then also just tell them happy to answer any questions or let me know what would be helpful to clarify. And I think it's, it's, do you know any business leaders who would benefit from is that what it is like? I mean, who? Well. So who is my ICP? Sorry,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:04
was ICP

Matthias Miller  1:00:06
ideal client profile, or what is my CP ideal client profile?

Speaker 2  1:00:10
Well, it just, it just depends if you want to do, if you want personal outreach, or if you want, like to me, the ideal thing is, if you partner and you say, hey, let's one is if you had a couple members from their their community that went through this and gave you testimonials, and then you share the testimonials, and you say,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:45
Would you be interested in having a talking about how we could do this for your members?

Matthias Miller  1:00:56
Okay, so I've got a question. Yeah. I mean, I'm gonna have to make the numbers work somehow. And I don't really like you working for free or almost free. So there's a few ways to do this. One is just embrace the fact that this thing's gotta runway. But rather than trying to hustle to like, just go get funding for three to six months and use as little as necessary. But don't freak out if you're going to need that and go for the long play. I

Speaker 2  1:01:35
a partnership is always a long play. So you like you do? Yeah, to me, you need you need consulting,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:47
cash.

Speaker 2  1:01:51
You need to cover your bases outside of 100 proof. I mean, I mean, I was just talking to my pastor about he was a head veterinarian at the safari park I told you about, right? Yeah, he couldn't just go directly into becoming a pastor because of the funds, right? So he played around and tried different businesses that failed, or at least they didn't create the additional profits to support him and so, but he finally found one, which was running a restaurant, and the restaurant displaced. His displaced. The was was better than being the vet, head vet, because he wasn't trading personal time, right? And then from the profits of the basically, he tried to find a line of work that would free up his personal time,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:14
yep, and

Speaker 2  1:03:15
met the basis of his his personal finances. And then everything extra was given to pastoring, which was like a startup, and typically took a lot of time, right? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:03:49
it. My big challenge is the energy drain

Unknown Speaker  1:04:00
between

Matthias Miller  1:04:04
what I'm currently, you know, the current consulting gigs that I have available

Unknown Speaker  1:04:09
in this i

Unknown Speaker  1:04:23
i mean,

Speaker 2  1:04:35
well, okay, if you, If you stripped everything down to your consulting time, how many hours would that take up? It's

Matthias Miller  1:04:48
anywhere from 20 to 30 a week currently,

Speaker 2  1:04:56
and that would cover how much of your finances, like six. See everything, yeah, okay.

Speaker 2  1:05:10
Well, to me, to me, that's great. I mean, then you could just, you could just run this on LinkedIn. I like Do, do, do the clarity shot right or, or pick one community that you just want to do a long term play. But I don't, I don't see a, I don't see a fast path to cash that's sustainable, like there's lots of one off things until, until you get locked into some Community Partnership. And even that, I don't think is a big cash thing. It's, it's more of like a reputation play that you can take elsewhere.

Speaker 2  1:06:20
But, but maybe, maybe it would free up 50% you do 50% consulting, and then 50% this, right, this thing, right, like, I think, I think you're always going to have a back consulting in your at some level until, until you have. But like, what will end up happening? Here's, here's what ends up happening is, like, the 100 proof you people might bring you work, right, right? Like you maybe that's that could become great, right? Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:07:02
think my biggest frustration currently with my consulting clients is that is some lack of alignment, and also the fact that a lot of these I don't really fully own the client relationship.

Speaker 3  1:07:22
I You don't

Unknown Speaker  1:07:28
wholly own the client relationship.

Matthias Miller  1:07:30
Yeah, with some of these software projects, I've got my brother and a colleague involved in the client relationship, so

Speaker 3  1:07:39
it's always a little bit of a of a dance.

Speaker 2  1:07:44
I wonder, can you, can you just provide high level strategy for them? Like, is there, is there a role where, like, hey, I'll take, I'll take just 20% of the cut, if it means I provide direction and strategy or so that you're not troubleshooting the little parts,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:14
but then I need to hang on. We'll

Unknown Speaker  1:08:19
be right back. Maybe sure I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:08:21
gonna get Some Water then.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai