Speaker 1  00:00
It's recorded on my computer. And Ellis had sent some stuff

Speaker 1  00:25
you have and you have your 4k screen. I do. All right, let me

Unknown Speaker  00:34
save a bunch of stuff I've got.

Unknown Speaker  00:40
She get the place where I have some sanity.

Unknown Speaker  00:47
All right, Tim, you can you hear us?

Unknown Speaker  00:51
Yes. Yep. Cool. Awesome.

Speaker 1  00:54
All right. So here is some scout style guides. I'm not sure how familiar you are with this from investor tools.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
And here was

Unknown Speaker  01:10
a boy, I had a document

Unknown Speaker  01:16
with my some thoughts of things I wanted to cover.

Unknown Speaker  01:27
And I had it my other event that I

Unknown Speaker  01:34
yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  01:37
So I mostly wanted to get a get the backstory is Tim is working on the new Weaver land project. Uh huh. and wanting to get your feedback on some style guides. I think this one here is primarily just on the multi column. Write stuff and I couldn't find anything beyond that, like checkboxes and all that stuff.

Speaker 2  02:06
Right? I would personally not go with the multi column. Unless there's a lot of information, people are looking at a screen all day long. Because it takes more to understand it, then a simple top down. So if you've got a ton of information and people and you want to save scrolling, it's good. That otherwise, you're probably better off just doing some straight top down to make it really easy to understand.

Speaker 1  02:32
I mean, it really is the trade off between scrolling and I mean, yes. and ease of access.

Speaker 2  02:38
Yeah, yeah, it's a trade off between learnability and in some cases, usability. Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:45
I think that's actually a fair distinction, because, well, yeah. Okay. We actually get a good bit of client requests for using more of the screen. Okay. Sure.

Speaker 2  02:58
Sure. And maybe you'll want to do that for the coming screens. But let's say there's a configuration screen or something like that, where they're in there twice a year, then you're probably better off not, I think, but it's Yes. It's really ultimately what the clients want and what they find intuitive.

Unknown Speaker  03:15
Yep. Certainly,

Speaker 2  03:17
the normal recommendations for web forms is to do it top down, I believe, single column. Most I think, with the labels above the fields, that's the fastest read readability. But there's, you know, there's also different because people filling out the first time they see it, they never fill it out again, right.

Speaker 1  03:39
Make sense? And here, we don't really have the ability to put the labels above despite very lengthy conversations about

Unknown Speaker  03:48
it would be a good idea till after I think. Yeah.

Speaker 1  03:55
Okay, so detail screens, any feedback, as far as tiling sectioning anything like that, that you've got.

Speaker 2  04:03
Um, the main thing, like, it's really is all about the user, and what the user understands. And if you really want to go like the extra mile, you would watch a user use it the first time, um, to make sure they know how it works. I would recommend for your projects that you normally put a header at the top and not rely on the application title, because I don't think people see that almost ever. So I think you should always have some kind of header, even if it's bigger taxed at the top. Um,

Unknown Speaker  04:39
I'm trying to think if there's much.

Speaker 1  04:41
I mean, I think with this as well, it's under understanding the the offline workflow and order order of input and how they conceptually think of it. Those are Right,

Speaker 2  04:58
right. Yeah, absolutely. And, yeah, and if you can just like you want to do, it's, as you're listening to the client is here, what they're telling you understand the business ideas, and even the vocabulary they're using, um, and then use those in the labels, because that will just make this just makes less friction. And it's a simple thing. Like, if they do they use the word personnel or employee, if you know, and sometimes you want to create modules that you can reuse, and that's fine. Um, so there, you might do it differently. But generally, you just want to, you know, use their language so that it fits, and it's just less friction every single time they use it. Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  06:04
With that two

Speaker 1  06:07
style guides for checkboxes, I mean, these are always it's, it's checkbox, always to the left.

Unknown Speaker  06:17
What about Yeah, casing.

Speaker 2  06:20
Okay, so headers, um, like that were in the, in the mock up that I see on your screen is this two column format for the header, this title case, everything else? Okay, that should be total case, generally. And then the column headings within the spreadsheet should also be titled case, everything else should be sentence case where only the first letter is capitalized. And nobody is going to complain, or most people are not going to complain. If it's not that way. You'll have mean, me thing is you're consistent. There are certain people who will notice if if you have something that's two pixels off for you consistent and a great them. You know, that's like one out of 10 people. So you just, it's great, get everything perfect, so that the one of 10 people don't say, ah, they miss the lineup pixel. Um, most people won't come. You know, most people don't notice, I think or Yeah, most people don't miss too much. consistently, some people do. But still, it's just good to get it right. For everybody sake. Um, and then yeah. And then the other thing was add to the checkboxes is that checkboxes do not have question marks. Almost nothing should have a question like Nautilus is complete sentence. It's a common, common oversight.

Unknown Speaker  07:38
Now, as far as what about verbs, or,

Unknown Speaker  07:43
or wording of checkboxes?

Speaker 2  07:47
Um, it's just I don't think it matters whether it's a verb or not. I mean, you, I think, no, it doesn't, it just matters that the user understands it.

Unknown Speaker  08:02
So

Speaker 1  08:07
yeah, capitalization is definitely conversation we need to have because I'm pretty sure we're not consistent.

Speaker 2  08:12
Right. Yeah. If you can at least be consistent was in one screen. That's good. Right. Yeah. Because it's an across the board is good. Yeah.

Speaker 1  08:25
And then lists, anything special with like, drop lists? I mean, those the drop list options would be lists case again. same sentence case.

Speaker 2  08:36
Yeah. Well, um, yeah, I think normally droplets would be best be sentence case. And then on the on the list, name, the field names, you want to have the field name, be singular, and the list name be plural. So for example, if you have a field called, if you have a state field, that should be state or employee state, and then you have the state's list. So if you and if you're consistent about making the listings, plural, that will just make everything a lot more understandable. And that's not about the interface as much as the code.

Unknown Speaker  09:10
Yeah. Now as far as sentence case,

Speaker 1  09:14
I mean, and then you would just use standard proper, proper noun naming for sentences.

Unknown Speaker  09:21
Yeah, yeah. So, uh, huh.

Speaker 1  09:26
Would you ever throw in exceptions? Like some kind of jargon that they use that?

Unknown Speaker  09:33
Well, sure. Um,

Speaker 2  09:37
yeah, well, I mean, yeah, I mean, maybe could, let's say you're building an, let's say, you're building an app for a construction company. Um, and I'm trying to think this through, okay, so you build up your construction company, and they use the term buyer all the time and they always capitalize it, you might decide to for themselves. Also, I don't know that you have to, I think, like, I tend to get away from capitalizing anything and let's as a person's name or company name, um, or it's complex in the dictionary, just because there's a lot of ambiguity. Um, when you start doing that, and then people start questioning, like, what buyers use, you know, let's say in their legal documents, buyers capitalize you. So you might say, Well, I'm gonna capitalize buyer here. But then they said, Well, if you're capitalizing buyer when you capitalize house because I thought you're looking title case, right? So I think it just introduces a candidatures apparently consistencies. If you do that. I prefer just saying sentence case everything. When in doubt, Miguel, you know, make a word lower case. I'm just so it looks more consistent. And it's not like the meaning suffers from that. Right.

Speaker 1  10:53
I feel like, I feel like we have a very strong bent towards capitalizing list items. You mean, the first letter or the kind of word? Yeah, the second word?

Speaker 2  11:05
Um, yeah, probably. I think that's a tradition from the 80s or 90s. But if I'm, if I'm wrong, you know, I'm happy to be wrong, you know.

Speaker 1  11:18
So, um, some of this is based off of some Mike Microsoft style guidelines, right? Um, some of it is,

Speaker 2  11:25
uh huh. Yeah. And yeah. And, you know, and things are changing as the years go on. Um, yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  11:39
All right. So But

Speaker 2  11:44
yeah, I I find a lot more natural. If at least the first item in the list. I'm the first. The first letter Nellis it's kind of nice, it seems to me.

Speaker 1  11:54
The challenge then is if you're showing the list, list item in a different context, you may want to say it is a record type. Uh huh. And you're showing it in the section heading. Oh, sure. And you want to make the case ID there?

Speaker 2  12:08
Yeah, yeah. And there, you just keep it simple, you know, just did the balance. You don't want to have to less than two capitalizations. Normally. You just pick something that works reasonably well. In all scenarios. I yeah, it's not worth putting any extra effort into having to capitalizations for one.

Speaker 1  12:28
Yeah. All right. So then for our G's, I mean, there's some some fairly common style guidelines. So primary row identifier, first, name, date, etc. Right.

Unknown Speaker  12:45
There are some other other things like,

Speaker 1  12:49
memos. Maybe have preview of memo, beside memo button. Are there other types of style guidelines for argies that you can think of?

Speaker 2  13:03
Okay, so I think you will need to decide what you want to do for buttons for inserting deleting rows. And then you want to always be consistent on every single screen. So maybe you want the plus or minus maybe you see, add and remove is better. I think people tend to use shorter now than they did 10 years ago. So it'd be a lot more likely to see a plus or minus than it would have been 10 years ago. But just be consistent. You know, you're consistent. They may have to learn once and then they're good.

Speaker 1  13:39
I think the I think for screen real estate, there's a there's a strong bias in that posting versus using buttons, then what do you do you know, this question, what do you do for move up and move down? Right, right. I'm carrot and V.

Speaker 2  13:56
Well, and if you need to that could be addressed recoding to because they're Unicode characters that support that very well. I mean, that are up and down arrows. That would be pretty intuitive. And so it just be a matter of, I'm pretty good.

Unknown Speaker  14:09
Like having an auto label.

Speaker 2  14:11
Yeah, yeah. If it's blank, if you ever move up or down this blank, maybe it would just be a nice arrow.

Unknown Speaker  14:23
One of the unexpected benefits of this

Speaker 1  14:27
let's see could do a Unicode character with coding

Unknown Speaker  14:41
is there's a lot of

Speaker 1  14:46
there's a lot of discussion that needs to happen over there's some discussion at least that needs to happen on the posting front about what we actually want to standardize on. Right. Buttons would be buttons are also sentence case. Title case,

Speaker 2  15:02
that's up to you. Windows has always titled case. browser applications often make it a B sentence case. So it's totally up to you. You just pick what you like best and go with it.

Speaker 1  15:22
That's interesting. I'm trying to think of there's a good example here.

Speaker 2  15:29
Why the zero and button zeros is uppercase? I'm kidding, of course. No, I, let's see. Like, here, look at this menu. See, Jason a menu is all sentence cases like, so they diverge from from Microsoft, which I think is a lot of ways nicer.

Unknown Speaker  15:49
Um, but here is an example.

Speaker 2  15:52
Yeah, yeah. So I'm gonna, well, it doesn't matter as much as you're consistent. If but if you're building applications from scratch, I think you should consider make it sentence case.

Unknown Speaker  16:07
When, especially if we're, if we're building web apps.

Unknown Speaker  16:12
Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 2  16:15
But on the menus, I would make that title. Okay. So because the maintenance menu you'll be reusing unless you want to change everything. But I think I'm thinking you use a standard maintenance menu, which is title case. So I would just make a new style case. And we can, by the way, we can do some coding as appropriate for this. There's a there's a couple of settings, you can like editor where I'm already validating the case, because people are making mistakes all the time in the case. So I just added a warning on for certain settings, so that if you change it, and that's not the case, that's standard, it

Speaker 1  16:57
asked me if you did it, right. So we can make we can have we can enforce those style guidelines for external projects.

Speaker 2  17:04
Yeah, or Yeah, or like say menus, maybe that should just be for everybody. Just so that everybody gets this, right, because they're so fascinating how our brains processing differently and some people notice things that other people don't. Yep, um, so so some people just don't notice. capitalization and and consistencies. I noticed that almost every time. And of course, they said other things other people notice. I don't.

Unknown Speaker  17:32
Yeah, well, getting getting.

Speaker 1  17:35
I mean, it's one thing to get to enforce title case on investor tools, menus. It's another thing to make the switch to sentence goes on. Don't use that. Yeah. Kill I'm not ready to.

Speaker 2  17:47
No, no, I yeah. I don't think it'd be worth the effort. Yeah, there'd be too much disagreement about it. And I, I would think it'd be hard to make it happen. I would just yeah, it'd be me. I would just add title case validation on it. Call it good enough.

Unknown Speaker  18:03
Okay, um,

Unknown Speaker  18:06
um,

Speaker 1  18:10
let's see memos. Anything special memos? I mean, the labels usually on top. Yeah, with this section?

Unknown Speaker  18:21
Or the section heading?

Unknown Speaker  18:23
Go ahead and take? No, I don't think so. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  18:28
Rip away. Okay. I do have one comment as a general usability, and I think you know, this, but you don't want any controls to white. And it has to do with the human eye. So if you're, I don't know, I don't remember what the optimal width is. But let's say you have, okay, let's join a patch to pop open word. And you just because it's a great illustration there and then encrypt blank document. And then can you I don't know if you just insert some tax or pay some tax or write two lines, something like that.

Unknown Speaker  19:04
Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, let

Unknown Speaker  19:06
me get it.

Speaker 2  19:07
Yeah, copy the paragraph. There you go. Okay, cool. Perfect. So here, they, they have a little bit of extra line spacings, like 1.2 or something. And it's because even though this isn't that wide, it's only like, you know, it's like six inches wide. And their usability test, they found that it's easier to read. Why because when you get to the end of the line, your eye has to go back to the start of the line and find the next line. And usually most people do a little bit of scan up and down till they find it. It's also conscious. And they found that by increasing the spacing that they were at was the spacing plus the font. I believe they improved the readability like this, like the ability of people to comprehend a Word document by about 15%. So people could read about 50% faster. Okay, so I'm just using this as an example that you have to find the Next line. Um, when you get to end of the line on, the wider your text is, the harder that is to do. So, um, yeah. So you don't want some you really don't want a memo super wide. Occasionally people ask for it. It's not a good idea. You don't want it to go to the full screen, for example. But this really only applies to memos. I mean, the other controls, I mean, it has multi line, then you want to think about the width. Yeah, so memos would be only thing where you want to make sure, not too wide.

Speaker 1  20:38
And then, but then I guess another thought that I did have is that if you have, if you have three controls in a row, then like, let's say your first name, middle name, last name, you may target something like 80 to 90, or somewhere from 70 to 90% of the maximum width for each of those to accommodate common use cases without right extraordinary amount of whitespace. Or no, Uh huh.

Unknown Speaker  21:00
Okay, you mean space for the label itself?

Unknown Speaker  21:03
The extra controls?

Speaker 1  21:06
I'm sure if they're somewhat connected, like, like, on on first, first, middle last name. If you have a super white first name, and then a super wide last name, to the right of that you kind of run into, I mean, it's a different user used to?

Speaker 2  21:27
Yeah, um, yeah, so the message or style guide says you should, all controls should be the same wet, if you're there stacked, um, I used to make controls the size to communicate the content. I personally still like that. So if I make a zip code, I like having it just wide enough for five numbers. Um, but it's that's subjective, I think. I mean, there's aesthetic aspect, where it can look nicer if it's if all controls are system width. And I don't say I have a problem with that. Um, so I, but that's Yeah, I just don't know if it matters too much. Um, it's, you know, and I don't know that I'm right, by the way on that, like, you could check a couple apps that are popular, see how they do it? Um,

Speaker 1  22:19
I really think it depends a lot on I mean, there's so much variance in this, if you're doing a search, then they're just gonna do that. Because you don't want to have that disruption of, you know, different sizes going down to the survey. Right.

Unknown Speaker  22:35
Yeah, definitely.

Speaker 2  22:38
Yeah. Yeah. And that, yeah. And there is room for, you know, there's room for personal expression, essentially, like a project like, you know, a smaller project like this, where it doesn't matter nearly as much what you do, as it does, you know, if you're doing something for a million users,

Unknown Speaker  22:58
yeah. True.

Speaker 1  23:02
Alright, so then ask prompts anything special that you would add about as prompts like, you would also use?

Unknown Speaker  23:08
labels?

Speaker 2  23:09
Yeah, I would, I would try to make it sentence case, it just looks more modern. Okay. And I love the automatic layout on that you can do what you want. Sometimes it's not the right thing. But I love the automatic layout, because I believe that puts a label on top of the control, which is super, super easy to understand. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  23:43
And it's also fasting, you know?

Unknown Speaker  23:45
Yeah, it is filled out.

Unknown Speaker  23:49
Reports.

Speaker 1  23:53
I mean, report title should be, should be entitled case. How do you feel about about indicating some level of the Ask prompts in the title?

Speaker 2  24:06
Um, I think it's a good thing to do. Um, I mean, it's, again, as part of scope on right. So I would, you know, I think it like, always in software development, you want to prioritize what the client wants, right? So it'd be a bummer if you'd spend an extra 10 minutes on, you know, a certain report making the title just perfect when they actually would rather have you take 10 minutes to make another report be perfect, right. Um, so, yeah, I mean, it's, it can help, um, to do it. Um, you just have to define the sight scope, and if it's worth the effort, I think often it does help a

Unknown Speaker  24:44
little bit.

Unknown Speaker  24:46
Yeah, I think it does. Um, yeah. I'm guessing

Speaker 1  24:49
basically where we'll land is, is where I mean.

Unknown Speaker  24:55
Sometimes we use as prompts to differentiate

Unknown Speaker  24:58
using as prompts to differentiate

Speaker 1  25:02
to access the same report through different menu options.

Speaker 2  25:07
Yeah, yeah. And if you do that as it is helpful, um, possibly date ranges. Right, right. Yeah. And if they print, if there's a report they print off, then you probably do want to make go the extra mile and make sure it's, it has that level of information. Unless, of course, it's information. Well, no, I think you always do. Yeah, if it's been tough. The other suggestion, I haven't report titles is to connect the report title to the menu item. So just try using similar words there, because that helps the flow. Like there's suppose like, it's as simple as a simple thing. suppose somebody, like, suppose one, one user, has the app open, and it shows someone else a report? And they say, Oh, that's awful. I didn't know that report existed, that person will want to go back to his desk and open the same report. And if the title matches the item name sound much easier. Yep.

Speaker 1  26:05
Makes sense. And it's simple example, this Tim would be in the weaver land. I mean, we're doing this with the contacts. And having if you click View All clients, then it shows all clients in the title, etc.

Unknown Speaker  26:17
And I think that should be again, we can do it fairly.

Unknown Speaker  26:22
We could also have have a

Speaker 1  26:25
so I have a catch all titles such as contact and search, or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  26:35
Many pages, we're using title case.

Unknown Speaker  26:39
I mean, report groupings.

Speaker 1  26:44
Using using standard formatting, slash spacing.

Speaker 2  26:49
Yeah. Is this a standard clewd underlines or not? I don't remember now. You disabled the underlines?

Unknown Speaker  26:57
I don't remember.

Speaker 2  26:59
I probably the, um, so. Yeah. So then.

Unknown Speaker  27:06
Sure.

Speaker 2  27:07
So and so like investors pools is still using it underlying a lot of reports, I think. But it's just not a good idea. Because underlying means something different now. Okay, so Oh, perfect. You don't? There's no underlining on active. Excellent. I think it's off by default, which is such a good idea. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  27:38
Report buttons?

Unknown Speaker  27:40
Also,

Unknown Speaker  27:44
probably up to

Unknown Speaker  27:46
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  27:48
Whether it's traditional versus modern?

Speaker 2  27:53
Sure. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm trying to remember, can you control which of them I'm promoting and return the row context menus always want to speak in control? Okay. So you might ensure you could consider just trying to always put all options in one place? That's my main suggestion. I mean, so for example, if you don't put one row sensitive option under a button on the top, and nothing, I wrote context menu. I mean, yeah, if you just do it, like give tread to make it always consistent, that helps. Um, but I would I would expect into training for most users to tell them how to use the menus and the buttons. I've seen people struggle with that a fair bet.

Unknown Speaker  28:38
You people. Yeah. Which is so odd that

Unknown Speaker  28:41
they did. We might not have a choice, though. Because

Speaker 1  28:46
the standard, the app standard is title case.

Unknown Speaker  28:51
For for bow to

Speaker 1  28:53
bar, high preview, save as run record. Oh, okay.

Speaker 2  28:57
You meant for those that text? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I don't know that. That matters too much. As I think as long as you're consistent with with what you do, that's not a big deal. I don't think there's many menu options that show up are many buttons, the shipping standard reports they're saving. Sometimes, I guess there's a report. you contact me? Yeah, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  29:26
That what Maybe, maybe not.

Speaker 2  29:31
I don't I don't know. I don't have enough. You know, I don't have to tell you. I just think I personally think as long as you're consistent with what you do for the buttons. I think it's fine. I mean, I don't have an opinion on that. But you may have an opinion. More than that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  29:49
Let's see.

Speaker 1  29:51
One or two sometimes about multiple links and rows, which I know this is all like supposed to be for the good but I still find it really confusing.

Speaker 2  30:00
Yeah, I have never used the column three or four here. And I understand that it can be useful. But I mean theory, depending how you want to use the report, but I don't know that I every user multiple links, I mean, yeah, me if I see an email address, of course I know what to do. But

Speaker 1  30:21
there's a brief at least for me, there's that brief hesitation of like, three links. But where do I right? Yeah, worst of it? Are we have a subscript? Yeah, that can open the organization, which is just more confusing than what it's worth.

Speaker 2  30:34
Yeah, you're probably right. You're probably right. I'm especially because often the columns picked arbitrarily you can change it, but it's a bit arbitrary. Um, okay, so then Oh,

Unknown Speaker  30:43
good.

Speaker 2  30:45
Yeah. And I do also have to wonder if for the phone, you'd be better off having a call button. I don't know. I don't know that you'll be doing that.

Speaker 1  30:53
Yeah. But most times, like, why would you not just, I honestly find it easier to click into it, than I have it here. And like, I'm on the wrong row. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm on the client as well.

Speaker 2  31:06
Yeah, totally. And why? And you believe like, it's Yeah, I think you're right. I think it is more intuitive to do that. Um, yeah, yeah. But I was just thinking here is probably like here, you might actually want to call button if you wanted to make it clickable. You might want to have a call button here. Instead of clicking on a phone number. I

Unknown Speaker  31:26
just have a cold call.

Speaker 2  31:28
Yeah. Yeah. Or button. Yeah. But I don't think most people will be asking me to connect integration.

Speaker 1  31:35
So then as far as alignment, typically, some examples would be left of some level of indent on labels. So labels should all have a standardized.

Unknown Speaker  31:48
And yeah, let the wind

Speaker 2  31:49
Yeah, yeah. So Riley made an excellent case that that helps on readability. So this is I think this is good. Like, because you can see contact name, display name, first name is all that is all lined up. And so when you're looking for a specific item, you can very quickly scan top down.

Speaker 1  32:08
Yeah. And then you would do a embedded argies. left aligned with label, um, wrote an email.

Speaker 2  32:19
Yeah, I would just do whatever Riley did on fornecer tools. Um, you Yeah. Which you could you could pick up the go back to the style guide, if you want. She has more of an eye than I do. Okay. So that's what she did. So

Unknown Speaker  32:34
she Yeah, okay.

Speaker 2  32:36
She's a bit of an artist. So I would just go with her.

Unknown Speaker  32:48
I think there's some subtleties here that

Speaker 1  32:55
I mean, there's things like RRG alignment, checkbox alignment,

Unknown Speaker  33:02
ellipses, alignment,

Unknown Speaker  33:09
alignment,

Unknown Speaker  33:14
ignore plus, minus

Unknown Speaker  33:27
link

Unknown Speaker  33:34
report links, you would also do sense case.

Unknown Speaker  33:39
Was that too much? menu? Or we could decide I'm sure, but

Unknown Speaker  33:42
ah, I don't know. Um,

Speaker 2  33:50
let me hear I'm gonna run downstairs grab my phone. I'm gonna see what Apple does to work similar their apps there's a similar thing because people used to make these look like those physical buttons that you push in real life where they you know, is the son cannot and now there are people using different visual cues for elements that perform actions. And so I'm trying I'm okay, mislead my son. Good thing. Have a watch to help me find my phone. I'm an Apple Watch. So that's what Apple watches are for. They have to help you find your phone you mislaid.

Unknown Speaker  34:29
Okay, just

Speaker 1  34:48
I'm going to duck out. Yeah, duck out from that way you go. Okay. Stir, shake.

Unknown Speaker  36:57
All right, would you fuck?

Speaker 2  36:58
Okay, so I didn't find what Apple did I did, because I'm trying to be quite sure where to look, they use a lot of icons. So okay did but I did look at the Bank of America, which is a very well designed great app. And they tend to use title case for links, they sometimes actually use small uppercase, so make it uppercase, and then make it smaller for something that is touchable to differentiate it. But there's other cases where they put words that are perform actions or take you somewhere else and title case. Um, so I and that's just to communicate a little bit more what's clickable? I know, do you have the underlining here as well? I think it'd be me. I think I would make the links. tight. Okay, case. The buttons, I don't mean buttons, you can't you quit, but I don't think you need to because they've got a color. Well, and I know these colors too, but this is not as distinct. So I personally would make clinks Powell case just to emphasize this. That is different. It's a different kind of element.

Unknown Speaker  38:06
Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  38:10
Jim, do you have any questions that come to mind?

Unknown Speaker  38:18
Not necessarily.

Unknown Speaker  38:21
I mean, this is a lot of helpful stuff.

Unknown Speaker  38:28
That I have any specific questions on?

Unknown Speaker  38:31
style here? Okay.

Unknown Speaker  38:42
Yeah, I don't think so. Oh, I guess one question would be maybe

Speaker 1  38:49
we have a standard for when to use buttons and when to use links.

Speaker 2  38:53
That I like Joshua's recommendation personally, he says if, if you can use a link because it opens another screen and using a link. I'm late. So because if it's a child screen, like, let's say just more details about the current record than you would want to use it by some geek, that's all you can use. But if it's a report, you should probably use the link. It's because the link communicates it's taking somewhere else. The link lets you control click on share and then this user yell know how to do that.

Speaker 1  39:24
Yeah, so use link for navigation is my recommendation. Okay, but then something's like an X 30. Like if there's a demo trying to think of a good example, there times.

Unknown Speaker  39:39
I don't know.

Speaker 2  39:40
Yeah, well, yeah. Well, right. I mean, yeah, there's times you might not want to because it's so connected. Or you might be conceptually connected. And just always exceptions, right. So

Unknown Speaker  39:53
I love a Paul Daniels I forget his choice of words, but

Unknown Speaker  39:58
he

Speaker 2  40:01
He put Daniel's advocated for consistency. But then I forget the exact thing, he had this thing you'd repeat where he says that consistency is for weak minds, or something like that. It was not out to the words, but even though he loved consistency. So there, there are always exceptions, if you follow the rules all the time, you have had to sign, but you want to follow them most of the time. And if you want I mean, if you're, you know, if you if you like, show this off to clans, and you know, or even take notes during the training of what they find confusing, you'll learn so much. Or if you'll spend an hour sometimes watching people use it and stuff. You'll learn crazy much stuff. And sometimes you'll really streamline things I remember helping my sister Linda, she was doing inventory. And, um, I just I've noticed how, um, you know how long it was taking her to, to do it. And also notice how long was take her to input prices. So I built her new find feature that will automatically and instantly filter down. And I I don't know for sure, I'm guessing I cut down the amount of time by 30%. It's simple observation, standing there watching her what she's doing and come up with ideas. Yeah, so. And if you even if you just do that once or twice, for one of your first clients, you'll learn so much that you'll then be able to take with you even it's just an hour.

Speaker 1  41:26
Yeah, it wouldn't even one of the huge things that we're doing is doing the full mock up before we actually start the build.

Unknown Speaker  41:33
Oh, sure. Uh huh.

Speaker 1  41:35
So there's a lot of stuff that is that is surfaced as part of that. But I agree. Like, I think it could even be a standard part of the of the deployment process where right. You know, ideally, you probably probably wait a few weeks until they've gotten gotten over that initial discomfort with using the system.

Speaker 1  42:04
To never actually be something that would be I don't know if we can do that with any agenda, people, but that would be

Unknown Speaker  42:10
that could be weird. Mm hmm.

Unknown Speaker  42:13
Fascinating.

Speaker 1  42:16
install some kind of hot jar or something where we can watch what the real time how they use?

Unknown Speaker  42:22
Well, yeah.

Speaker 2  42:24
Yeah, yeah. Someday that could even be built into the web server. I think. I think there's been talk that privacy is a concern. So I'm sure but I think it should be fine for administrators. I mean, I sure think so. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  42:40
That's another level of auditing. Okay.

Speaker 1  42:42
Good. Um, did you miss I missed whether you noted that on the comment on the links versus buttons, that was really helpful for me to hear, like armor for navigation buttons. buttons for action, I guess. Yeah. That's a very, that's a great summary. Yeah. Oh, here's a good example. I think the Create order or create invoice Oh, yeah, maybe? Gentlemen, we have. So we what we one of the things we we run into sometimes is you have an order record that then pushes out to an invoice and they're two separate things. So the order has, as you know, is tied into the workflow, an invoice into the actual billing, right? In that case, I think the Create invoice actually makes sense. Because it is an action you're not looking to navigate. You're just looking to execute an action. Yeah. And you can do it.

Unknown Speaker  43:41
Yeah, definitely. I think that's, I think that's good.

Unknown Speaker  43:46
And that's what I was trying to get after with the XRP. Example.

Unknown Speaker  43:49
Okay,

Speaker 1  43:50
cool. Um, Tim, anything more from you, or general, anything you should cover? One thing I was just looking at here in the mock up some doing on the topic of checkboxes, for the context type, where we were talking about doing single name versus first middle last, using a textbox for that. So what I had was single name, not first, last, and then the checkbox on the right. So if we always put checkboxes on, like, on the left, what about when we have a longer title? More than just an active? Yes, no type of thing.

Speaker 2  44:36
Okay. So I'm not I think I'm missing that. I think I missed the part about checkboxes. And the last,

Speaker 1  44:43
um, well, I think, first of all, Tim, the checkbox should always always has to be on the left side of the label. Okay, for usability. No, but let me let me pull up the detail screen here.

Speaker 2  44:54
Okay. So okay, you're just, you're talking about the location of the square in relation to the label right there. Okay, okay, not a two column layout. Okay.

Speaker 1  45:03
I think we do go to a contact. Sure. Contact type. Yeah, I would flip it to say,

Unknown Speaker  45:13
Well, I'm not sure.

Unknown Speaker  45:16
Maybe this should be a nameless box with two options.

Unknown Speaker  45:20
Or

Speaker 2  45:26
what? Okay, what's that option for? Okay, it's a there's a name at the top is that full name?

Speaker 1  45:34
Okay, so in a contact record, we're planning to merge organizations and contacts into a single record. org. Okay. only have I mean, Bank of America doesn't really have a first name.

Speaker 2  45:45
Okay. Okay. My suggestion. My suggestion, then on that is having first name last name and company is that or, and then you don't have to fill in first or last name what you think.

Unknown Speaker  46:03
And then the,

Speaker 2  46:04
unless you have a type that you want to put in, but if you just do first name, last name, company, it's that's pretty obvious. If the company names there's a business. If it's not, there's not where you sit. It's not.

Speaker 1  46:15
But then we also want to wait associated content was it was an existing company, so

Speaker 2  46:20
Okay, sure. What if you make the company a drop list?

Speaker 1  46:30
I think we do. There are other places that we do that. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  46:35
Like, our incidents?

Speaker 2  46:38
I'm not being original. Sure. I'm not being original here. Yeah. That's how they context that works on iPhone. I love that. The

Unknown Speaker  46:50
Yeah. And then.

Speaker 1  46:52
So then, in the company, you could only select contacts that don't have a first middle last name.

Unknown Speaker  46:58
Or would you say

Unknown Speaker  47:00
a company that? Oh, wait, wait, okay.

Speaker 2  47:03
Oh, wait. Maybe I'm confusing. Couple things. So wait, you want to you want to cut the contact record?

Unknown Speaker  47:11
Oh,

Unknown Speaker  47:12
we want to wait. Yeah, not?

Speaker 1  47:14
who works at investor tools? Mm hmm. And so there needs to be an investor tools record that says oh, there I sure better tools has an address. They have a phone number, but then.

Unknown Speaker  47:26
Yeah, okay.

Unknown Speaker  47:31
Sure. Um,

Speaker 1  47:34
but then this goes even beyond that to looking at the contact types. Right? Yeah. Because we're even within the individual. So as a person who has first middle last name, is this for this system? is this? Are they an agent? Are they an individual? Are they?

Unknown Speaker  47:58
Yeah, so we're trying to keep Are they the minister? Are they?

Speaker 2  48:01
Sure? Okay, so, okay, well, the, here's the fundamental arm rule of all database design, I learned this from Steve Pence, it was so appreciative that some simple but profound, you want your data structures to model how the business thinks of it? Um, so the real question is in them to a business is, you know, is a, as a person, the same as the company? So they may say, Yes, they're both clients. Okay. And so if so, you would create one screen, but then you say, No, we, we have the, and they say, there's one that we have person, and they work for a company, but we think of them separately, then you would want to record types.

Speaker 1  48:51
I mean, it's, it gets pretty nuanced. So he says, right, our system, you have a body shop? Well, you want to call the body shop? Or do you want to call a guy that you always talk to the body shop? Right,

Unknown Speaker  49:03
right?

Speaker 1  49:04
Is the name a, a contact name of the company? Right? That's not always the name of the person you talk to, but the companies the company, or is the name the person and having to work at a company? And it's very, right. Different ways of thinking about it.

Unknown Speaker  49:23
Mm hmm.

Speaker 1  49:26
But we could have a way. I mean, we could infer it theoretically. Although, although i think i think like if you save a contact without a first middle last name, you require an organization name. And then by virtue of that it is an organization and then selected for other people, but then it gets confusing if you want to switch it away from that. And you've got a link to it.

Unknown Speaker  49:56
Right.

Speaker 2  49:58
Okay, so well And sometimes you might get it wrong. Some me call up and say, Hello, I'm Joe Smith, I have a question, could you do a bid for me? And then you just type in Joe Smith and you think you asked me about his personal car, and you will learn later, he's got his own business, and you're now you want to put in business. So I think you want the freedom to switch it out later. Okay, so, okay, well, you can do what you want. I was just wondering if you thought about creating a, like a, like a client or contact record, or, um, and then have a separate list that's not without a record attached to it, it's just be a list of company name.

Speaker 1  50:39
Um, because then you could do name and company name, you know, company name, you can put, you know, the first and last name if you have it for primary contact? I didn't know I don't know if that's the main difference ready to get through here. The main difference between our current data model is that instead of a an organization record, you would just have a record list list of organizations. Mm hmm. Okay, right. And to migrate, we would create new contact records, where the organization is we create one contact record per organization. I mean, we just convert them from organization records into contact records and select the organization for that.

Unknown Speaker  51:18
Right. Is that? I think so.

Unknown Speaker  51:27
Maybe

Speaker 2  51:35
what I love about the three fields, first name, last name, and organization or business, is that if I see it, I immediately know what it is.

Unknown Speaker  51:46
Yeah.

Speaker 1  51:53
I think we're somewhere I don't remember where it was for some somewhere, we actually add support for multiple organizations. Because you may refer to the same person in multiple contexts. Okay, example. I mean, imagine for you that we have, you know, an apples in that zone. And then if it's their way and an investor tools, Oh, right, as options. Sorry. But I think it still goes back to this doesn't really matter. If you have I mean, you can't have multiple if if you don't have a first name.

Speaker 2  52:28
Right. And sometimes, like I don't know how this is used, sometimes you would actually just say create two contact records. I know you have two records one person but is simpler think providing the ability to link one person to multiple organizations. Right.

Unknown Speaker  52:44
Well, I mean, we could

Speaker 1  52:48
this gets pretty tricky, but if the if the contact name is already used, we could be duplicate you know, add jenelle and Miller open perenne. Investor tools close friend. He in the stored contact name.

Unknown Speaker  53:04
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  53:07
A little tricky because in the original one doesn't get updated.

Speaker 1  53:12
Okay, well, we'll we'll talk about Okay, sounds good. This has been screamingly helpful. I appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  53:21
You're welcome.

Speaker 2  53:23
I want you to be here to help me with networking on that I can figure it out. But you could show me how to put on a network cable or end on a cable anyway. I think

Unknown Speaker  53:32
YouTube is

Unknown Speaker  53:33
good.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai