Matthias Miller  02:57
Hello, hey, Austin, how are you Good? How about yourself doing? Well,

Speaker 1  03:05
sorry about that. I was trying to sort out my camera situation here, but it doesn't look like it's gonna work. So today, that works. Yeah. So essentially, what's happening is we're trying to clean up method. We're trying to clean up idea room, and one of the issues that we've been having kind of has to deal with all these emails that we get with those errors that come through and such. Not everything is connected, one to one, from idea room into method, and we're actually making quite a few changes. So it just seems like it's continuing to get worse as we go, because we adjust something here, change wording there, something breaks here, we update something method, and it kind of just keeps going downhill. What we what the sales reps are doing at this point, is basically just deleting all the items out of the estimate that's coming in and just basically starting from scratch to enter everything in. So kind of what I would like to do is just revisit this and see if we can just remove all of the Hey, look at this pull this. And hey, look at this pull this. And all we really need is that summary that happens in the notes, the internal notes, and then everything else, and like the link to the idea room submission, but then everything else we can pull out, and hopefully that'll get rid of this email issue that's coming through and simplify their life a little bit more. It's not like we won't revisit this. I think I talking to my contact at method. We kind of have an ongoing contract with someone directly at method now to do our customization work. And so they said they can actually help us with the API down the road and connecting that directly to idea room. But that's, I think, right now, what we kind of want to do is go back to square one, and then kind of start over. All right, so let me

Matthias Miller  05:09
go through think I think would be most useful here is to make sure that,

Speaker 1  05:20
I guess an important detail here is that, for some reason, since Friday last week, those these, yes, estimates, haven't been coming through. So

Matthias Miller  05:30
impact accidentally deleted the server that was doing the web hook they I got an email back saying, Oh, it's all good, and I was buried. And so I the responsibility for yourself. Matthias answer is, like, trust but verify. And so I just noticed, I just sent an email to Eric saying, hey, look like you actually can't, like, there's nothing there. Like it's servers up, but you can't access it. So I will. I'll chase that today and see we can get that going up. The downside is it means that unless we get idea, idea room to rerun the web hooks for the last week, it means that we lose those. We lose those because that's that is the well,

Speaker 1  06:16
we have been getting the email versions of them. So we have been putting them, we have been sending estimates and putting them through. It does make it more time consuming for the sales reps, considering they have to, like, enter all of the information in, but it does, obviously still work, so it's not a huge loss, but yeah, getting this fixed kind of moving forward here is going to be a big deal. So absolutely,

Matthias Miller  06:40
well, I anyway, sales people don't. I don't blame. Some sales people don't particularly like having their workflow disruptive. Alright, so let me just go through here so we're still going to link it to the right customer and pull in customer email, customer email, right, right. Set up an opportunity with the amount we are setting,

Matthias Miller  07:16
setting the close date based on the close date days on the opportunity. Is that

Speaker 1  07:26
right? I'm not sure what you were referencing on that specifically, but yeah, I mean, the opportunity is coming through. We still want to have, and the estimate being created, we still want to have.

Matthias Miller  07:36
Okay, so it's only the line items that you want to correct X. Okay. So idea room line. So here are the line items, all right. So let me go down. Let me just, I just want to make sure I've covered what I need to on the Call here. So we have the estimate I'm

Matthias Miller  08:07
line and

Matthias Miller  08:23
I use estimate line. Okay, so that's fundamentally it right here. Okay.

Matthias Miller  08:39
Do you want to, do you want, like, trying the the we are pulling in some things like, like the shed, color roof color, primary door, secondary Door, door, color, none of that. All that goes because that's not on the line item either, but it's related to that, all right. The What about tax codes? Tax

Speaker 1  09:16
codes would be good if we can get them. I don't know if we can get them. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:20
I mean, we have, we have stuff here to handle it, yeah. All right, so I think let's see the estimate, self billing ID, room, email printed, waiting for sync, approval memo, sales rep, shipping, template, terms, transaction, date. Note, internal, internal note, which is what you talked about, all right, so I think, I think it makes, I think it's pretty clear it's going to take just a little bit of time to, I want to, I want to, I. Whole, all of the mapping code as well. So that's not cluttering it up stuff, just to make it be maintainable. But I think, I think that's pretty straightforward. Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:14
good, yeah, sounds good. I mean, if you have any questions on other things, just feel free to shoot me an email, give me a call. But yeah, it's good to good to hear we at least know what the problem is, and we can kind of get this situated, because I've been pretty confused. I'm not sure if it's on idea rooms, and I don't know if it's on a method, and I don't know if it's like, seems like somewhere in the middle here, I guess. But yeah, that sounds good, as long as you have a good hand on that, when do you expect to have it completed

Matthias Miller  10:39
this change here? Yes,

Speaker 1  10:43
and like the the opportunities coming through,

Matthias Miller  10:46
opportunities coming through ASAP. I mean, this is, I consider that basically a client down situation, which means we're on fire. Let's go do something on, on the is there, I guess, what's the level of urgency on you, as far as the pulling these things across. I

Speaker 1  11:01
mean, next week would be great if we can have these done by next week. I mean, getting the, getting the the opportunities coming back through, obviously, yeah, that would be having that done, you know, as soon as possible. But yeah, getting getting those other changes made next week would be great.

Matthias Miller  11:18
Okay, yeah, I can have that done by end of next week. For sure. I'm gonna be out for three days, but yeah, I'll either have it done before I go. Before I go or or by end of next week. That's okay, that's quite doable. Okay,

Speaker 1  11:27
all right. Sounds good. Good. Awesome. Appreciate it. Awesome. Thanks, guys. Yep, you bet you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai