Unknown Speaker  00:27
Hey, Matthias, Good

Matthias Miller  00:29
morning. Hello.

Matthias Miller  00:37
Hey, good morning, guys. Sorry I was didn't have anything on my calendar, and it was deep in, deep in my own little world. So

Speaker 1  00:49
there you go. That's usually quite productive. Get a chance to do that.

Matthias Miller  00:55
So, yes, it was.

Speaker 1  00:58
So let's look at next Wayne's obviously not able to join. He was today's the day. He's getting legit, right? So next meeting Thursday won't work for me. Wanted to see what Seth you said. Think most of next week you're out, right? Yeah. You said you're on a work project, right?

Speaker 2  01:23
Yeah, we're going what work trip. I mean, we're going to investor tools offices in Colorado Springs. You'll leave early Monday morning, come back late Thursday night, and work as much as possible in between.

Unknown Speaker  01:37
So are you out as well? Matthias, then

Matthias Miller  01:39
I'm out. Uh, no, well, not because of that, but I am. I'm out Wednesday through, sorry, Monday through Wednesday of next week.

Speaker 1  01:51
Well, I wonder if we should just, the only reason I wanted to do a call was I thought we might have something on positive, a feedback, but that can, let's just go to the next Well, I think is Ascension Day the following Thursday.

Matthias Miller  02:10
That's a good question. Yeah, it is. What would you want to try to find something on the 19th? Let

Unknown Speaker  02:22
me for

Matthias Miller  02:25
20th. Well, 20th probably isn't good for you guys.

Unknown Speaker  02:39
Same session days, the 29th so it's not the Thursday after, oh, okay, it's that's three weeks from today.

Matthias Miller  02:50
Well, Easter was late,

Unknown Speaker  02:53
so, so the 22nd would work for everyone.

Speaker 2  02:56
Actually, wait, am I? I think I'm traveling to faith builders because my brother's graduating then Saturday, and we're driving

Matthias Miller  03:11
Seth, are you going to be in on right well or mark? Which days are you out next week?

Unknown Speaker  03:17
Next week on the 15 is this

Matthias Miller  03:21
is Friday the 16th an option or not?

Unknown Speaker  03:25
It would be for me. Does that work for you?

Matthias Miller  03:33
Think so

Unknown Speaker  03:37
it's fine on my end.

Speaker 3  03:40
No, yeah, yeah, as long as we don't go too late afternoon. Should worry like if we did a morning thing, and probably worth 16

Speaker 1  03:50
so the 16 930, to 11, if we need, if we need that much time. Okay, yep. So

Matthias Miller  03:58
let me go ahead and do uh does not repeat. We are on the 16th, 730, to nine. Mountain 930, to 11. All right. Good,

Speaker 3  04:29
no, it's not. It's not so far away. It's just longer than it needs to be.

Speaker 1  04:37
We got distracted. Drew was griping about family reunions,

Matthias Miller  04:44
a pretty strong word.

Speaker 3  04:48
I like, I like, really short family reunions where I can show up and say hi and then be done, like, kill two or three work days in the weekend.

Matthias Miller  04:57
Kind of like you need a speed dating version of him. Reunions. Hey, what's happening here? Like, how are you? Okay? Good.

Speaker 3  05:08
I don't know how you guys find it, but family reunions for me sure seem to be compiling. Like it used to be that we just went to a few, you know, cousins or something, right? And the old reunions never stop. Next Generation One starting up, and it's like, eventually you have to kill the old, you know, the great, great grandpas. I mean, there just isn't enough time in the summer to have everybody's union.

Matthias Miller  05:37
Yes, this is just guilt free. Lots of no's, but I don't know. I probably not everybody agrees with that philosophy. But

Speaker 3  05:52
yes, I appreciate my second cousins, but no, I cannot spend several weekends going to see second cousins.

Speaker 2  06:02
That's funny. So I'm wondering if Drew is the proponent of euthanasia or what, because exact quote was eventually you have to kill the great, great grandpas.

Unknown Speaker  06:11
No, I never

Unknown Speaker  06:18
heard of that, but that's about, right?

Matthias Miller  06:25
Man, all right,

Speaker 1  06:33
good. So not to files working correctly. The issue payments, our thought is to test or to keep doing this, you know, on a limited amount for another few weeks, but then make a big push to switch all of our vendors over that. You know that we can doing that. Um, talking to true is today, hopefully we can talk about setting up that or scheduling that, but the payments showing up twice in the Bank Ledger, I think drew

Unknown Speaker  07:09
you're going to show.

Speaker 3  07:14
So I think you can see this now. So this is my for reconciling the CSB, and I have these that I did a couple weeks ago. This was one file. It was a $2 notch for these two different vendors. This one was this week. This was the only vendor paid in that regular vendor payment, but so we got those. But then I also it shows up here as well. This is the same not to file. So this down here is the way I want it to show up the $2 one I have down here in the reconciled items. So right here it is. So like, this is the way they should be with just the growth showing up at the bank. And I think this just happened since the updates to do the balanced and imbalanced thing. So I think it was right before I

Matthias Miller  08:23
Okay, um, do you have the Okay? 118569, site, transaction,

Matthias Miller  08:37
sorry, this one is 118569, 18569, okay, so that one's okay, that's coming off the vendor invoice, though. Oh, I know what's going on.

Matthias Miller  08:58
Bi accounting impact, we have code to not generate when we have a check, I think, on the vendor invoice. And it's what is it trying to remember where this is credit memo, sort of credit IDs accumulated, find the difference. Isn't that what it is? Because here we have the vendor invoice. This is so this is going to AP, though, no source record. And then wait, this one doesn't have a are we not? So we're not showing the notch file link on the vendor invoice when there's a notch file.

Unknown Speaker  09:57
I don't think we are. Actually,

Speaker 1  09:58
it'd be. That we actually, we don't have it on the agenda, but we made a note, since we send out the agenda, to add that you're saying same as few checks. If there's a check that allows you to go to the I

Speaker 2  10:16
mean, it's very should be really easy to add. Where do you where do you want it? Well,

Speaker 1  10:24
probably the same places. Where do you show the checks? Like, yeah, where the checks are at, okay, there's a link for the checks, yeah. Should we also look and see two other well, okay, we have more on that then, but keep going. Besides, with Wait, let

Matthias Miller  10:42
me. Let me see if I can wait. What am I missing? Okay, give me just about two minutes here. I'm completely I'm completely lost, but I won't be for long.

Matthias Miller  11:01
And then Seth's gonna, if he turns Drew's comment the euthanasia, he's gonna turn that into some kind of statement

Unknown Speaker  11:13
about the total depravity of

Speaker 3  11:16
man. I didn't catch. Where did it? Where did that comment come from? Seth,

Speaker 2  11:22
you were saying, Well, okay, yeah, but you didn't clarify that great grandpa's was possessive, not plural. Oh, he just said, eventually you have to kill the great grandpas, I think implying the great grandpa's reunion. But Right,

Matthias Miller  11:47
right. All right, let's do this invoice payment. Yeah, here we go, Seth, I'm sending you a message. There's a very clear there's a V paid by assist check in here, and so just add a V paid by NACHA or, you know, change it to be paid by assist check or not. You either way, whatever, and then don't generate the payment transaction. Vendor invoice. Payment transaction for vendor invoices, if it's paid by NACHA, or if you want to, we can, actually, I could, I need to update my stuff here. I could also almost just code it and be done as well. So I

Speaker 2  12:42
don't care. I don't mind doing it. I'll if I do, I'll probably just see if we can connect for four minutes and make sure it looks good. But yep,

Matthias Miller  12:53
okay, so that should be, yeah, we'll get rid of the of the duplicate vendor invoice specific transactions.

Speaker 3  13:04
Um, on these vendor invoice where it gives the payment ID, is this a generic name here? Or can we because we got the date already? Oh, can we just drop it to just like the number? Because I think maybe it says notch number one or something at the end, yeah. And we just, just give the notch a number one or number 35 or whatever it is as the payment ID you

Matthias Miller  13:32
got that Seth, yeah, he's going to have it done in, like, by the time you get started on the next thing that should be changed. Um, there

Unknown Speaker  13:41
was something else with these. There was,

Unknown Speaker  13:43
yeah, go ahead. DREW. It was

Speaker 3  13:52
in the notch file. When we come back to this, confirm, uploaded, can we make? So that also triggers the email so that I don't have to come and confirm upload it here and then go over to the other one trigger email there. And

Matthias Miller  14:09
can we just give you a link here to send the email after it's uploaded

Unknown Speaker  14:13
this in the same place? That makes sense

Unknown Speaker  14:19
with that. Well, go ahead, Julie, oh yeah,

Speaker 3  14:21
vacation, that'd be just a notification. If a vendor does not have an email address that it would just list, you know, vendor X, vendor y, vendor Z, do not have email address, and you just, okay, click through it like it wouldn't stop sending to those that do have it. Just, I don't think I'm sending to somebody that it never got set up, and I never know about it is there gonna be some that don't have and don't have an email. I.

Speaker 2  15:00
I'm trying to do. We have an email for natural, ready? Is that? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:04
it's a Drew. You wanna open it up? It's, it's a or there's a email, no,

Speaker 3  15:12
not this one. I mean, it's for just sending to whatever

Unknown Speaker  15:16
type,

Unknown Speaker  15:19
you know, like this one here,

Speaker 3  15:27
like, here's this email that I would have sent. It would just send everything that's within the tied to that notch file, which is going to be multiple vendors, multiple emails, Matthias,

Speaker 2  15:41
I don't think we can easily add that to the detail screen. I guess we could add a link to the it's because of how the report works, because it's running on groupings, so we can't run outside of that context. We could add a link to that report and filter down to the, I think, to the right stuff. Basically,

Matthias Miller  16:05
you could, but you could, you could also have a report. Could you have a report that that takes a and you couldn't have it? No, you can't have an auto push report like that.

Speaker 3  16:19
Come back to this report, you know, be filtered for ACH famous,

Speaker 2  16:25
yeah, if we could add Exactly So, you'd have to pop into here and then hit the Send Email Link. But that would it's that's not hard to

Unknown Speaker  16:43
do. I guess that would at least be that much.

Speaker 1  16:48
You also have to look at possibly editing the email on, yeah,

Speaker 3  16:52
we talked about multiple like, how the carbon copy wasn't working for the vendor. Email address is editing this. Did we talk about that? Is that any possibility just, you know, say, I want to change the subject line, or I want to for this specific email? So that's something. That's possibility?

Matthias Miller  17:22
Well, not easily. What kinds of changes specifically are you willing to make? I

Speaker 3  17:30
just had a situation the other day where I wanted to send an Well, I had already notified the bank, and I had the bank included in the ones to be notified, and so I didn't want to re send it to them. It's, it's minor. I mean, it's not worth a lot of development time.

Speaker 1  17:47
Oh, so you have to go back to the vendor. Take off the Edit, take off the bank's email address, and then right then send it in right

Speaker 3  17:56
to leave it for now, I would say, if it's not easy to make these edible just, let's just leave it. It doesn't happen just really often. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:05
well, here, here's the upside downside of having bank grade software. Banks do not like their employees editing emails before they go out, and so there's not been a huge demand from the bank side to allow for that. You know, compliance and all those other types of issues. So we could there? Are there ways that we could work around it? Yes, we know that you specifically wanted to override who it gets sent to on a regular basis. Well, not even now that, because you might be sending it to multiple is there multiple emails going out? Yeah, I don't know. This is kind of the, well, sorry, this is going to be painful. And if it happens more than once every six months, then, and it's really where it becomes painful in some way, let's chat. I think,

Speaker 3  18:56
yeah, I would say it's probably not worth dealing with. I mean, not worth anything for it is worth just

Unknown Speaker  19:08
good. So you've got all those requests. My new sub,

Speaker 2  19:17
yeah, um, you're wanting, you're wanting some alert for missing vendor email address. Is that what you're saying? Or I

Matthias Miller  19:28
would just see we can show a notice on the detail screen or in the report, if there's a missing vendor email like we

Speaker 2  19:35
could easily show it as a column in the vendor invoices in the report before you get to the email. I would think that would make sense, but just show, we could show a little warning icon if it's missing an email Drew, if

Matthias Miller  19:47
you just hit the back button here,

Unknown Speaker  19:51
right there, yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:55
like somewhere, have a warning icon or make this. And email background red or, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  20:09
I mean, I was thinking just a column

Matthias Miller  20:11
on the far right column here.

Speaker 2  20:14
Sure, thanks, report and have a little red icon. I don't know if a this is for what if a vendor doesn't have an email address? Oh,

Speaker 3  20:24
I mean, when you click it, it doesn't go anywhere. But okay, was that? But it would keep you from, oh, so far I know which one's hitting which ones don't. But what would be more helpful is if it would say, hey, this was sent. Like a if you went through and you clicked the sent button, if it would do something, oh, no, that what it has been sent. But that's probably a whole different kind of worms.

Matthias Miller  20:57
Are we sure we shouldn't just have a, okay, most of your vendors now, how much? How much are you guys going to use E payments going forward?

Speaker 3  21:10
You mean, like the ACH upload or this, yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  21:13
Well, besides not non not to electronic payment, I guess where you need to email the vendor, okay,

Unknown Speaker  21:20
um, where we need to email the vendor? Probably not much.

Matthias Miller  21:27
So Seth, why would we just go ahead and add native support to to the I don't? Okay, let's, let's take a look at what a theoretical ideal world scenario is. Ideal world scenario is that on the NACHA file you maintain a list of vendors and which vendors have been emailed and,

Matthias Miller  22:00
well, a simplistic way is that you just have another status on the notch, a file that says, Okay, now I uploaded it. And there's one more thing. Did we email the vendors and and then we just, we could, we could record, if we wanted to, with the email address, or did the vendors have email addresses as of the point of emailing? And I guess the question is, Drew, do you ever really need to email most of the vendors then come back and fill in the email addresses for the other vendors to send out the emails. Should we be tracking that separately.

Speaker 3  22:43
You mean, like when I went to send it, they didn't have it, and right, sent me one. And so now I resubmitted it. Well,

Matthias Miller  22:53
actually, this is very simple. So, so we have, I Yeah, we just have to after upload. You have we prompt, we have an email all and an email a single vendor and and so if we just customize the email template to work specifically for notch files, because this is going to be our primary way of emailing going forward and then. And I don't know that we, I mean, do we need to track whether an email has been or Drew? How important is it to track which which vendors actually have been emailed or not?

Unknown Speaker  23:38
Well, that's mostly just my own personal

Speaker 4  23:42
like I pretty much figured out when designer metals

Speaker 3  23:47
reconciles their payments and they are because that's when they email me, or wanting me, wanting the remittance information,

Unknown Speaker  23:58
go back and do it

Speaker 3  23:59
again. I'm certain that most of the time I've already sent them the email, but I have no way to prove it. I mean, I don't want to just, I don't want to argue with them either, but it would make me feel good if I actually knew whether I sent it when they asked for it again. You know, a month later,

Matthias Miller  24:13
oh yeah. You don't really want to argue, but you kind of

Speaker 1  24:17
do that. Then you, then you go back and say, check your emails for Yeah, or 22

Speaker 2  24:24
I mean, I think we have a log for sent emails. So we could actually just tell you. Could we do a good look in there? Could, could we? This might be way overkill, so maybe this is just my wild brainstorming that's completely net to it Mindy, but

Matthias Miller  24:39
you could on the on the either on the vendor. You could on the vendor detail screen. Could you do we have a search for external actions by email? I don't know if we really want to make this publicly visible.

Unknown Speaker  24:52
I don't want to start putting that out there.

Speaker 1  24:57
Well, okay, just thinking about this. I think I mean. Most of the time, AP should be the one feeling, anyway, real helpful for them to see, like on this day at this time, it seems to me like, right send you your remittance email, because otherwise, I mean that it kind of train your vendors

Speaker 3  25:21
up on the vendor invoice.

Speaker 1  25:30
Well, that's why I thinking, because we'll probably have this with other vendors, like, a month later, when they're reconciling, they'll say, Oh, what was this payment for? Ensemble?

Matthias Miller  25:45
Okay, so this, this goes back to the question, though, I

Matthias Miller  26:05
Okay, Seth, here's an idea. This is, once again, this may be overkill, but two RGS on the on the notch file. One is a list of all vendors, and basically, do they need to be emailed, and it defaults being checked for all vendors linked on the vendor invoices, and then you have a you have a send email, and then a confirm email sent which goes through and creates entry logs for basically that say we emailed this vendor on this date, if they have an Email Address, and if they don't, then that remains blank and and so if you ever need to resend it to somebody, you can check the box and say, hey, they need an email. Send it off again, creates another entry, and then then AP knows that well, if they need to, if a vendor didn't get the email, I could just click into the notch file and see, when did we email them? What email address? I don't know that we need to keep the email we but What date did we email the vendor? So drew your process would basically be, you confirm the upload, you send the email and then you say, then you come back and say, Okay, I sent the email because, unfortunately, currently, we don't have a great way to we don't Have a great way to automatically

Matthias Miller  27:41
store that store that the other option sets would be, again, What would be creating an index on external actions? I

Matthias Miller  28:04
and basically you would, I don't know, I mean, theoretically you could hard code the notches subject line. And

Unknown Speaker  28:37
how much complexity is this worth? Though? I

Matthias Miller  28:54
so what's the harm in having a an external action report that filters you've got a macro for the not just subject line or something, and an email and a custom external action report the filters by recipients and finds emails to this vendor for this with this subject line And it obviously could be historical notch files. I don't know. I

Speaker 2  29:29
don't know. Just kind of think it feels like external actions are sort of background stuff that we shouldn't be, shouldn't really be needing to rely on. But I'm hearing Here's

Matthias Miller  29:42
a simplified version on the on the notch file. You have an RG of vendors, needs email checkbox and a last email date, and so drew clicks the Send Email, hit send comes back and says, confirm, emailed, and it marks. Any that were pending is not needing emailed, and as it was emailed as of today. And so if, if AP needs to find history, so drew just needs to remember to come back in and do that. And if AP needs history, they just jump into the notch file and see where they when the vendor got emailed.

Speaker 2  30:22
How's that? That's, I like that better, I mean. And, yeah, it'd be lovely if we could actually integrate things more easily, but we just, I mean, I think it has to be fairly manual, like that, basically. And so if you'd only want to send it to one or two out of four, then you just check those check boxes as needing email sent, and then hit the email sent Import button that update CRG,

Unknown Speaker  30:49
this would be on the notch file, correct.

Matthias Miller  30:53
And then you train AP to go look at at the notch file to find out when that email gets sent.

Speaker 3  31:02
So I confirm upload, I'd select my ones to email to hit the it

Matthias Miller  31:10
would automatically select them, anybody you can, who can. Oh, okay, it would select everyone, and then when you confirm, it just clears the ones that actually had email addresses. Go ahead, Seth,

Speaker 2  31:27
Okay, that's fair, yeah. So you just, if they don't have an email address, we'll just assume that no email was sent

Matthias Miller  31:38
Correct.

Speaker 2  31:41
Do you want? Should he be? Should you be able to uncheck a checkbox before hitting the button so that, yeah, it doesn't mark it as sent? Yep. Okay, okay,

Matthias Miller  31:55
the check boxes are editable, so that you, if you want to send, resend, who cares and if you, if you really care about multiple sensors activity history, but that really, pragmatically, doesn't matter, vendors are only going to care about the most recent time they got the email.

Speaker 2  32:14
So do we want a new status on the notre file too? Like or not. I don't

Matthias Miller  32:24
think it's necessary, because that's directed the RG, that's fair, yeah, and the RG can can only be, would only be accessible. Mean emailing, the RG is only editable. Could, I mean, could potentially only be visible after it's uploaded, or it could be visible and read only until upload.

Speaker 2  32:44
Yeah, I think that's reasonable. And do we still want the Send Email link that links you to the report with for this, not chat ID, right?

Matthias Miller  32:55
Well, I mean, ideally drew you really want the sent email report requires you to send one by one emails by by vendor. And so ideally, we would just use that same email template format, but have it run off of a notch file,

Speaker 3  33:16
right? It would all happen here then in the notch file, instead of going over to that and

Matthias Miller  33:22
so he'd pull it up and he'd see six emails and click through them and hit send. Come back. Makes sense.

Speaker 2  33:29
Very similar format to before is like how the email itself is formatted, but we just drive it from the not sure file, similar

Matthias Miller  33:39
in the Bengali sense, so like identical, okay, sorry,

Speaker 1  33:51
good. Anything else not to files, glass, you have what you can go till 1130

Matthias Miller  34:00
or I got nine minutes or whenever, whenever the next guy hops on.

Speaker 1  34:06
So three just an FYI. Or two is an FYI. Three is an FYI. We can talk about that next meeting. Hopefully, just give that some thought on how we're going to handle that. Basically, we're starting to bring in some skews that are actually legit. And so now we'll, I can put an example together for you, if that will help one. Email it to you just to give you some because it will have to change how we have black will cause somewhat so is that helpful? I guess if you're not going to do anything with it before next meeting, then I won't, won't.

Matthias Miller  34:52
Very well, we potentially have time to look at it next next Thursday. But realistically, it's something that's. That's an I should pair program. So I think the answer is basically no,

Speaker 1  35:04
okay, so have something for next meeting. Is, yeah, okay. And then four and five is just the are we? Is it worth getting it looking at these or not really?

Speaker 3  35:20
Well, I mean, it's with that asset connection thing. One workaround that I thought of is just maybe these materials are not used in buildings. They're not in the inventory, technically, like they should. They're purchased for specific asset. Other things like the house

Unknown Speaker  35:42
building.

Speaker 3  35:44
Could we just unhook the PO and write the whole thing as a as a non PO line, and do it that way to hook up an asset? You

Matthias Miller  35:54
definitely could. Yeah, I don't know the implications for avoiding the PO in inventory counts if you have anything like that. But conceptually, yes. And I would think Dwayne or somebody should have, should know everything necessary on that,

Speaker 3  36:18
yes, yeah. Otherwise, what we're trying to do is just people like Calvin would have ordered, say, two by fours, yeah, with his tonbin card, right? The house out there. And so he's saying, hook this order to that house, right? Yes. So we went in to the accounting transactions, added the asset there, but did not have a way to add it on the record, and so that too are in the mismatch.

Matthias Miller  36:51
Well, it's probably cleaner anyway. You don't really want to. I mean, who cares about inventory values? It's not like you want to put this into into inventory and take it back out again. I like that. The big piece then from there is, should we? Should we disable and disregard the asset and the or make, make the account an asset columns and non po expenses, read, read only, and blame for some blank or whatever, for po vendor invoices, so that People don't accidentally try

Speaker 1  37:41
to now, what are you? Are you saying on the vendor invoice currently on a PO line item, you could select an asset, you can select

Matthias Miller  37:48
an asset in an account, but it's completely disregarded, because those adjustments are distributed across the PO items.

Speaker 1  37:58
Yeah, I think we should look at that a little bit more language there. It makes me a little nervous. Little nervous to get rid of that. I mean, I think I understand what you're saying. I'm just not. I think we need to look at a few examples to make sure it actually doesn't cause issues here.

Matthias Miller  38:14
Let's do this so we have a report where we have a vendor invoice on repeating group V invoice non po expense account, and we're going to add a and has our GV invoice Po, num, ID, true and V invoice date, and We're going to reverse sort by that, and through the non po expense account, po expense amount, not po notes, and the V invoice, invoice, non po expense asset. And we're also going to and SRG and save this as an IFR report, and we're going to call it 508, ease of nervousness about non po expenses as a Complete doesn't make sense to anybody. And then here I

Matthias Miller  39:53
I just narrow this down, because most of them would be i.

Matthias Miller  40:01
And we're gonna make this guy do the

Matthias Miller  40:14
Okay, so we'll do this review, actually, Let's do this.

Matthias Miller  40:40
Here's a report where you can review these affected under invoices. Okay, so I mean, basically, I mean, this will give you stuff like fuel, yes, down payment on another invoice. That's actually kind of weird. Shouldn't that be a credit?

Unknown Speaker  41:10
Probably never see this?

Unknown Speaker  41:11
No, that stuff from China. Yeah, from but anyway, that was a goofy deal. No, it's, it's supposed to be like that. It,

Unknown Speaker  41:30
yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  41:32
Okay. And then this is for the 24 aluminum windows, okay. And so, I mean this is correct, so you're adjusting the total down, and it's not accounted we didn't receive the windows. Actually, we did. So technically, technically, this adjustment should have been applied to this line item. It should not have been spread across the entire across the entire invoice, yeah. Technically, you're reducing the cost of of the the hinges of the whatever this one is. What is it? Yeah, anyway, so if you really want to get down to nitty gritty, how, how do you make the these accurate shipping charges? That's fine. Um,

Matthias Miller  42:25
hmm, fair,

Speaker 1  42:28
yeah, this report will help us see, kind of think through how changes. Well, yeah, I think we'll just look at this and go from there. Yep, good, awesome. Okay, thanks guys. Thank you for 16.

Matthias Miller  42:52
All right, have a good one.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai