Matthias Miller  00:06
Check, check, Boom, Boom, boom,

Unknown Speaker  01:09
how are things here?

Matthias Miller  01:10
Hey, good,

Unknown Speaker  01:12
sorry, I did a school run for Juanita.

Matthias Miller  01:15
So got it.

Speaker 1  01:16
No worries. Okay, well, I Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:23
hey, could we start by cleaning up the agenda just a little bit? Yes. So I think these are all mine. These are all mine. Let's see this one's yours. Are any of these?

Speaker 1  01:53
So, example, dashboard I've got investor tools can disappear. The November ad can disappear, which, sadly, we have had, I think one person sign up for that poor thing so far.

Matthias Miller  02:04
Can I? Can I move this also move this to the top?

Unknown Speaker  02:07
Yes, please, yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:12
this and we're gonna do, yeah, start next agenda. Beat that top

Matthias Miller  02:29
and next agenda, okay, and then silver. William jenwood, UI, update, would questionnaire,

Unknown Speaker  02:42
um, I think a lot of this is old. I

Matthias Miller  02:44
don't know. I mean, it all looks old to me from this, yeah, I

Speaker 1  02:49
think we can just, I think so then

Matthias Miller  02:54
there was the email that you just sent, which I don't see. Yeah, that was the simplest thing. Okay,

Matthias Miller  03:07
well, I've got a bunch of questions that sure really billable to you. We could start with those and not come out. Yep. Do you have if I do high go, high level customizations. Would you the lazy part of me is like, oh, go find somebody like Nick to go help out with this stuff and get them good and go high level stuff and whatever. Or if I do, like, Shut up to high level or HubSpot integrations, go have Jonathan shadow me so that I've got a co owner on the code. Yeah. Interest, lack of interest.

Speaker 1  03:49
Okay, well, Nick's available in six months. If you we still haven't landed host. There's Eric Miller, son, I still want to hire have still haven't landed that. Haven't landed host seller, so I can feel safe hiring him and all. And I kind of want to, I want him to wait to start coding until we've got Nick here to train him, because Seth has got too much on his plate. And Seth and yeah, anyway, so Nick could be a good trainer. Although I've toyed with having him work with Ben and Tim for six months of cash flow, I wouldn't mind that before he starts developing the I don't mind Jonathan. I think Jonathan. I don't mind Jonathan shadowing you whenever you you want that? Oh, so that's a pretty easy thing to do.

Matthias Miller  04:53
Do you know who's right off hand? I.

Speaker 1  05:00
Okay, I think investor tools pays 50. I built clients 100

Speaker 1  05:11
Yeah. So I mean, if he's working for you, he's working, then I'm not, then it's better than investor tools. So this would be non, is this non app hosting stuff? Yes, and you'd be hoping that he would be able to maintain it long term or or how much of it is rubber duck and how much is it?

Matthias Miller  05:41
Oh, well, in an ideal world, I think in an ideal world, it'd be awesome if you could, but I don't know. But again, I think this depends a little bit on long term plans. Do you want him? Like, like, Is that the kind of thing you want? Right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  06:17
probably at, you know, 2x of his rate of his salary so that, you know, at 100 then I'd be open to it otherwise, just so barely, probably something like that. But, but yeah, at 100 No. I mean, I'd be willing to have him maintain it that way. I mean, yeah, so

Matthias Miller  06:47
this is partially just because Tim has done such a wonderful job. Yeah, he's so detail oriented. But can I pay Tim full rate to sure handle? Okay? Yep, I uh,

Matthias Miller  07:05
noise, email, noise, there's a bunch of stuff like, Are there heuristics that I could use for basically marketing at and solutions at, do I need to look at it or do I not? Um, okay,

Speaker 1  07:19
here's what I did with both of those. If it's if it comes to the group, without coming to me individually, I don't look at it, okay. So can you easily filter that in Gmail? Or not?

Matthias Miller  07:33
I will be able. I have a custom Okay, yeah, I hate a Gmail filter. So I wrote my own

Speaker 1  07:41
fear. That has been a life saver for me, and I have no idea what I'm missing, but I you don't know how cheerful it is for me not to see chatter on the email group. Well,

Matthias Miller  07:57
one of my favorite thing Have you told you about the Napoleon rule was it?

Matthias Miller  08:06
Let me see it's it's something like you, you know issue comes up, you wait 30 days, and if it's still an issue, then you deal with it. But uh,

Speaker 1  08:23
there's probably certain things you can apply that to, and certain things you can't. But yes,

Matthias Miller  08:28
er, probably not. But there are some other things that you know

Speaker 1  08:35
well, say on the investor tool side. If it's a technical issue, then it may be escalating. I mean, right then, promises of value. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:46
so plaid. We talked about doing plaid. You got you were going to talk to Joel about comp, and I wanted to kind of hear back from you excited about that. We still

Speaker 1  08:55
haven't talked comp sometime. I'll give you HR drama that you can build investor tools for, but to listen to me wine. But

Unknown Speaker  09:12
sure,

Matthias Miller  09:15
and am I being? I mean, I may be being slightly of a stick in the mud. But I told no, you're not being a sticker cop before. Yeah, no, no, no.

Speaker 1  09:25
I mean, that's, that's actually being kind. I think,

Matthias Miller  09:32
I think so actually.

Speaker 1  09:32
I mean, no, seriously. I mean, I think it is being kind. So,

Matthias Miller  09:38
all right, good. I'm happy. And he could bug you. I told him he can bug you about it too. Yep. All right, so my micro podcast is a little bit me and a little bit you, yeah, if you have money to throw at it, the guy is a.

Matthias Miller  15:00
Um, let me, let me see what he's he's got pulled up, I guess you're on a big screen. Like, yeah. Maybe it wasn't this one somewhere. He had a list of, Oh, yeah. There we go. Further discussion. That's something that Gus brought up practical applications general ideas that address broad concerns or misunderstandings. So I mean, just basically, you need somebody who, oh, that was really interesting. What you said, can you tell me more about,

Unknown Speaker  15:33
yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:37
God, the biggest concern would be if Ben doesn't have quite enough background to be able to pick, pick those out and pull those out, right? Sure, I kind of put it on a 5050, but he's starting off of a creative bent that, yeah, he might be able to kind of find something to latch on to. And I mean, just simple questions, what was the most exciting part about this? Or what's the part about this? Or what was the part that you're so proud about? Sure, and see if you can find something that the guy people just get really excited about talking about, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  16:13
Yeah. Interesting. So, so how much does it what's going to kick off rice for the podcast, script and stuff.

Matthias Miller  16:22
He charges. He charges 2500 Sure, yeah. And then he has a monthly he sets up a go high level, which we could, which has the landings page and all this kind of stuff. He has a 750 amount continuity for editing that's cancelable. You don't have to opt into that. I would think that with descript and tools like that, that editing really isn't that complicated, but I'm also hyper optimistic when it comes to this stuff.

Unknown Speaker  16:50
Sure, yeah, yeah. But especially

Matthias Miller  16:54
if you've got somebody like Ben, who's I mean, if Ben has had, has has resources now he doesn't know, I would say that's something else, but he has spare resources, but

Speaker 1  17:03
he's less than he used to. That's the good news, by the way, Austin's taken over accounting, and it's gorgeous. Ben's not an accountant. I'm sorry. I mean, it's just he's given me more heart attacks, both good and bad, on cash flow and now projections and and the cash flow projections in the last month this Austin's doing it are just boring. I mean, good, but boring anyway, yeah, yeah, I'd certainly be be, be interested enough to to get kind of a pitch from you and pay you to put a pitch together, and then I'd love to and how, what's the frequency you typically recommend on like this? I mean, well,

Matthias Miller  17:49
I think, I mean, it really comes down to how many do you I'm gonna I mean, you know me, I like my foot on the gas pedal. Yeah. So I would love to do five a week. And, I mean, if you make five outreaches a day, one of them lands on your show you one of those converts into a discovery. I don't know. I mean, got it, yeah, you have really strong lead flow, but that's going for the I mean, could you do it weekly, or, like, one a week? Sure. I mean, if you really wanted to, you could do one a month, although it seems like, right, yeah. The nice thing about it too, I can put this in the pitch. The nice thing about it too is it also gives us marketing content, right? We can go highlight this person and yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  18:43
So is the goal actually, to be recruiting the people. You're interviewing them. Yes, correct. Got it Sure.

Matthias Miller  18:53
The only people who say no to a podcast interview are people who literally don't have time. Yeah, from everything that I've heard, yeah, yeah. It might change over the next few years if more people start doing this. But

Speaker 1  19:04
sure, sure, would be really interesting then is to get in a to get a call in number on something like this for phone access, which

Matthias Miller  19:15
is what I want to do, and then track the calls. And by the way, you haven't called in for a while. Just want to touch base, or, Oh, I see it's the first time you called like, I'd love to hear more about who you are and what to do. Yeah, exactly. So totally

Speaker 1  19:31
interesting. Interesting. I think it's, I mean, okay, well, first of all, this is a really bad time to sell anything to me, because, you know how much I like to preach, and I went and told the ministers, please don't make me preach until Lavonne house is done. So but, but having said that, I think it's, it's it's intriguing enough not to throw it away, at least so sure and good. I.

Matthias Miller  20:00
All right, okay, so simbas Consult sample dashboard for demo system is what we have in your list. If there's anything else,

Speaker 1  20:10
oh, let's do a bit of you can Okay, so let me just jump over here and investor tools rants. Do my investor tools rants? Okay, so I had

Matthias Miller  20:30
oh, by the way, while we're switching to investor tools, yeah, I started working on the white paper draft. And have, I don't know how many pages, but you know, probably three or four pages of content so far, fantastic pages in the document. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:45
great.

Matthias Miller  20:48
And you had suggested pulling Jonathan through the weeds on some of this stuff, if necessary. Is that Sure? Yeah,

Speaker 1  20:53
yeah. I'm not sure that he's that much of an author. But if you just want someone to pull along, feel free. What

Matthias Miller  21:00
I would like to do then is go through the hosting Q A and just check off stuff. And he'd be a great guy. That'd be like, Okay, do we get this? Do not get this. Yeah,

Speaker 1  21:12
good. Okay. Investor tools ran. So I'm trying to think where all the peace.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai