Unknown Speaker  03:37
Hey, Seth, hey,

Matthias Miller  03:39
yeah, looks like it's Getting blinded there. Very, very

Unknown Speaker  03:41
bright morning.

Matthias Miller  03:43
Hey, Mark, hi, Drew, hello.

Unknown Speaker  03:53
How are things in Colorado?

Unknown Speaker  03:55
Oh, well,

Matthias Miller  03:58
there's been a bug going around. So I'm trying to keep my wife healthy, trying to stay healthy at the same time. But apart from that, we got, we got dumped on with with snow last week. So, oh, really. Kids had a had a snow day Thursday, and then school, they had a teacher working on Friday. So they ended up with a four day weekend. One of the kids, our daughter, was at the dinner table last night. She's like, I don't like these. I don't like that. We were out of school that long because I went back and I couldn't remember how to do long division.

Matthias Miller  04:42
Uh, yeah, or double, double digit, long division, yes.

Speaker 1  04:48
Did you say? Well, I can make you a tool that you'll never need to know exactly

Unknown Speaker  04:53
i.

Speaker 2  05:00
Is that unusual for you to have snow that this early in the year? Not necessarily

Matthias Miller  05:04
this early. It's It is unusual for us to have, for it to stay around that long, usually, usually it'll it's not unusual for us to get a good bit of snow and within a day or two, have it completely gone?

Speaker 3  05:27
I can attest to the fact that it was a lot of snow because we had, we're at a wedding out in the area, on a cousin on the other side of the family. So got to see the snow. It was pretty and we were we drove in Thursday, so I was pretty glad we weren't driving in Friday, because it got really nasty Friday at like five, there's people that were driving 25 miles an hour on the interstate.

Matthias Miller  05:50
Yeah, they closed down the interstate going south of New Mexico, so it was a pretty big deal.

Speaker 2  06:01
Yeah, sounds like the type of weather Duane likes to drive in the challenge.

Speaker 4  06:10
Well, the weather I'm currently driving, it is not Dwayne type of weather. It's just nasty, rainy, hmm. That

Unknown Speaker  06:23
finally getting rain here. So let it rain.

Unknown Speaker  06:28
Let it rain.

Speaker 2  06:33
So you're what you're you're in Indiana, heading heading home,

Speaker 4  06:39
heading actually, down to Kentucky to meet with another individual.

Matthias Miller  06:43
Got it? Okay?

Speaker 2  06:44
I don't know how the like for Ohio. They say, if you don't like the weather, just what is it? Wait, wait a day or way to change. So,

Unknown Speaker  06:59
good. Well, I

Speaker 2  07:04
uh, why don't we start with, there's, there's two pieces. I think that Wayne is is involved in cover those first, like Matthias suggested, and then cover the other things after that I highlighted in blue, what's okay? The two things are sales tax reporting and then the improvements needed for tracking and accounting of retrieved buildings. Talk about both of those things and then go back to the other other pieces, if that and as far as upcoming meetings, I'd say, let's circle back at the end of the meeting, the end of this call, and see what what we have, whether we think it's necessary to do on the week of Thanksgiving or not.

Unknown Speaker  07:53
So let's start with sales tax reporting then. So go ahead. Drew, these are all items that you had mentioned. So I think you're more qualified to talk about this. And

Speaker 1  08:11
okay, so the first one here the preview sales tax liabilities page. I was looking at that, and I just know that you do things like sometimes there is,

Unknown Speaker  08:26
I have it open for Ohio,

Unknown Speaker  08:30
and I guess I could Just share my

Speaker 5  08:32
share my page. That'd be good. Um, all right. Are you seeing it now?

Speaker 1  08:48
Okay, so there's some like, Here, it shows we have in a, a, we're in the No,

Unknown Speaker  08:54
that's the non taxable.

Speaker 1  09:00
Anyway, there's zeros and there's missing rates. Thinking I had found some that had,

Speaker 1  09:21
I was just curious on well and like this, maybe Dwayne has more input there. Like, there's Mount Hope in all caps, or there's, there's Millersburg in all caps, and there's Millersburg in lower case is this just like, well, these come together. They're on the same rate, obviously, but I guess they're just people are just entering them differently. Is

Unknown Speaker  09:44
that how that works?

Unknown Speaker  09:46
What isn't that from TaxJar? Is

Unknown Speaker  09:49
that how it comes back to tax jar? Well, if

Unknown Speaker  09:52
you open one of those records,

Speaker 4  09:58
so tax jar always. Gives it back in all caps. If it's not in all caps, it probably means somebody manually entered it,

Matthias Miller  10:06
okay, okay, but it'll, it'll group together. It doesn't matter, as long as it's spelled the same, it'll, right,

Speaker 1  10:14
okay, okay, so that should not be an issue.

Unknown Speaker  10:18
Um, well,

Unknown Speaker  10:22
I wish I could find one. Now,

Unknown Speaker  10:27
you thought you had some. No, what was it? Where you had a taxable they

Speaker 1  10:33
were, yeah, it was taxable, but the rates missing. Okay, here, here's some. So Wayne County, we have zero in the rates we have taxable. Is this like I mostly what I'm concerned about is just that I know how to recognize that something's wrong. Do

Matthias Miller  10:57
you want to jump into the sales order? And first, let's start by taking a look at the this one. No, this one.

Unknown Speaker  11:11
Yeah, it was this

Matthias Miller  11:16
one. Okay, go down into activity history and see where the tax rate came from.

Unknown Speaker  11:30
I know you just have to it was

Speaker 3  11:31
from pinging. That's because Josh didn't.

Matthias Miller  11:42
Yeah, Hazel put in a zero tax rate.

Unknown Speaker  11:52
So

Unknown Speaker  11:57
why are we returning the taxable sub total? Though,

Unknown Speaker  11:59
that's what I'm

Unknown Speaker  12:03
on a viewer rate.

Speaker 3  12:06
It's not tax exempt. Oh, right, yeah, right,

Unknown Speaker  12:11
a zero.

Speaker 3  12:17
So the whole value is, I mean, the 2932 is a taxable subtotal, yeah, but it's manually set at 0%

Unknown Speaker  12:26
well, and I mean, they've even like, that's probably what the tax is, that 190, 58, so what do you have? So what's the thing to do here,

Matthias Miller  12:40
make a tags exempt, if that's what it's supposed to be.

Speaker 3  12:51
The 190 58 is the tax at the old tax rate. Okay, before she cleared it out, I

Speaker 1  13:03
Well, why would this be? Is there any reason this would be tax exempt? Anyone?

Unknown Speaker  13:06
No, I don't think so. So. So what needs John to correct this one to show like you needed to show the tax rate on your on your report, right?

Speaker 1  13:22
Well, we'd have to have the tax in here in order for this. I mean, like, if it I'm not seeing any reason why this should actually be exempt. But

Matthias Miller  13:36
maybe there's something, I mean, is it's not some weird situation, like, Oh, we're selling to a church or

Unknown Speaker  13:46
nonprofit or possibly,

Speaker 2  13:50
but, but in that case, wouldn't the tax exempt have been, often been selected by whoever wrote up the sales or the dealer?

Matthias Miller  13:58
That's true. Like

Speaker 2  13:59
none have none of the work you've been doing on cleaning up old sales tax scenarios would have unchecked the tax exempt. So if it's not checked, then, you know, then I'd say that's it is not tax exempt. So,

Speaker 3  14:19
I mean, I would ask Hazel, where she cleared the or whatever her name is, why she cleared the tax rates. Dwayne,

Speaker 2  14:31
do you have any idea why, why they would do that? Like, was she trying to? Was she stuck? Sorry,

Speaker 4  14:38
I have a feeling this was probably during the interim time when stuff was moved over and rates didn't come along, and she probably dropped zeros and everything, and tried to repay it. It probably didn't. It didn't ping. For some reason,

Unknown Speaker  14:53
maybe we should try to just reping it.

Unknown Speaker  14:55
I would just repay it. Move on. I.

Matthias Miller  15:12
So then we could filter your report down to who has a if you

Speaker 3  15:22
open the expression evaluator, yeah, no, in the top right corner, there's a little arrow down, and then expression evaluator and type in so pain, Tax jar it just in the left

Unknown Speaker  15:41
up here, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:47
So ping, yeah, tab,

Speaker 3  15:49
yeah, get that there, what it's suggesting. Okay, so it ping. If it says false, then that means it's not waiting to ping. So just refresh the record see if it okay. Unless the possibility was that the underlying field had been marked to ping and it hadn't gone initially like and then you came in and set it to false, I would try just clicking ping again and saving and see if that does it. I

Unknown Speaker  16:23
And if it still says, There we go. Okay.

Speaker 1  16:32
So for the most part, these guys, if they are zero,

Matthias Miller  16:41
there's their tax. Taxable with zero blank, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  16:53
These,

Speaker 1  16:55
these couple here, we just have to go figure out, okay, and if there's nothing, well, okay, here's a weird one. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  17:06
that one's probably the same thing, probably okay.

Unknown Speaker  17:11
So that should take care of that. Well,

Matthias Miller  17:13
hang on, that one has a state tax though, but it might have been manually,

Speaker 1  17:17
yeah, but it's a total like, it's not out. But why

Speaker 2  17:21
does that an adjustment, a taxable subtotal adjustment? Does

Unknown Speaker  17:28
that mean that tax exempt,

Speaker 1  17:32
right? And I'm understanding this number to be how much it would have changed from before.

Speaker 3  17:41
So it might, the first time, it's just the total of the sales order, yeah. But if it was a bad debt adjustment or something, then it could change, like,

Unknown Speaker  17:49
what these probably are, okay, okay,

Speaker 1  17:51
that's making sense. Um, then the other thing, the second part on the pinging, like I was changing some notes. Was the only thing I was doing, changing memo notes, and it was requiring a repaying. Is that still current or

Speaker 3  18:09
requiring a reading? Or did it just not have rates?

Speaker 1  18:14
Well, yeah, there was no rate. I mean it so it gives the, let's just take one of these. Oh, this tax exempt, but anyway, like it gives the rate field error for all three of these if they're not in, or it gives just the tax rate field error. And that one there, if I filled this one in, that tax rate field, was still showing an error. Yeah,

Speaker 3  18:46
because we want, we want you to ping to get the rates

Unknown Speaker  18:52
right.

Speaker 4  18:56
So yeah, but I feel like there's, there's a secondary issue here. I run into this a number of times. So this goes back to something I think Josh did for RTO contracts that. But you if it's a sales tax exempt sales order, it will actually clear out the sales tax rate, which, if you ping, go sales tax exempt and save, everything's fine, but if you come back in and try and save again, it has cleared out the sales tax field, which makes it validates saying there's no sales tax rate,

Speaker 1  19:34
right? Both. It's not that I made a change to the memo. It's because of

Unknown Speaker  19:41
the rate issue. Yeah,

Speaker 3  19:42
it's not related to the memo change. It's just that you're trying to save it.

Unknown Speaker  19:46
Okay, let me see. So

Speaker 1  19:48
if it's, if it's sales tax exempt, can we put zero in instead of clearing it out to make that not be an issue? Or is there. Something else we need.

Speaker 3  20:07
I'm just trying to see if I can find the code underneath the hood. What's going on. I mean, I think putting zeros in it sounds pretty reasonable.

Matthias Miller  20:21
Seth, what's the macro to see if a sales order is subject to the new tax step?

Speaker 3  20:34
It is so tax fields required, and it takes an import parameter.

Speaker 3  20:57
Okay, yeah, here I found his the on change to clear. Or, yeah, when we save the record, if it's tax exempt, then we clear the rate that should

Matthias Miller  21:09
Did you add it back in? I

Speaker 3  21:09
thought we'd removed it. I don't think I removed it. Oh, okay, I didn't remember this being a thing.

Speaker 4  21:18
This was a Josh thing. So this came about from some old sales tax stuff, where, when, when people come through to bill for the RTO company to for the billing the RTO company for this, for the contract that they would hit sales tax exempt, but the underlying sales tax rate would stay, and so the old sales tax reporting would still show like a 7% sales tax, but it wouldn't charge any dollars, and it just looked weird on on reporting. So Josh said, well, on change, if you select sales tax exempt, when you save it just clears out the rate. So we change that from clearing out the rate to putting in a zero. We're good,

Speaker 3  21:58
yeah, sounds good. And then we should probably we'll need to do that on the underlying the tax our fields as well that are filled on, like the county, city, state fields as well.

Unknown Speaker  22:16
Presumably, otherwise,

Unknown Speaker  22:18
we're going to get the validation that they're not matching.

Unknown Speaker  22:26
Is there any

Matthias Miller  22:30
any negative implications, like, once you generate your sales tax report all your tax exempt is going to be grouped separately, and you won't know which county section to report that in. Does that matter? Well,

Speaker 3  22:44
that and then yes as well, because Use tax is tax exempt, so we can't actually.

Matthias Miller  22:54
I mean, do you still use the old Can we just fix that report and not show rates of its tax exempt.

Unknown Speaker  23:03
Well, the old the old

Speaker 4  23:05
report, is that the old report is useless anymore, because we built sales tax module.

Matthias Miller  23:10
Okay, so then what I would do is, why couldn't we just here? Are all ones where sales tax here, let's put in so creation date. Here are all the ones where

Unknown Speaker  23:24
I shouldn't, well, it's too late. Now, let me make this smaller so you can actually see what's going on.

Matthias Miller  23:37
Like, here's all the sales orders that have validation issues, some of them going way back Seth, why would they be? Why would these be throwing errors?

Speaker 3  23:51
Because they're invoiced or canceled more recently, probably

Matthias Miller  23:58
invoiced. There you go. Okay. So, I mean, why not just go paying tax jar and all of these? Well, it's about 1000 of them. I don't know if you want to do that,

Unknown Speaker  24:16
but don't, don't. What

Speaker 3  24:19
I figure out is, if there's one problematic sales order in a batch you're trying to ping, they all fail, like you can ping many, many of them. But if there's one wrong one, I mean, one that doesn't go through for some reason, then none of them go through.

Matthias Miller  24:36
Can you create an extra if you create an X 30 that uses separate transactions. Oh, sure. Can you do that?

Unknown Speaker  24:45
Potentially open, yeah, there

Matthias Miller  24:56
do you have somebody in India who. Go, click, click buttons per day. I mean, you could do, you could do 100 at a time, and then, and then 50 and 25, and 10, and that's exactly what I did the last time.

Unknown Speaker  25:20
But either,

Matthias Miller  25:23
either way. Seth, can you make a note either way? We need to stop blinking, blinking at them, blinking them out. And then once that's live, then we need to

Unknown Speaker  25:33
need the ping. I

Matthias Miller  25:46
And are you going to be fine if this doesn't get resolved until Monday?

Unknown Speaker  25:54
Yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  26:00
Seth, I'll shoot every link to this,

Unknown Speaker  26:14
all right, and

Speaker 1  26:15
also on This, like it's still standing that if it was okay, maybe I should change the question. If it was invoiced before October 1 and it's canceled after october 1, how is this going to treat those in the reporting like, are we going to have that we're going to show that reduction in our October reporting, or is it just going to not?

Speaker 3  26:50
I think it's showing reduction, except for those ones that won't ping those. There's like eight sales orders that Josh was that I I could not get to paying like they fail every single time he said it's, Oh, Father that anyway, I can't see which eight it was anymore, because that report now has a whole bunch more. It's probably those tax exempt ones that are popping up now. Yeah,

Speaker 3  27:38
so once this so I did like we should get those eight to ping, I think says on right if, because you're wanting to have the report show ones that have been canceled, if they're canceled after 10, one,

Unknown Speaker  27:58
right? Well,

Speaker 1  28:02
we Yes, because yes we wanted to show because we have paid the sales tax on that, yeah, before already, so when we should be put picking up that reduction?

Speaker 3  28:14
Yeah, well, that last but work.

Unknown Speaker  28:21
Sorry, one more

Speaker 1  28:22
if. It doesn't work that way, we just need to know about it. Yeah, because we were going to manually figure out the difference prior to

Unknown Speaker  28:30
October 1, I'm

Speaker 3  28:34
trying to think it does. It will actually work if the sales order was canceled after october 1, but it was invoice before, like, but we

Matthias Miller  28:44
wouldn't have any if it was canceled. There's no delta, so there's not going to be any reversal.

Unknown Speaker  28:52
So it

Unknown Speaker  28:57
would have to be manually handled. I think,

Unknown Speaker  28:59
okay, because we

Unknown Speaker  29:05
go ahead, okay.

Speaker 3  29:06
We calculate it based off of we calculate the change how much we need to ask back based on how much we have already charged, which we don't know for these, Mm, hmm, old ones.

Unknown Speaker  29:19
So therefore it's just not going

Speaker 3  29:21
to do anything. If it was, can't if it's invoiced after, we're fine if it's canceled after, but invoice before I should, we should make a report of those, probably,

Unknown Speaker  29:34
so you're saying anything. Invoice prior to can one, our reporting will will completely ignore any on those invoice prior to 10. One

Unknown Speaker  29:49
will,

Speaker 2  29:52
like sales tax reporting doesn't know what we paid on those. Like, those are just handled, or does it? Are we are. We populating what is the field on sales order like? Is it sales tax history? Or we're not populating those fields,

Speaker 3  30:08
not for old ones at this point, we'd have to go get all the rates and everything as of which we can get as of the month, so there'd be more chance of it being inaccurate, right? So

Speaker 2  30:23
Drew Am I thinking about this correctly? Up to 10 one, we'll have to do the manual audit of like you have track of what we paid and what has changed on those sales orders, which would if we run that report that it will report that will show us any cancelations, any changes, you know, up or down. We can but, but, yeah, anything. Then after that will, like, when you go to file for October, what you have here is, is will be correct, yeah,

Speaker 1  31:01
if we had a report on invoices, invoice before October 1 and canceled after october 1, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  31:13
that

Speaker 1  31:14
would be that would be really helpful, yeah, um,

Unknown Speaker  31:21
otherwise,

Unknown Speaker  31:22
does your old report not show that?

Speaker 1  31:26
Yeah, that'll cancel agent is, is the old sales tax report still available? I mean, I did what was it two weeks ago. I printed out what that report said. So

Speaker 3  31:38
think I did anything to it? Yeah, it might not be on the menu anymore.

Unknown Speaker  31:44
It's no longer on the mail.

Unknown Speaker  31:45
I'll have to look. I could bring it back if we need it.

Speaker 2  31:48
Well, I'm thinking, do we need more than that? Like, basically, we have, here's what we paid

Unknown Speaker  31:54
and then, yeah, no, that's all we need. But Does,

Unknown Speaker  31:57
does that show cancelations like you would, it will,

Speaker 1  32:01
no it'll just not show them, right, right? So if they got canceled after the close of a month, we would have paid the sales tax on them because they were on the original report. And now, if we take a big, big period from first of the year to the to the september 30, it will say, Well, this one's canceled. Don't put it on sales tax report. So they'll get removed from that report. So then we'll then we'll see the difference between each month's reports as we went and this current total report, and it was,

Speaker 2  32:35
if there was a bad the subtotal change, or the there was a bad debt.

Speaker 1  32:41
Write off the bad debt. Write offs we have to get from our other debt report that he made. We get that from there. But if it's a sub total up or down that that will show too, because we'll just be looking for, you know, so if we larger totals amongst not necessarily for building.

Speaker 2  33:01
If we use that old report as of today for the first three quarters, the only thing that we would have to be careful with in the future is buildings that were invoiced prior to gen one and had some changes made since then, which are very rare, like probably the bad dad write offs going to have a few, probably what we say three months we won't collect on it. But that's either we just remember those, or we just it is what it is. We just pay the experts,

Speaker 1  33:34
yeah. I mean, even looking at the bad debt report, wasn't that much. It wasn't as much as, like, what is saved by doing it is actually not as big as I figured it would be.

Speaker 3  33:50
Is it? What information do you want? This is a report of ones that have been canceled since 10, one that were invoiced before,

Speaker 1  33:58
um, the sales tax amount would probably be like taxable or like the subtotal. I think it is subtotal in the sales tax, but mostly we'll just be looking at them to see what

Unknown Speaker  34:18
they are as well. So,

Unknown Speaker  34:22
but yeah, that should be, should we all need?

Speaker 2  34:30
So it's only these as of today, it's only these.

Speaker 1  34:37
Bullet, how do you invoice something and then eight months later, canceled to say,

Unknown Speaker  34:44
they say reality is stranger than fiction

Matthias Miller  34:47
or whatever. Yeah, because we made fiction to suit ourselves,

Speaker 1  34:54
I don't know it's like, I've enjoyed this thing all summer long. It's all it's all I needed for Hey, I'm. Okay, come

Unknown Speaker  35:01
and get your building back.

Speaker 2  35:19
I mean, could we? Could we? And could we also, should we also create a report very similar to this, that that says sales, orders, invoice prior to 10, one with a bad, dead rydo after that. Like, I don't know. Is it worth? Like, um, I

Unknown Speaker  35:38
think I can get that in my other Okay?

Unknown Speaker  35:55
Thought I had one for

Unknown Speaker  35:59
that, some or another.

Speaker 1  36:06
But I'm pretty sure we could find like bad debt is just simply an event that happens and is recorded, so it doesn't matter when the thing is invoiced.

Speaker 2  36:16
So all you're saying, our reporting will catch that regardless plan with invoice, because of the no

Speaker 1  36:23
it would have to be invoiced after 10 wants that we have pre existing tax history on it, but, but I'll be able to see in my report, I'll be able to find it in my report, and then We can look at it and say, Is this involved, or isn't it like we'll be able to see fairly easily whether it was invoice before after, whether it's included, or if it's something new that we need to add

Speaker 2  36:57
good so does that? Does that cover questions we had on sales tax report. Yeah, I think so. Okay, good. So let's move on to the improvements needed for tracking and accounting of retrieval buildings. So class I see you just send an email this morning. I

Speaker 2  37:26
um, oh, go ahead. Matthias, it looks you, instead of obviously, put quite a bit of thought into this on possible solutions you're saying. You know, doing this right is expensive, but it might still be worth doing. So I yeah, just walk us. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  37:43
take it from there. Sure, very, very big picture. How would you model retrievals? If you wanted to model retrievals correctly? How would you do it? I think the way you would do it is you would say you would keep all sales orders linked back to the st to the keep all sales orders linked back to the building, to always maintain that linking, and then just know this sales order was for the initial sale. Therefore the expenses at this cost basically link between, you'd have different, I don't know, almost like inventory events. You got the build in the and subsequent retrievals and sales orders get linked to those appropriate ones. So we know how to expense them out. Now you could also bend it, and that's the a alternative that I that I mentioned, you also theoretically use thin suffixes. So you know, dash r1 for the first retrieval, r2 r3 r4 for each time the RTO building makes its rounds. The the the challenge with that is that, okay, the nice thing about that is it, we can we then just create a new building record for subsequent retrievals. You set the cost. Everything works. The big trick is that, when you're searching for stins, you now need to think about, Well, is it, you know, is it an exact match, or is it just matching on the base stin and so you have to think through any, anytime we use stints in the system to look up buildings or also sales orders Because of linking you have to think through how, how should that exactly work? So I think this reminds me of the kind of thing the work that we did. And eons ago to split out sales orders or projects like that, where I don't know Josh goes into a hole and goes and does it, I think I don't know. The other way to do it is basically do what we have been doing and unlink them and just make sure I can walk through the I mean, just kind of walk through step by step, with the with the alternative approach is the biggest issue currently with the retrieval is when you unlink the original sales order from the building the building, when the building wants to expense out, or when wants to expense out. FGI. It looks at the sales order to determine when to do that, and so when you unlink it, we can no longer expense out. FGI. So we need a way to on the building records say, and for specific reasons, I think it's when you do a retrieval the sorry, let me take one more step back. I think this could be a manual process, if Dwayne is always the person who does it. He always does it carefully. Or we could make an automated process that does all this stuff, and it just works so but, but basically we would have a way on on the original FGI values to say this was the sales order that you should be looking at to determine when you should expense it out. So you basically freeze on the billing record. You freeze the original sales order and link it so that we know when to expense out the initial FGI. And then we also allow you so then you would unlink, unlike the sales order, if, for some reason, which I don't think should ever happen, but if, for some reason, the sales order had use tax, you should then take the building's cost and stick it into the into the wholesale, the raw materials cost on the sales order to freeze, to freeze that from that perspective, so we know what use tax. Well, actually that has other implications. I don't think we should allow retrievals or buildings with new stacks unless, unless we need to. And then, then we would have a so then, then you unlink. Now this goes into inventory and on this building, then on the building, then you would add a new raw material row with your buyback amount and and then the blank row would look at the latest sales order, or would look at the linked sales order. All that works if you do a second retrieval. It's the same process. You stomp in the sales order ID on that on that raw material cost. So it stays linked. You unlink the sales order, you and it goes back into inventory. And you can you add another raw material row and and you keep going. Can you, I think you could.

Speaker 2  43:24
Can you share your screen on, like, just open a bill. I think I'm tracking with what you're saying. And I like, I think, and it's just, you're just going into the finished goods inventory values and adding one additional field for Link, sales, order.

Unknown Speaker  43:48
So let's go

Unknown Speaker  43:49
pick an end building

Unknown Speaker  43:55
invoice.

Speaker 2  44:00
Oh, you probably have to kind of select or include complete. Oh,

Matthias Miller  44:05
include complete. Good point. Let's go back a bit and see if we can get one that's been more likely to have been built. There we go. There's one, all right, so here what you would do. Oh, okay, first, before you unlink, so under finished goods cost, we would have a column, so you take the the the sales order, and link each of these rows to that sales order. Then you would if, for some reason, it's used, use taxes, complicated looks like, let's not do that. And then you would add a new raw materials row, free. Standard cost is actual cost, and the standard cost would be, and I don't know what, how these things run, but standard cost of 6500 you. And I don't know we had to figure out what needs to happen with the rest of the road. I think I don't know if it can stay like this, or if you would have to actually fill it in like this. I don't really know, but one or the other, then

Speaker 2  45:16
you add, you would add a column, say, to the right for the first three that where you just like linking to an asset, you would link to a sales order correct. And this would, this would keep so you or make so you only have one spin in the system,

Unknown Speaker  45:36
correct.

Unknown Speaker  45:39
No,

Unknown Speaker  45:42
what would not work with this approach like,

Matthias Miller  45:46
Well, you better be sure you put notes on the original sales orders, or you're going to have fun trying to hunt them down, because there is no longer any any linking from the first time it was sold to well, actually, no, you would, you would have it in here, yeah,

Speaker 1  46:03
could you, like, if that is linked, could you make something show up on the sales order so it has this kind of blank,

Matthias Miller  46:15
you see, this building was retrieved,

Unknown Speaker  46:16
yeah, something like that.

Speaker 3  46:18
And you could pretty easily have a just a link to open the building, even if potentially

Matthias Miller  46:23
that's a good idea. Um,

Speaker 2  46:28
so this is a rather manual process, versus just walk us through the the other like the A option you you describe.

Matthias Miller  46:38
Okay, so let me go with a option. Um,

Unknown Speaker  46:42
you said this building was

Matthias Miller  46:45
so basically you would have retrievals in here. Sorry, not that's the you would have retrievals somewhere here. What's something I can hijack to pretend? And it's, I mean, maybe literally, this is probably not, right, a retrieval here, where then. So, so if you have a sales so you have the build date, okay, so, so then the sales order. If the sales order is between build date and before the first retrieval, obviously, that's the initial build. But you can't have more than one sales order in that time period. And then between retrieval one and retrieval two dates, you could automatically link which retrieval. It's force you put in here, put in the retrieval, put in the raw value, and and then you would then, then all sales orders would be linked. And I would expect, most of the time when we're looking for a single sales order, we would take you, well, I don't know, we would either take you to the latest or we'd show you all sales orders. I don't know. The challenge with that is that we assume that there's a single sales order, zero or one sales orders per building, and we also assume that there's a single Final Destination date, location, and I don't know the implications of breaking that assumption,

Unknown Speaker  48:16
the tasks or the building, yeah, the

Matthias Miller  48:18
strength test for the building, because the delivery date. Then, did you just clear the delivery date? I don't know once.

Speaker 6  48:29
Paul, you said zero or one. I've got sales. I've got buildings out there that have more than than two or three. Buildings that have been sold, came back, went out again. Have to come back and went out again. I think so don't, don't expect zero.

Matthias Miller  48:47
Well, I mean, I guess so, I guess we could see it didn't dig into it. I know there's a lot of places where we just, we're just expecting one.

Unknown Speaker  48:55
Could we

Speaker 2  48:58
Dwayne? You don't have a one of one such building off top of your head, like a customer name, where we could, we could look at the building and the transit task attached to it, and see what, how that was handled. Like Does, does one

Unknown Speaker  49:10
building just, yeah, no, not.

Speaker 6  49:12
I mean, not off the top of my head, not left without being in front of a computer. Well, I think I know there's some inventory. I think there's some buildings sitting at moxville that have, that have been repelled more than once.

Unknown Speaker  49:26
I think Matthias is saying the final authority,

Unknown Speaker  49:30
building, pass in the building. Yeah? Building.

Matthias Miller  49:37
So feel this is what I wanted. Yeah? Well, I know I should have just done it the other way, so you're smart. Just go ahead, drink your coffee and admit it,

Speaker 3  49:47
I don't have coffee yet. I got into the call to make coffee.

Matthias Miller  49:53
Okay, so stands in the X some field. I.

Unknown Speaker  50:01
Come on Seth, you gotta have priority.

Matthias Miller  50:04
Well, doing there. There are none that are literally linked to more than one. So, so it might have happened a number of times, but the old sales orders got unlinked. Yeah,

Speaker 6  50:17
correct. I mean, what I'm saying is if, if you're accounting for, you have to account for more than one linking, if you're going to come up with some way to keep buildings and sales orders linked?

Matthias Miller  50:26
Yes, I agree, which is part of the challenge. Yes, we're on the same page

Speaker 2  50:35
on all those buildings. Dwayne, do you have like you just keep adding transit tests like you have, you have multiple transit tasks. Like, if it's if it's retrieved three times, you would have three transit tasks going to a location type of customer,

Unknown Speaker  50:59
that's correct.

Unknown Speaker  51:03
Let's do this transit.

Matthias Miller  51:14
How about this? This? This looks like fun. I

Matthias Miller  51:23
let's find buildings that have been retrieved more than once, and let's also find out how many times they have been retrieved, not that if trains of type, is it retrieval. I

Matthias Miller  51:50
retrievals. And then let's sort by retrievals in reverse. Let's show number retrievals. All right. What do you guys think the record is? Okay? Well, it's just two,

Speaker 2  52:07
okay, so there, yeah, on the locations there, so we've got, okay. So, so it was,

Matthias Miller  52:21
isn't there a? Is there no longer a?

Matthias Miller  52:30
The delivery date is blank on this one. I

Unknown Speaker  52:47
this one.

Matthias Miller  52:56
But this one's linked to a i.

Matthias Miller  53:05
That one's linked to, to here, this one, the other one was linked to, like a news then post, post retrieval. Sorry, were you saying, Mark?

Speaker 2  53:20
Oh, I was just looking at that one like we show transit tasks. Are the locations going to customer multiple times, not on this one, but on the other one, we had the same building going to, I think, a different customer multiple times, right? Well, 223, and, wait a minute,

Unknown Speaker  53:44
maybe that's yeah.

Unknown Speaker  53:53
Well, so So you're

Speaker 2  53:59
what? What's the biggest concern with with the not I guess option B that you showed us, that you walked through first, or were you used fielding on the finished goods inventory drop down like or give us some idea on I guess size pros and cons.

Matthias Miller  54:24
Wildly going to say that it's two weeks of sets time and a little bit of mine, two to two to four weeks for wild, hand wavy numbers. I don't think it's more they'd be shocked if it's more than four, it might even be less than two, but I don't think it's I think it's actually the kind of thing that if Seth and I got our heads together and we decided. Block out a day to go do it. We could probably get it 90% done in a day, maybe even half a day. I don't know

Unknown Speaker  55:08
what about option A then, compared to that,

Matthias Miller  55:18
Option A is the doing the doing the retrievals on the building record and having more than one sales are linked.

Matthias Miller  55:36
I'm slightly terrified of that one just they can touch almost every part of the system, because we have this assumption that there's a one to one linking to sales order. And so in every case where we're looking up something off of from a building off of the sales order, we need to think through which one we're talking about.

Speaker 2  55:57
Would that then involve? Josh by debate, if we go that route.

Unknown Speaker  56:01
Yes,

Speaker 2  56:05
well, with what I'm hearing, I think option two would, would option B is what we should think about doing. It seems like the biggest issue there is just

Speaker 2  56:20
the manual steps needed to update that. I don't know. I mean, how much of that can you automate? Not automate, but I guess, enforced by how you or dictate by how you set that up.

Matthias Miller  56:37
Why would we not automate it?

Speaker 2  56:42
Oh, uh, we would as much as possible, I mean, so

Speaker 6  56:45
talk me through, walk me through the automation that would take place.

Matthias Miller  56:52
So if you're an administrator on the sales order, you would have a button that says, Create retrieval, and it would go, look at the building, stomp in your so Id over there, oh, it would, it would first ask you, okay, how much did you pay for your retrieval, your retrieved building? And you put in a number, and it goes and it and it stomps the so Id on, onto any pending FGI rows over in the on the on the building record, adds a new row for the raw material costs set up just perfectly so that all that gets handled perfectly. It, yeah, sorry, we need to think talk about accounting impact on this as well, but do that as it may. It deletes the building row from the sales order. If we want to handle use tax, it does magic for the use tax, but we wouldn't have to.

Speaker 6  57:57
Why would there be use tax on a on a RTO building.

Matthias Miller  58:01
It shouldn't be, yeah. And is there anything else, I think that's actually, I don't know. Are there things like, Do you need a clear delivery date on the original, original building? Yeah? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  58:20
yeah.

Speaker 2  58:26
Why would you need to do that? Why would you need to clear delivery date? I mean, the delivery still happened,

Speaker 6  58:33
yeah, but in order for it to show up as available to resell it, they can't have a delivery date.

Matthias Miller  58:39
Oh, the transit test would stay here, but this guy would get blanked out. Got it.

Speaker 1  58:46
But isn't that what triggers it to invoice like, does the invoice stay if you get rid of that deliver date,

Matthias Miller  58:56
yeah, we'll keep the invoice date.

Unknown Speaker  58:59
Oh, okay,

Unknown Speaker  59:01
so that would stay on there, even if it would blank out.

Matthias Miller  59:03
So in all these rows would stay

Speaker 2  59:09
it's just at this end would blank out up there, right? Yeah, just this would blank out, yeah. And then to invoice at the second time, what would trigger that to show up again for invoice. Would it be the

Matthias Miller  59:25
just delivery, delivery of a building? It'd just be like a lot building,

Speaker 2  59:33
okay, how would it know to use the second delivery date? Okay, no, be looking at, looks at open sales orders, and once that open sales order is tied to a, once that the spin for that open sales order is delivered to a location of cost part, then, okay,

Matthias Miller  59:56
right? Because we're looking at Silver, is there? Yeah. And then the the FGI on the building, the new FDI row in the building, would get expensed out, like if it's not linked, if those rows aren't linked, it just looks for the open sales order and uses that to determine when that should be expensed out. The the little gotcha is on the retrieval you are going to want to have your vendor invoice. This is, I guess we could actually you'll want the vendor invoice to pull from,

Matthias Miller  1:00:39
to be expensed to raw the raw materials account, so that when you do your fixed cost calculations, your raw materials total should be $6,500 higher, and then we subtract out The 660 $500 fixed cost of the building that was of this building, and it doesn't mess up your raw material numbers.

Speaker 2  1:01:14
Are we so when another thing that should happen is when you create a retrieval, you should also automatically create, maybe that's what you were saying, a vendor invoice like from Cricket Valley, from the RTO company that says, we have to pay those vendor invoice to the RTO company. Like, could we? Could we link that invoice, the line item on that invoice to the that FGI raw materials fakes cost. Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:01:47
think I think you should just expense it out to the

Unknown Speaker  1:01:58
expense

Matthias Miller  1:02:00
to roll, okay, I have another idea. Add a new finished goods cost called retrieval. Yeah. We need to make sure that we handle it, yeah. I mean, we need to make sure that we handle retrievals, go throughout the system and handle retrievals. Makes it a little bit more complicated on on this end, but, but then we can control how accounting impact works for retrievals. And you would, well, I don't know, though, exactly, sorry. Let's go back to the vendor invoice. I'm jumping around too much on the vendor invoice. You want to the building becomes an asset, a finished, good asset. I and so, if we had this so we could do this one of two ways, but if we had a retrieval FGI category, I think that actually makes the most sense. And then, and then, it would assume that the vendor invoice, put it into, put it into FGI, and then the only thing that would happen is it would take it out of FGI. Well, it would expense it, take it out of FGI and expense it when it's sold. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:53
I think that's a good idea.

Matthias Miller  1:03:58
Now we could take it one step further. I don't know that we need to wait, okay, but now this is fun. There's no reason for this to be in the FTI category. This could just be a retrieval.

Speaker 2  1:04:22
Here. You're saying retrieval as in the field on the building, or in accounting,

Matthias Miller  1:04:28
we could have a separate RG on on the building for retrievals. It would have the date and the amount.

Speaker 2  1:04:43
So would you still, now, would you still what would be real nice on the accounting side is if we would have, if retrievals could it, in some ways, if they could have their own account? I think that's probably a lot of work, but like, have their own. Separate account. And whenever you sell a retrieved building, it just knows to expense to lower that account instead of finished goods inventory

Matthias Miller  1:05:09
account, so you would have a separate asset account for retrievals.

Speaker 2  1:05:13
Yeah. Now, if that's a lot, I mean, that would allow us, no, no, that's easy, but, but can you use all the same mechanisms to, oh, you're just saying, with a retrieval building. Then instead of lowering the FGI account, you'd lower the retrieval account. But if you look at our balance sheet right now, you'll see we tried to do this with what we call FDI purchases, I think, which works fine on when you're buying bank retrievals, it just does not work well, it doesn't expense that when you sell it,

Matthias Miller  1:05:56
right? Well, it's just getting really good.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:00
But so why are you wanting them separate?

Unknown Speaker  1:06:04
Well, just for management purposes like

Speaker 1  1:06:08
and see on there, how many buildings you bought by how many of sitting?

Speaker 2  1:06:12
Yeah. I mean, I don't have a strong preference. If you tell me that's a lot more work Matthias that I would

Matthias Miller  1:06:20
No, it's not a lot more work. I really like this, because this really is about when you built the building, and it really has nothing to do with standard cost, standard versus actual cost calculation. I so we have retrieval asset account, retrieval expense account field with sales order ID, or multiple retrievals.

Speaker 2  1:06:54
Oh, when you say a retrieval expense account, you're saying, in addition to the to the cogs, the three cogs accounts we have. We now have a fourth for retrieval buildings, or whatever

Matthias Miller  1:07:07
you could Yes.

Speaker 2  1:07:12
Okay, that could be, yeah, well,

Speaker 1  1:07:16
it wouldn't like when you actually, when you buy the building, you're putting it in the asset account. So the vendor invoices the asset account. When the building's sold, it would get moved from asset account to the cost of goods again,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:30
Yep, yeah, but

Speaker 2  1:07:33
it would have its own so accounts within 100 cost of goods, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:07:49
Now one, I don't know if we want to do this,

Matthias Miller  1:07:57
probably too much magic, but we could link from the from the if we would create the vendor invoice first for the retrieval, we could link from the building to the vendor invoice and say, here's here's The date of retrieval, here's the vendor invoice. It pulls that

Unknown Speaker  1:08:26
and

Matthias Miller  1:08:31
uses that, I don't know if you want to do that, uses that to determine the cost of I don't know. I don't think you want to do that. I think that gets

Speaker 2  1:08:41
we have to keep in mind, we don't do this very often. I don't know, Dwayne what across all three companies, what we have three retrievals per month.

Speaker 6  1:08:58
That's probably fair. It goes vice person by jumps and jerks. Sometimes we have normal,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:09
I would say,

Speaker 2  1:09:15
I mean, the the, the other thing that I don't notice is, is this, is cloud, this whole picture, but we also have some buildings where we're buying where they're just like we're buying some greenhouses.

Speaker 2  1:09:35
We're buying greenhouses, putting them into our inventory and then selling them. And the way we've been handling those is just putting them in finished goods inventory, just the probably the only thing that bothers me with that approach is it's somewhat manual, and we're also correct if I'm wrong. But. I think we're entering the build date, as of the day we purchase. So if we look at, if we look at production reporting, historically, it looks like we also, you know, we suddenly built more buildings because we bought these buildings.

Speaker 1  1:10:20
So could the vendor invoice for those buildings just do the same thing? It just wouldn't have the prior FGI. It would just give this, you know, the same thing as a retrieval. You just, oh, retrieved it from the greenhouse manufacturer.

Speaker 2  1:10:33
Retrieval. Or maybe, maybe it's just as easy to do, you know, retrieval and purchases. Yeah, like building purchases. I

Matthias Miller  1:10:46
mean, what do we just call them? Either way they're building purchases. So it could be something like a it could be a finished good, it could just be a purchase.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:54
The difference in the behavior between the two is, if it's a retrieval, it needs to do some I uh, keep, keep, uh, previous links intact, clear delivery date and stuff, and it's just the purchase.

Speaker 1  1:11:12
There's just nothing there. Clears the links like it can still go through the motions. It just there's

Speaker 2  1:11:17
nothing there to do. Oh, sure. So is that, and would we want, like, if it's if it's easier, we would probably, or just as easy, we'd probably do a have an account for retrievals and also sure FGI purchases, sure. But if that's, I don't know, what's your thoughts? Does that complicated a lot, or is that something that could could be done alongside?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:51
I might go back.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:56
I think here's what I would do.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:02
He also didn't see

Matthias Miller  1:12:57
actually, this could be simpler than this. This could be i

Matthias Miller  1:13:14
i mean you can literally call them green greenhouses. I

Matthias Miller  1:14:17
Okay, so you would configure, you'd be able to configure these guys, and you would set the type, is this? Is this manufactured, or is it a purchase of a finished good, raw materials, protection, labor and protection overhead are all manufactured greenhouses and retrievals to be purchased a finished good, there is no, there really, none of this stuff. None of the actual costing really matters for greenhouse. And retrievals.

Matthias Miller  1:15:10
Anything that would work. I think that should work fine. I think I'm back to saying, let's throw everything in the FGI category and just we'll use configuration records like that to keep keep things working.

Speaker 2  1:15:25
Oh, rather than doing a retrieval section, you put everything in the finished goods section,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:31
yeah,

Speaker 2  1:15:32
and can you start with? It seems to me like the proper workflow would be to start with the vendor invoice. If you have a vendor invoice, well, ways, where you, you're you're buying back, where you have a retrieved building. Well, I don't know. I think that's the wrong workflow, though, Dwayne, you can like it. When you do a retrieval, you bring back the bill, and you try to sell it, and then 234, weeks later, you probably get the invoice from the RTO company. Is that, like getting the invoice from the RTO company is not Milwaukee, not the first step in the process. Typically,

Matthias Miller  1:16:20
that's right. So you won't even know the price. Are you going to know the price before you put it into inventory? No,

Speaker 6  1:16:35
yeah, because what? What So, and the reason being is a building gets issued for repo, the customer may pay for that building yet. So nothing happens. Nothing happens from that building standpoint, until it's put on the trailer and brought back to the lot, and that's when it starts to generate that the dealer wants to resell that building. The first step is to make sure that they have it visible for them to sell it, which I

Matthias Miller  1:17:09
could you okay? I have a proposal that we postpone anything to do with retrieval automation. And if you guys want retrieval automation, then you should tell us exactly what the business process is and what happens when, and and how are you going to make sure that the cost gets put into the building and all of that, and then we'll figure out how to

Unknown Speaker  1:17:34
automate it. Wise words.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:36
You

Speaker 6  1:17:38
Well, hang on before, before you tip the bucket over and run away at the point that we are splitting that sales order from the building, we could, we could generate the price, the buyback price at that point, like it would slow down the process ever so slightly. But I don't think, I think the process you were proposing is solid.

Speaker 2  1:18:06
Okay, Dwayne, are you saying if you don't have it, if you don't have an action, if you don't have the price? Well, okay, your office is, is calculating that price for the buyback anyway, is it not That's

Speaker 6  1:18:22
right, that's right, sure. But I mean, okay, to not split hairs, but the process starts with the sales order. It doesn't start with the vendor invoice, so as long as, but it, but if, if we can, there's no reason that we can't know at the point of, of splitting the sales order in the building. There's no reason we can't know the buyback price at that point. We just it. May it may delay that by a day before we can show it up on inventory for the dealer. But oh, well, let's, let's, let's keep the process moving. I was not unhappy with the process you were proposing before

Matthias Miller  1:19:00
freaking Valley will also come knocking on your door if you ever forget to create the vendor invoice. I'm not worried about the vendor invoice not happening.

Speaker 2  1:19:16
So if you're just you're forcing us to enter a buyback price as

Unknown Speaker  1:19:24
part of the process, as part of the automation split.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:26
I don't have no problem with

Unknown Speaker  1:19:29
that. I like that. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:19:35
I think we have a if that's the case, we've got our we've got what we need. So

Speaker 2  1:19:47
are we still at two to four weeks with with the changes we've discussed? Or we

Unknown Speaker  1:19:51
don't know

Matthias Miller  1:19:55
if Seth and I pair program it. It's a week or two. Seth, do you my optimism? Please?

Speaker 3  1:20:15
I don't think it that's ridiculous, although I also just don't know the thing, the FGI and where all that goes. I haven't really worked with that. So

Matthias Miller  1:20:27
I think peer programming is a great thing, both for for speed and for training, for Seth and to gain familiarity. So I would say that contingent on, I mean, well, basically, ultimately, on my availability amidst other commitments and with Thanksgiving coming up, but,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:53
but, yeah, okay, well,

Speaker 2  1:20:57
I don't know if you're going to, I mean, are you going to detail This out more than that or not, but either way, if not, obviously, yeah, you're going to send out a scope or a it's an, you know, your estimate of one to two weeks compared programming this. And then I think we'll have to figure out where this needs to be in priority,

Matthias Miller  1:21:28
yeah, oh, I do have a few more questions.

Matthias Miller  1:21:36
This we answered on the FGI inventory. Do you show the original inventory amount, or do you show the retrieved inventory amount

Unknown Speaker  1:21:46
on the FDI inventory,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:51
it should be the retrieved amount. So, so

Speaker 2  1:21:53
when it's sold the first time it goes out of FDI inventory,

Matthias Miller  1:21:57
well, no, I mean, on the you've got, you have some kind of finished goods. This, this report.

Speaker 2  1:22:02
Oh, yeah, Drew, you're right, yeah, it needs to show, okay. This is, you create this on an as update, well. This is so if, if you have a building that was, that was okay. Let's say there's a building that was built in March of this year and then delivered in April. So as of March, it would show the cost to build it, say $7,000 and then in October, it's retrieved and we buy it back for $6,000 then, yeah, you look at your finished consent inventory as of that date, then it should show $6,000

Matthias Miller  1:22:52
well. And if you want to take it even further than technically, if, if you what's, what's one of your costs that you handle quarterly

Unknown Speaker  1:23:06
production overhead? And there's

Matthias Miller  1:23:10
just big production overhead. So technically, if you have a building that you sold in Q, q3 you know, so then you run, run it. Run the FDI in September. Then your FTI value should show one amount. Then you freeze production overhead, actual costs, and it's still in production. Then you rerun that as of, you know, November 1, that building should now be a different date, or should, should show a different amount, because you've actually calculated the proper production

Speaker 2  1:23:51
ever had? Yeah, I think that's what's happening right now. I guess I haven't,

Matthias Miller  1:23:54
not with this report. It's

Speaker 2  1:23:56
not, oh, it's not, but, but on the building and on the accounting impact. It is like on the billing record itself. It is

Matthias Miller  1:24:04
an accounting it is,

Unknown Speaker  1:24:05
what is this finished goods? Where's this finished goods? Cause coming from?

Matthias Miller  1:24:10
We're freezing it some. Well, I think somewhere we're freezing it, okay, somewhere. Sometimes you

Speaker 2  1:24:16
open the finished goods cost from, is it the amount you're seeing at the time there the 64 Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:24:21
it's this one. So

Unknown Speaker  1:24:23
can we just make that one update with changes?

Matthias Miller  1:24:31
So it means the as of date on a retrieval. When you make a retrieval and you do an FGI report, okay, you build in March, you retrieve in September. You run an FDI report in June, it shows the build value. You retrieve it. We stomp in a new FDI value. Now, when you rerun the June FDI report, it's going to show the retrieval inventory amount, not the. It originally built inventory now, well,

Speaker 2  1:25:06
but if you run it as of June, it shouldn't be on that report at all, because it was, let's say it was built and delivered in assuming it was built in in March, built and delivered in March, then between March and

Matthias Miller  1:25:20
November. Okay, well, let's say it was built in March, delivered in June. It's a lot building retrieved in September. So, so you here, let's do this, built

Unknown Speaker  1:25:36
March, reported April,

Matthias Miller  1:25:44
delivered, June. Here, I'm going to make this a comment so it doesn't stop riping at me. And delivered, retrieved, June, August. So here we set the set

Unknown Speaker  1:26:07
cost to

Matthias Miller  1:26:10
we're just like six, $6,000 and now it shows in the report as, and then we deliver it so it goes off, goes off, FDI, we retrieve it for 7500 and now we run Reports.

Matthias Miller  1:26:37
So let's rerun report as of April shows as 7500

Speaker 1  1:26:47
that would be because the retrieval stopped in that amount. So that's what, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:27:00
So we can change it, to handle it. It just needs to be. I mean, we just need to do it.

Speaker 2  1:27:09
Well, I think matches, okay, here's, here's one thing that's on our radar to have done by end of year is so, so when we go to right now, I believe on the balance sheet our finished goods inventory value is correct. But we we should be we should be able to go and Okay, so as of 1031 our finished goods inventory should have 1.5 million. We should be able to go to the finished goods inventory report as of that day and have a total 10.1 point 5 million, right? So that we can break those numbers. And right now there, there's other reasons, but right now it's not matching. So even before,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:04
so then I'm

Matthias Miller  1:28:05
wondering something.

Speaker 2  1:28:11
Okay right now, part of the reason they're not matching is, after we apply actual costs, we're not grabbing that updated price on the finished container report, right?

Matthias Miller  1:28:28
All right, so let's do a here's the oops. That's not what I was looking for to find this guy. I

Matthias Miller  1:28:44
so we want the stored inventory value,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:48
and we want this guy.

Matthias Miller  1:28:53
And then we also have third method.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:00
Yeah, there a point, hey, what's the EPA on the rig? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:18
the district, District being building API district. I

Matthias Miller  1:29:34
mean, like, here's a fun one,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:40
building built date.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:48
Well, that's weird.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:54
Why do we always run into these weird ones? I.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:04
I think you quite the actual clause.

Matthias Miller  1:30:09
Somebody market is built back on June 17, after having been in the system for

Unknown Speaker  1:30:16
a year.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:22
Those are probably supposed to be just 2324

Speaker 1  1:30:33
I mean, it was all to the to the customer before it was built.

Speaker 2  1:30:37
There's something wrong with that dude. Okay, wait,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:42
this is a different

Matthias Miller  1:30:43
one. Good. There's a new one now. I mean, so it looks like, okay, so let's do,

Matthias Miller  1:30:59
I don't know it looks like there's some things to clean up. I don't I have no idea.

Matthias Miller  1:31:12
But here we have one where these add up to 1919, 4764 but the finished goods cost is, but is this the case for Okay, SDI buildings? That's all right. Yeah, she has direct, direct buildings. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:31:44
do those have a frozen finished goods cost? No, they should be using this. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:31:55
would the variation? I mean, the variations,

Unknown Speaker  1:32:00
whatever it's called,

Speaker 1  1:32:04
like, at the end of the month that we apply the costs, yeah, would that be applied to this and be figured in without changing that

Unknown Speaker  1:32:16
FGI report there? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:32:19
I'm wondering wondering how this thing is actually used.

Matthias Miller  1:32:32
Something just seems really wrong about it.

Speaker 2  1:32:39
Are you guys good to continue going for a little bit. Think we are alive and or do we need to

Matthias Miller  1:32:47
let me? Let me do.

Matthias Miller  1:32:55
We should? We should probably either way. We should probably wrap for both of our sakes, I like here. Here is a here's a non. This is a district X building with a FGI cost that's different than than what shows in here. So I think that the simple thing is I

Unknown Speaker  1:33:44
sorry. I think,

Speaker 2  1:33:50
I think that that finished goods inventory report, the only thing we need that is to validate, like, you know, for management purposes, like, here is what we here is the 1.5 broken down into buildings,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:04
sure.

Matthias Miller  1:34:09
Well, in theoretically, the account balance diagnostic, should that thing still works? Should do the same thing? But and so

Speaker 2  1:34:19
with the way we're going here, if you're going back to the FGI category where you have retrieval, we should also, we should add a column on that report that a lot that shows us whether it's a retrieval or a manufactured building. I

Speaker 2  1:34:46
I mean, it could just show maybe the easiest thing is just have a column and the only it's only populated if it's a purchase of finished goods, otherwise it's just blank. Sure, whatever. I mean, I. Just so we could, okay, and you're going back to with this change, you're going back to using the same asset and expense account, keeping everything within finished

Matthias Miller  1:35:17
well, you can, no you can.

Matthias Miller  1:35:29
So the main thing would be that there would not be any source account. Do you have FDI destination, which would be retrievals, and then you would, you would still say where you want to expense it out. You still put it wherever you want to got it.

Speaker 2  1:35:58
You're adding a new FDI cost category, which is purchase building or whatever.

Speaker 2  1:36:08
But, and we're saying we would group, would we at one or two? Would we consolidate, say, the greenhouses or the retrievals here with those up to you. Okay?

Matthias Miller  1:36:25
Like, if you guys wanted to start selling, I mean, hey, if you want to start selling plastic sheds from Lowe's, you can have a plastic shed category.

Speaker 1  1:36:38
But basically, we could just have retrievals. We could have purchased buildings and then, yeah, we want to report them separately, in separate asset and expense accounts. We can

Unknown Speaker  1:36:51
do that here. Good. So

Unknown Speaker  1:36:58
I guess just real quick before we wrap is there anything like we need to decide priority on this? I think we have a good design on this. But do we?

Speaker 2  1:37:18
Is there anything you need from us as far as priorities and what you're working on this week, or like priorities for from us on what what's most important or not, guys,

Speaker 3  1:37:36
you'll send an updated list. And I had sent the job Joel handed off to me about excluding adding exclusion for closing transactions

Unknown Speaker  1:37:48
from,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:50
I forget what all reports.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:53
Oh, I have that list number eight, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:37:56
yeah, what he was thinking that should probably be done before end of year. But for end it, for your end of year reporting, I guess no,

Speaker 1  1:38:11
which of these paper cut projects are actually done?

Speaker 3  1:38:17
Um, which list are you looking at? Is it the one that sent was sent like last week sometime?

Speaker 2  1:38:21
No, the one that was sent this morning. I didn't see

Unknown Speaker  1:38:25
one this morning. You

Unknown Speaker  1:38:29
should have gotten an email about 930

Unknown Speaker  1:38:31
Oh, there it is. He

Unknown Speaker  1:38:32
was too late. No,

Matthias Miller  1:38:34
you can have his copy

Speaker 3  1:38:38
now. The only email I got from you was saying a reply, saying that this job that I was just talking about is on schedule for today's meeting,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:47
if I fail to send it to you.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:49
Oh yeah, no,

Speaker 2  1:38:51
it's in there. Wow, that that's just a PDF. Doesn't mean I so one is, is done. I think that's again, just that was, that was pretty amazing. We talked about a fix one day, and within, I don't know, 3640 hours, it was live. So we don't think you could do that with a lot of your off the shelf software. I so

Speaker 3  1:39:24
number two is done. Number three is done. That's the one Drew. Can scream about,

Speaker 2  1:39:30
okay, yeah, um, those are done. And live or No, three is live, right? Three is

Speaker 3  1:39:37
not live until, until the next update. But it's too live. Um, yes, okay, okay, let me

Unknown Speaker  1:39:56
so from 445, say. Six, no, four or 545.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:03
Are new. Yeah, I

Speaker 3  1:40:04
was gonna say those don't look familiar. I'm just trying to see. I can just have a report to see which ones I have jobs written out for

Speaker 3  1:40:22
you. Had had, where's the depreciation on number seven, okay, that one's done, and filtering by vendor on the purchase order report.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:40
Is that not on there anymore? Number 12? No, not that, that

Speaker 2  1:40:45
one. Oh, no. I took that off because I think that was Yeah. I, I asked Josh about that, and he said, it's a Yeah, it'd be perfect for, you know, a project for you, but he wanted to explore with possibly starting to put this, these projects, into my incidents now that he's made so that and start tracking that within assist now that he's made, so that we can use assist on Our class. Got Sure,

Speaker 3  1:41:21
so I did the I did that one. The filter by vendor

Unknown Speaker  1:41:26
is that live as well? Let me see,

Speaker 2  1:41:36
I guess that end it should be, yeah, okay, that was, that was the option to, okay, maybe I'm thinking about the wrong thing. But based what was the one you were, you did. You said, is done.

Speaker 3  1:41:58
You had asked to add a vendor as prompt to the purchase order report.

Speaker 2  1:42:07
Where you go to purchase orders, you select a vendor, and you get all of the Yeah. I was thinking that is not, was not yet live. But if it's not, you're saying it should be live at the next update. Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:42:20
Let me see okay. It doesn't look like it is. I'm wondering that maybe he didn't update last weekend. I bet he didn't okay. He he updated Thursday, and then I made those changes Friday. I

Speaker 3  1:42:43
so the switching. Let me check the debit, credit switch. I think that one did. I did that one Thursday, so that one should be live

Unknown Speaker  1:42:56
Raven room.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:56
Hey,

Matthias Miller  1:43:02
can I can I make something? Make the host? Can I drop off and get the get this design put together and send out? Do you guys need me for anything else? Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:43:18
I mean the meeting Corey for the week of Thanksgiving, should we sure? I would probably vote to try and do that, if it works for everyone's schedule. Could be just maybe try to keep it to a 60 minute meeting, but

Unknown Speaker  1:43:35
anything on the 28th or

Unknown Speaker  1:43:39
No, yeah, the 11th or talk,

Speaker 2  1:43:43
I would say probably Tuesday. What works for you Would you rather be? I'm

Speaker 1  1:43:50
going to be in the area, so any of the beginning days of the week worked for me, Tuesday

Unknown Speaker  1:43:55
or away. Okay? For me,

Matthias Miller  1:44:00
preferably not Wednesday here, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:44:04
so and if it's Monday for me, it'd have to be for noon, not afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:11
So Monday at, like at 930

Matthias Miller  1:44:21
are you doing an hour? Hour and a half?

Speaker 2  1:44:23
I was thinking keeping it to an hour. Would you rather do 10? No, if

Matthias Miller  1:44:28
we can do, if we can do an hour, we're gonna do 930 to 1030 okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:31
and that would be

Unknown Speaker  1:44:34
the 25th fifth. Yes, 1125,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:40
930 to 10 to be good. All

Unknown Speaker  1:44:42
right, I will send out the invite. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:46
all right, awesome. Thank you guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:58
So Seth, um. Do you have any other updates

Unknown Speaker  1:45:05
on them,

Speaker 3  1:45:08
on which the paper cut stuff? Yeah, so I think that's all I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:45:13
me double check.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:17
Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 3  1:45:22
So I guess you put the exclusion of closing transactions on the list, then that one, I think, is a decent bit of work to actually get it. I had started on it several months ago, a little bit of the framework, but then actually working on the reporting making, so we exclude closing transactions will be, will be, will definitely be some work, probably not as big as the, well, yeah, not as big as the retrieval stuff that We're talking about. But I would expect several days. Well,

Speaker 2  1:46:03
I think looking at what we have, what we need by interview, I think number five, the 1099, filing, which drew, put together some specs, and the bias had, I believe, specked out earlier, is probably the thing we need. Both, you agree with that drew,

Speaker 5  1:46:22
yeah, because payments of cancelation, appreciation, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:46:30
I would say so. And that's a new one,

Speaker 1  1:46:33
yeah, yeah, I believe so. I think Matthias has some spec. I know we've talked about it. He's actually done some work, but we don't have a report, as far as I know. But some of the background fielding stuff is already in place,

Speaker 2  1:46:49
so it's why don't we? I mean, unless we want to look at it now, but since Matthias has done some work with this, why don't you, and Matthias get, I mean, basically treat this as the top priority for sure,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:03
the 1099, one,

Speaker 2  1:47:04
yeah, and drew. Why don't you just forward this dip to the inside address? Yeah, Drew will send you the the specs he put together. But there's also, yeah, Matthias had done some work on this. I'd say, if you want to get with Matthias and just reach out to you have questions, sure, I would say that's the top priority. As far as

Unknown Speaker  1:47:34
Do you?

Speaker 2  1:47:38
I guess, do you need more than that from us, like for I expect that's going to be a fair bit of work. But do you need priority on other projects as well? You know, between? I

Speaker 3  1:47:57
mean, I don't think so. Basically, treat the 299, one is top priority. And then if that gets done, then I'll do a little bit of other stuff. But yeah, yeah, that sounds good. I was also transaction reconciliation. I there was a fair, a big rework. What was it several months ago, and I was just seeing that we have your report shows the main pain and then sub pain beneath it. And we have another transaction reconciliation report that's very similar, I mean, basically just has an extra pain that shows the rows the transaction, actual transaction rows, like if you select, I should just open one up. So share screen quick. This is the test system. So I don't know the data might be weird, but basically it would show if you would select this row, then okay, this pane would have to move up here, and then there's a pain down here that shows that would show this transaction line. Do you I think it would, reason I'm asked, is it would clean up the code if your report was the same as the other one, that way we things for sure stay in sync. So the only change would be that you would now have another pain on this report that would show the transaction row. That

Speaker 5  1:49:47
should be fine. I mean, as long as it is going to make it like slower or something, no, it shouldn't,

Speaker 1  1:49:57
that's fine. And when you were talking about in that email. L the unreconciled payment total

Unknown Speaker  1:50:03
column.

Speaker 1  1:50:04
I mean, I just about never use that thing, because our check payment system handles it like I've kind of put in before we had the check payments handling. Do

Unknown Speaker  1:50:15
you even want it?

Speaker 1  1:50:18
Well, I mean, at this point, I'm making credit card payments. I don't think it helps with that, but I'm making credit card payments where I make one payment for multiple invoices. This thing doesn't know that I made that one transaction for multiples, like, it doesn't handle it, and I don't think that it's even going to help for that. What I do is I just put the amount, I just give all of those invoices the same reference number for the payment, so that they all come together. But the, you know, the credits for like West fall aggregate, if I paid that with the same transaction as another West fall aggregate one, they'd be split out separately, and it's not going to be on my on my statement. But I think that column could just go away, because I don't even think it's helpful for that okay, situation,

Speaker 3  1:51:23
okay, yeah, because we were, I mean, I was doing, again, doing some cleanup from the that transaction reconciliation rework, because there was a few pieces they hadn't quite wrapped up, and this column was one of the problematic ones that so if we could just remove it, That would be great. I think we got it. We Matthias And I spent like 10 minutes on I think we have it where it would work. But if it's not something we need, it'd be better just to get rid of

Unknown Speaker  1:51:50
it. Okay, then let's just get rid of it. Okay, sounds good.

Speaker 3  1:51:56
Okay. Well, then do you want to just drop the put the transaction, this extra pain thing on in the list of paper cut projects somewhere.

Speaker 2  1:52:06
It doesn't just what should I call it?

Speaker 3  1:52:10
Transaction reconciliation, add transaction row pain or something like that. I don't know. I don't know if that's clear for you or not.

Speaker 2  1:52:25
Add transaction, role, pain, okay, yeah, I can do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:40
Do it.

Speaker 3  1:52:41
Okay, that's all I have. All right,

Unknown Speaker  1:52:46
good. Think that's all we had. I

Speaker 3  1:52:48
just fan off my desk. So if there was a loud rattle, that's what it was. I don't know if you heard it or not. Okay, so my headset must work pretty well.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:01
Yeah, no, we didn't hear anything extra because

Speaker 3  1:53:03
I it was loud. I knocked I have a little fan sitting on my desk, and I knocked it off. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:53:12
okay, okay, all right, good. Thank you. Thank you. Thank

Unknown Speaker  1:53:14
you very much. Yep, you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai