Unknown Speaker  00:35
What's happening?

Unknown Speaker  00:36
Hey,

Unknown Speaker  00:38
you. You are in North Carolina, right?

Matthias Miller  00:42
I'm in Colorado. Oh,

Speaker 1  00:45
what I think you're like in Asheville, North Carolina or something?

Matthias Miller  00:49
I've been through there. Had a sister who used to live there, but nope,

Speaker 1  00:56
where? When we talked before, you haven't moved you're in the same place, right?

Unknown Speaker  01:00
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:01
we're in Colorado again,

Matthias Miller  01:03
Canyon City.

Unknown Speaker  01:04
Help me? Where is that? It's

Matthias Miller  01:07
It's On Us, 5020, minutes of the Royal Gorge, southwest of Colorado Springs, one hour south of Denver. Two hours

Speaker 1  01:17
is that where that big bridge is? Yeah, I went there in April. I took pictures there with my son in April. That's

Matthias Miller  01:29
crazy, man, yeah, that's like 20 minutes from my house and my office.

Speaker 1  01:35
That is a cool it is like nowhereville. I mean, there's nothing out there, and then all of a sudden you get this cool history lesson. It was awesome.

Matthias Miller  01:45
Yeah, did you guys, do you take the train ride? Do any of that, that stuff? We literally

Speaker 1  01:50
had a couple hours and and I and my son lives in Colorado Springs, and I'm like, what's something that we could just go do for a few hours and just hang out and talk and and he's and he said this place, I'm like, Alright, let's go. And we just drove down there. And then we we went and we took pictures and video. And I'm a little scared of heights, so I couldn't look over very long. It was a little scary, yeah, but it was great. Yeah, well, it's good to know that you live there.

Matthias Miller  02:25
Yeah, you next time you visit your son. Let me know. I can swing up there. You can swing down here. We can meet up somewhere. Yeah,

Speaker 1  02:32
it'll be, uh, well, I'll next time I'm going out there is in March, so I can definitely look you up.

Unknown Speaker  02:38
Cool. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  02:40
So, you know, the reason I'm I'm just wanting to ask some specific questions about this. I didn't some of the stuff I didn't really get into in my hot seat because it's not the right environment, but, but I wanted to ask you some questions, but I wanted you to ask me any questions you might have before I like you. I don't even know like I don't know what I don't know. That's why I'm talking to you.

Matthias Miller  03:10
Well, well, I mean, I think let's establish big picture first. Big Picture first is, are you looking to build or to partner?

Speaker 1  03:21
I know everybody says, don't start from scratch, blah, blah, blah, blah, I'm okay with that, if we start small and have very specific this is the problem. This is solution. And what I'm envisioning is not that complicated. It's pretty simple, yeah. And so if it's okay with you, I'd like to share you what, what, what I'm like, what I'm thinking. And you tell me, terrible idea, awesome idea, this. You could do it for really cheap. You could do it for a lot of money. I don't you know is that? Is that the best way to have this conversation? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:02
go for it. Just start spewing and I'll start asking questions when I and I'll jump in and interrupt and vice versa. Well, it's

Speaker 1  04:09
Bitcoin related. And my whole premise is the, I would like to call this software Bitcoin first, and I would like to have just it's modeled after the strategy of profit first. I don't know if you're familiar with those guys, with Michael and

Matthias Miller  04:31
you are loosely, loosely, yep.

Speaker 1  04:33
So, so his whole thing is, and he and he sold a lot of my accountants, some stuff over the years, and they promote it, but basically what they do is, Hey, pay yourself first out of the out of the gate, and then you have other things that you do with the money that week. But every week, you make sure you set aside money to pay yourself first Profit First goes to the owner. That's what that the premise of the. There that thing? Well, my whole, my whole consulting coaching, my it's so simple, it's Buy Bitcoin and hold it. And so I my coaching and consulting is. Okay, you don't have any more money. Let me show you how to make more money. And we're going to take profit and buy bitcoin with it. And my whole job is to help you grow cash every week. And then we're going to take 10% and if you can do 20% great, but we're going to put it into Bitcoin, and we're going to, that's all the that's all we're going to do. And I'm targeting 5055, 60 year old guys, men and women, I guess. But people that there, there are millions of entrepreneurs and business owners that did do not have a nest egg, or they're way behind on putting away for retirement. And all I'm saying is you gotta fix that, and you and this is the fastest, easiest way to fix it, and, and, and so if they go through my two day workshop, I mean, they're sold like they are. Okay, I get it. I'm ready to buy bitcoin, but they don't know how, and they don't know how, you know, all the things I want to have a very simple, I mean, I don't want to build out the exchange. I don't want to build out all the they already have it. They're great. They're doing a good job. I just want to be on the front end of that and say, and and if AI is in I don't know if AI is involved or not. I don't know, but all I want to do is log into your account and it it tells how much sales you had last week. Take 10% Buy Bitcoin and store it safely. And then there's a process, like with the software, we can automate this so it's simple and I can actually get people to do it. And it has to be safe. It needs to be built on top of the Bitcoin network so people aren't going to get hacked when they're trying to do this. And so, so that's my that's the basic of my that's the that's the premise of my idea. It's very simple. It's not hard to do. And yes, people could do it without the software program and but it's just basically following my advice. And I want to bundle the software with all this membership stuff. But even if they don't use all the membership stuff, they can still use the software every day, every week, ongoing, right?

Matthias Miller  07:51
It's like, yeah. I mean, it's very easy pitch at the end. It's like, well, you know exactly what to do it do, but you know, you have a bajillion things going on, and the problem is always doing it. So I've made it super, super, like, super easy for you, and you get a 30 day free trial. Everybody pulled out your phones and go scan this QR code, and we're going to walk through the process. Okay, Link up your bank account. Link up this how much and then, and I'm assuming based on sales, is it just deposits into the account, or what? How do you determine sales

Speaker 1  08:28
numbers? To simplify to start, I could just say, Pick an amount like pick some amount that you're okay with that. You know it's not going to hurt you in your weekly cash flow. And every Monday this is going to go in, but ideally, I would like to say, Okay, we're growing this thing. We're growing your business. And some AI tool is going to look at your bank account, and they're going to look at the past, you know, what happened in the previous 12 months, and what, what looks like in your what you got going on, your business going forward? And it's going to say you need, instead of 10,000 you need to do 6000 this week, or you need to do 12,000 this or whatever that ideally I'd like to get there. But if, even if you don't do that, just the picking the amount. And I would like them to have a because you can make more money daily. I would like them to have a smaller, some amount that's daily. And then, based on sales, a weekly, every Monday, you know it goes in,

Matthias Miller  09:41
but you can go Bitcoin first. You could call it Bitcoin every day.

Unknown Speaker  09:48
Bitcoin daily. Bitcoin

Matthias Miller  09:50
daily, every day. The other thing you could do with this is you could you. Do, barely noticeable, incremental. So you do, you know, you do 1000 bucks a day, and it goes up to 1001 it goes up to 1002 2000 1003 and, I mean, at a minimum, they should be, you should be doing some kind of C I don't know that. You know whether it's CPA, CPI rates or something, at minimum, they should be doing that anyway. But you know, 2x CPI, or CPI plus or you know,

Speaker 1  10:32
so you just say, and we all know inflation, we all know it's going up, so we might as well keep up with inflation. So if the not what the government says, but the real inflation is 20% or whatever, let's just, you know, let's call it, let's call it 1% a month, if you just want to do, you know, if it's 12% for the year or whatever, and just do one per an increase absolutely well, I mean, why wouldn't

Matthias Miller  11:03
you? Why wouldn't you? And, and I think most people, you know, it's it. This whole premise is on putting things on autopilot. And basically what you what you want to tell them, is inflation is real, and we've even made so that you don't have to think about inflation. So for the very, very basic model. It's, I mean, what? What exchange are you? I mean, are you thinking just tying everything into Coinbase?

Speaker 1  11:33
No, or be a Bitcoin only exchange. It would be when only change. It would be Swan or river or strike, okay,

Unknown Speaker  12:12
I just Take a look here at some stuff. I

Matthias Miller  12:22
mean this ultimately just depends on quality of API for each of these folks, and what you can really end up doing with it, right?

Speaker 1  12:36
My guess is River. I've when you, when you go look at, when you, when you see these guys at the Bitcoin conferences. And the reason why swan is doing so well is because they got a lot of money behind them. They got a lot of they're just generating tons of business. The guys at River are more techie, and they're more they're more focused, and you can see the things that they come out with, with their software very and I've talked to the owner at the booth, you know, he's just very not a sales guy at all. They are all tech, and so they're not growing as much. But I trust them that whatever they're doing more because, just based on seeing what how they set their stuff up, Yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:37
Okay, so, so the so the the daily Bitcoin, or the or the weekly Bitcoin.

Unknown Speaker  13:46
I mean that

Matthias Miller  13:50
that seems pretty reasonable. I mean, that seems very simple.

Unknown Speaker  13:58
The

Matthias Miller  14:01
you're an accountant, my mind immediately says, based off of sales, it's, you know, it's you need. You need to know one of two things. You don't want a you know, you don't want to take 5% off of your line of credit distribution to push into Bitcoin, presumably, and so you need a way of identifying so it's either we need to look at the bank account and figure out which ones are actually sale sales and which ones are not. Which could come down to an approval process. But the moment you have an approval process, approval process, then you're requiring activity from from the owner, which doesn't make this autopilot, which introduces a risk of it not happening. Now you can also say, well, the money is there, and we're just going to do it. And if we ever do the wrong thing, you can say, well, this deposit you got to roll back. And you shouldn't have you shouldn't have done it. And we look at some identifying characteristics, and you try to, you know, you develop basically, heuristics for which, which deposits should should be scraped off the top, and which one shouldn't. Um, so

Speaker 1  15:21
you're thinking, you're literally thinking on deposits going into the account, having the software scrape a percentage off of actual deposits going in.

Matthias Miller  15:33
Yeah, that's easier than trying to hook it up to an accounting software, which they might be using depending on Well, I mean, who knows how that all is going to I mean, if it's out of a business account, who knows if they're using SAP or NetSuite or QuickBooks or whatever, and how are you actually going to determine, I don't know, profit percentages deposits are super simple. Well,

Speaker 1  15:58
well, I, in my mind. I'm thinking, end of the day, there was $12,000 that went into this account. I'm not looking at all the deposits. I'm just looking at the total gross number,

Matthias Miller  16:13
the net increase on the account.

Speaker 1  16:15
No, just the gross number each day, each day, there's, oh, there's 12,001 in there. Okay, now,

Matthias Miller  16:25
so you pull 1% off the balance every

Unknown Speaker  16:27
day or something

Matthias Miller  16:30
that's interesting, that's really interesting. It's almost like a, well, okay, let's, let's play around with it. It's almost like you're gonna go pay yourself interest. One, 1% I mean, and I don't know what the right number is, you determine the rate. So then you could, what you could do is you could then, okay, so the setup process would look something like this, go, give me your go, we're going to go set up your your Bitcoin stuff, and go tell us what account, account for accounts you want linked to this. And then first question is, well, then we can look at average daily balance, and based on your average daily balance, come up with some kind of formula to say we think you know, you held an average daily balance of X. No, you had. It could be some kind of combination. You're an accountant. I would think you might have some ideas on this. Just

Speaker 1  17:31
for the record, not an accountant. I'm just a marketer for accountants.

Matthias Miller  17:36
The marketer for accountants. I'm sorry. So you know, you've deposited this much cash into the account. So based on the amount of cash you've deposited, based on the average daily balance, we recommend that you do a why? Sorry, you do X dollars every day, X dollars every week, and 1% X percentage off balance. But why wouldn't you? Why wouldn't you say do something more like based on your numbers, based on your deposits, which we're assuming, we don't know that's not a good could we literally run this off of a percentage on the on the balance?

Unknown Speaker  18:35
Why couldn't you,

Matthias Miller  18:40
and so you could do an average daily balance for the past six months, or whatever your your bank API lets you get. And you could say, if you do 1% it's going to be this much a day. 2% 3% this much a day, um, day or week or month or year,

Speaker 1  19:03
it works better daily. Bitcoin works better if it's daily. And so I like the idea of daily. The issue really isn't the issue is, what is the owner comfortable with happening all the time, and I'm in the way I think about it is I want a bare minimum of something happening every single day, and then once a week I we take a snapshot based on last week's sales, and go 10% or we, you know, whatever, on top of the very small amount that's doing it every day, that's how I've envisioned it. I.

Matthias Miller  20:00
Yeah, but it would also be fairly easy to tell if you just ask them, What was your top line revenue, what were what was your What are your profit margins? You could tell them and how much of your profit do you want to put into can you reasonably afford to put into Bitcoin? So there's a few numbers to crunch, but if you do that, and you look at at his, look historically, you could say, Dear business owner, based on what you said, your ratio of average daily balance to revenue is x, and so we recommend that to hit your target, you do a 3% of average daily balance,

Speaker 1  20:51
right? And that's in the setup like that's and that's asking them questions, because I don't want to ask them. I want them to fill it out. Okay, based on what you said, this is what's going to come out every day of Bitcoin. This is your Bitcoin buy every day at a bare minimum, and then let them like so they don't make up all these other let's just start there. And then phase two, once they have that going, is, looks like you froze, unless you're filling up water a bunch. I'm

Matthias Miller  21:27
filling up a water bottle. Sorry, like man, I got a massive water bottle, and I try to check water over here.

Speaker 1  21:38
So, so I don't want to ask them too many questions up front. I just want them to sign up, get set up and going. And then after they've got their their daily set up, maybe there's a phase two that we come back to that's that's weekly.

Matthias Miller  21:56
There's another kind of automation. Um, what if the what if the setup is the daily balance, and if there's a way that you can get your leads from from your accountant buddies, then part of the service that they do is they take the financials and they submit it in, and they look at, they look at at that gross, at profits on a monthly, monthly or weekly basis. And the accountant actually becomes responsible for doing the automation. So there's a little bit of manual, manual work, but they've got skin in the game somehow, and they just do it automatically, the accountants, by virtue of your relationship with us,

Speaker 1  22:46
I'm envisioning this being way bigger than something that. Yeah, okay. I'm envisioning, like many different countries, many different people, many businesses scattered around the world. I want one super simple, automated so they can I don't want to bring accounts into this at all.

Matthias Miller  23:12
But don't you, don't you have to, if you're going to look at sales, to really do it right, don't you have to integrate, like, Okay, go, go. Connect it to QuickBooks.

Speaker 1  23:26
I Not if they answer that question, not if that owner says, Well, I our gross sales in the last 12 months. Was this sure our, you know, our, our weekly cash flow? Is this whatever, whatever we ask them, whatever they answer. Then they just, we have a formula. It plugs in how much bitcoin is going to come out every day based on inflation, plus whatever. And you and let them choose how much on top of inflation they want to do. And then we're off to the races.

Matthias Miller  23:59
We weekly, the thing where I'm getting kind of hung up is that

Unknown Speaker  24:06
if they

Matthias Miller  24:13
I don't see a great way to doesn't seem to me like there's a super low friction way for business owners to do the make weekly payments off of last week's sales.

Speaker 1  24:29
Okay, then, then we don't do that and then, but there needs to be some way for them to interrupt the flow and say, We just made $100,000 sale. I need to put 20,000 this into Bitcoin.

Matthias Miller  24:42
Well, yeah, okay, so, well, maybe I'm going around too much. Let me do this. Let me, let me outline this and make sure that, uh.

Unknown Speaker  25:16
So I

Speaker 1  25:35
Well, here's the thing about what I like about Profit First, they don't get into net profit percentages, they only talk about gross because the business owner is screwed up in their profits because they're not doing a good job. And by by dealing with gross only, it forces that business owner to get their ducks in a row and the rest of their business but look, Mr. Business Owner, we're, we are. We're doing Bitcoin first here. Okay, we're pulling out this amount now you figure out the rest of it however you want to do it, what you're going to pay yourself, your taxes, how your employees go, your expenses, blah, blah, blah,

Matthias Miller  26:17
all right, well, we could do this. I think it's better to ask forgiveness and permission. And I think you basically say you sign up, here's your daily balance, here's your total deposits for past 12 months. Ask for the percentage. I mean, we calculate that. So you ask what percentage you want to pay on a daily balance and what percentage on deposits. So you might, I don't know where you want to start, but you can do something like this as a starting point, right? And this shows, shows, then shows. This is, you know, X dollars per day, or, you know, X dollars per year, and then this is shows this dollars per day, or per per month, maybe better, or this much per year. And

Speaker 1  27:10
then have some kind of projection based on Bitcoin at this price, this is what it's going to look like in 12 months. Now, obviously you have to say bitcoins all over the place. It could be down, 20% 50% it could be up. We don't know, but just based on what it is today, this is what

Matthias Miller  27:33
we can't project growth. You could say, if you would have started a year ago, this is where it would be at,

Speaker 1  27:40
yeah, you could do that. You could absolutely do that. That'd be a lot easier, too.

Matthias Miller  27:47
And it's not lying. I mean, it's not whatever it's it's also the pain of loss. I mean, why did I not you? You could have earned an extra

Speaker 1  28:02
which is a really good thing to say right now, because we're in the the bowl part of the fourth year cycle. Right now is when everything's gonna be going up. So if you go back a year, you know Bitcoin was 2030, $40,000 and then in a month or two, it's gonna be 140,000 and that'll be that would be a really nice for them to go, Holy crap. I should have been doing this earlier, right?

Matthias Miller  28:36
And then the only

Unknown Speaker  28:40
that, then the

Matthias Miller  28:45
nice to have. I

Unknown Speaker  29:12
Well, you can't reverse the Bitcoin

Matthias Miller  29:14
that you can't that you to with. I mean, withdraw

Unknown Speaker  29:21
once you buy the Bitcoin, it's a done deal.

Matthias Miller  29:24
You're not You're not letting them convert back to

Unknown Speaker  29:29
doesn't make any sense to once you buy Bitcoins, forever.

Unknown Speaker  29:35
Can you?

Matthias Miller  29:38
Okay? Well, so let's say, let's say, I mean, worst companies that this would be okay. Let's say that guy's in business and gets a $250,000 loan for equipment, and you. Slurps 10% off the top, and now he's like, Well, I needed that 10% to buy the equipment. What should he I mean, do you establish a a cap? So most of your deposits, what's, what's the highest?

Speaker 1  30:22
I think they should buy as much Bitcoin as they possibly can, if they can handle it in a four if they can handle holding it for four years, because nobody has lost money in the history of Bitcoin, if they've held it for four years or longer,

Matthias Miller  30:38
okay, but the challenge is that

Matthias Miller  30:47
that's fair, but pragmatically, little business owner said this up on autopilot. He got the loan. He wasn't thinking about adding 10% in for Bitcoin, which might be an appropriate use of the loan, but depending on terms and requirements, but may also not have been the right thing. So it seems like

Speaker 1  31:10
10% is nothing like like 10% that would be great if they, if they got a $250,000 loan and $25,000 went to Bitcoin, awesome. I tell them to do 80% but, but awesome. Just do 10%

Matthias Miller  31:26
okay, but my point is, they were they, they have, they have an asset that costs 245,000 they don't have the cash to buy the asset if you suck out the Bitcoin, if it's something like an equipment loan or something like that.

Speaker 1  31:49
So you're saying you need to have some way to stop lump sums.

Unknown Speaker  31:56
Or, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  31:59
there's some, there's some, yeah, I get it.

Matthias Miller  32:03
So it has to be most of your deposits. I mean, we could do something like most of your deposits were,

Unknown Speaker  32:14
well, yeah. I mean,

Matthias Miller  32:20
or, or they, yeah, I think it's something like that, like, don't do it on any deposits that are greater than X amount. Or, or cap the cap it on deposits not to exceed X dollar amount.

Speaker 1  32:36
That's what the owner says, right? The owner puts that into the criteria of the software.

Matthias Miller  32:51
I think we could do. I

Speaker 1  33:06
We'll see if they make a big sale, and that some some people are going to go the exact opposite and go, Great, we just made $100,000 sale. I got all this extra cash. I'm going in $40,000 for Bitcoin. I'm

Speaker 2  33:25
going right. But the point is,

Matthias Miller  33:31
you know it's cash, you don't know if it's free cash or not. And so if it's not as in free cash as in, is it really profit that you can pocket or not? So, so I can see,

Speaker 1  33:47
I don't want to think profit. I want to thank gross. Well, yeah, but

Matthias Miller  33:50
then you're going to screw chuck in the truck. He just, he's a GC who just, who just landed a big fat wad of cash. I mean, this is how even big commercial construction companies work. They get a big fat load of cash. They're like, Oh, we can go pay that expensive consultant and buy that Lamborghini. No, you can't. You've got bills coming due. So if, if he really is this ignorant, you're going to screw the guy and turn him upside down because he put $40,000 worth of money that he needed to pay vendors into Bitcoin, and now he can't, well,

Speaker 1  34:25
he could go the next day and sells Bitcoin and just pay some taxes. I mean, it's not like you can't get your money back. Well,

Matthias Miller  34:32
I mean, so that's my point. Is, at a minimum, there has to be, and I use the wrong term, but basically a a way to to sell the Bitcoin to reverse reverse a bad deposit. Yeah, and it costs them a little bit, but I there has to be some form of recourse if. There is no recourse. Yes, he should hold it.

Speaker 1  35:04
And so whether you're at River or like at Swan, they tell you up front, we don't even have a sell button on our site. You have to contact us and we'll send you the link so you can do it. They they preach buy and hold forever so they don't even have a button that you can push to get out,

Unknown Speaker  35:25
okay? Well,

Matthias Miller  35:28
it's fine if the owner has to pick up. They just need to know where they can do it. Yeah, and they could even be calling somebody on your team, I don't know,

Speaker 1  35:40
but well, they would call river or Swan, or whoever Swan,

Matthias Miller  35:45
and so that, all right, fair enough. That's what I was missing.

Speaker 1  35:57
So in your from, in your view, is what I'm describing, and what we're talking about is this on a scale of one to 10 SaaS project. Is this really, really hard 10 or really, really easy, a one

Matthias Miller  36:14
I don't know. Well, I'm horrible with Nuance dancers. If the one, the biggest thing I'm concerned about here is security

Unknown Speaker  36:28
me too.

Speaker 1  36:36
So I don't have a problem with the river security or swan. They got that thing locked down. It's, it's from when they use my software. And that bridge from there to Swan, or there to river, that's where I'm I. That's why, when I say I want to build it on top of the Bitcoin network. There are Bitcoin programmers and coders that know how to make that way more secure than some, you know, somebody else,

Matthias Miller  37:06
yeah, so I would probably put it in somewhere into three to five just because of that. You know, if this were just about wiring up some API calls and putting a little app together or a

Unknown Speaker  37:21
or SAS,

Matthias Miller  37:25
which I would recommend to SaaS, not, not an app personally, just make it look like apps and whatever it is,

Speaker 1  37:35
I don't know. I don't know the difference. Could you educate me? Sure?

Matthias Miller  37:38
So, iPhone, phone.

Unknown Speaker  37:47
I have here,

Matthias Miller  37:50
just as an example, fiber app installed on my phone, and it's all native to the phone. It literally runs on the phone. But you can also have what's a good example? I can maybe find a client example here.

Unknown Speaker  38:15
Let's try this. I

Matthias Miller  38:25
so you can also have, you can also have here, I'm going to shoot this to my well, actually, I can. I can show you what it looks like. I'm fine. You can also have websites that are mobile, responsive and look like a

Speaker 2  38:42
right here that oops.

Matthias Miller  38:46
So when you pull them up, it looks like an app. You can install it as an icon on your phone, but it's literally just running as a website. The advantage of doing something like that is that people can log in on their desktop. People can log in on their phone. You don't have to have custom build something for the phone and then custom build something for people to log in on the desktop. But it

Speaker 1  39:09
seems like to me that something on the phone would be less secure.

Unknown Speaker  39:19
Is that a fallacy?

Matthias Miller  39:25
Well, no, not necessarily. The biggest issue would be, obviously, if they save their password, if you use two thought, two factor authentication, if anybody steals your phone and unlocks it, they've got everything,

Matthias Miller  39:53
although even even desktops have that. I.

Unknown Speaker  40:17
I would expect

Matthias Miller  40:26
but surely you can have something along the lines, okay, so the biggest if you can't, If you can't re link your accounts without some substantial barrier to entry, as in, once you say, I'm pulling from this account and putting it in in and here's My bitcoin address, etc, then the worst thing that happens, which is horribly obnoxious, but somebody switches it to 90% of deposits and 90% of daily balance, and now you just converted everything into Bitcoin. Worst case scenario then is that Bitcoin drops the next day you need cash to operate, and you lost whatever Bitcoin differential from from the price change. So it's really inconvenient. And yes, you are losing money, but they're not, they're not getting your money right, unless, unless they can access, you know, financial some other way, on your phone, in which case you've got other issues. Yeah, so I don't think inherently it's worse, but it's, I mean, we could definitely, I think it's definitely worth listing some of these. I

Unknown Speaker  42:06
You're a fast typer,

Matthias Miller  42:10
Source, Source account and Bitcoin destination? Yeah, it comes from years of Doing only that,

Matthias Miller  42:26
and consider large

Matthias Miller  42:42
actually, there are services.

Matthias Miller  42:58
I think there are API services you can tie into for something like photo ID verification. I would think identity verification,

Speaker 1  43:05
when you, when you, when you get into river or or Swan, you got to do all that stuff up front before you can even set up an account with them. And you have to, like, do it. You know when, let's say Bitcoin every day, or Bitcoin first, or whatever this is. And you answer all these questions, and when you start logging in and setting up, I mean, you have you'll go straight to river, and they will require photo ID, bank account, but all that stuff.

Matthias Miller  43:43
So the so river actually, actually maintains the bank account information, just to be clear.

Speaker 1  43:53
Well, based on if we're buying through river, you know, if we're buying, I mean, you know, I'm saying, Yeah,

Matthias Miller  44:05
I mean, so, so then rivers, this is actually the response, primary responsibility. So this is, I

Matthias Miller  44:25
River, really, it's really just the changes in withdrawal percentages

Unknown Speaker  44:31
that are any concern, and

Matthias Miller  44:38
anything else is going to be done through River. I Right? Except you're going to need read only access to their bank account so that you're able to tell what the balance and so you can pull, so you can pull balance and transactions. So.

Matthias Miller  45:23
I don't know. I'm still gonna say it's a I don't think it's I don't think it's crazy, but I still think there's enough security considerations. I don't know, three or five things, same. Find the right person. They might say it's a 223, or two to four.

Speaker 1  45:44
So how do I go about finding a person to do this? And let me answer, let me also caveat. I don't, I don't want to be responsible for this software project, I need to not only hire somebody to do this, I'm gonna have to find a partner or somebody that they they will run with this, make it right, and they will get some percentage of the deal when it comes to the software. They have skin in the game, because there's just no way I'm equipped to try to run a software I'm just that's not Who I am, that's not what I do, right? I

Matthias Miller  46:56
Sorry. One other question, I got a few things rolling around, apologies. One of the questions, what pricing model are you thinking on this?

Speaker 1  47:05
Um, I would like to bundle it into my $97 a month package. So they're getting all this other educational materials. But, oh, by the way, you get this software. Oh, you don't want the software. Fine. You can't have all the other educational material. It's one, it's bundled together, right? So I just see as a piece of the membership in my in my in this new business,

Matthias Miller  47:35
a Bitcoin versus women.

Unknown Speaker  47:41
So

Matthias Miller  47:44
I mean, I'm open to running, running it, running with it, or at least open to looking at it. I can, I You

Speaker 2  48:00
talked

Matthias Miller  48:10
to Stephen Bowman about it?

Speaker 1  48:14
I talked to Stephen about a bot that that is a much different than what we're talking about. What we talked about was, okay, people don't know how to buy bitcoin and go on to this little bot and ask some basic questions and show them how to set up an account with one river or one of these other places, and it would be like a little free lead generator thing, or less than $9 little SaaS thing that like a micro SaaS thing, that it's not that big. It's not the business that I'm thinking like, this is what I'm thinking about, is real business. I want this to be a star of star business, because I'm going to focus. I'm not going after every millions of people that are in Bitcoin. I'm focused on entrepreneurs and business owners, period. And I don't the other thing that is a lead generation. Yes, that can happen, and I can set up that tool, but I don't need it. I mean, that's not right, my focus.

Matthias Miller  49:27
I do have a company I've worked with or that we've worked with in the past. They're based in India. They've got us based, some US based team members.

Matthias Miller  49:49
I would, if it were me looking to do this, I would start with conversation with them and find out their feedback. I. I'm

Matthias Miller  50:06
going to assume, you know, I don't know, there's probably something like a

Speaker 1  50:37
so whether I'm doing a webinar, whether I'm doing a five day challenge, whether I'm doing a get in my membership, I have a 30 day free membership. I got $15,000 with the stuff that they get just for kicking the tires for a month. And the software is a part of that. And there'll be, you know, a video, and you know that we onboard people into the software and everything. But it's, it's really a it's a chicken or the egg thing, because I can't really get them into using the software until they are sold on Bitcoin. My issue that I found is 99% of everybody is not don't even don't. They do not have a grid for Bitcoin at all. And so when I now have this two day Bitcoin Secrets workshop that I've put together, I've done, I just recorded it in August. I had, you know, 10 people in a room recorded and all the stuff that I did not get to, I went into a studio the next month, in September, and finished out all the stuff I've just now the edits have finished the it's ready like we have a full two day virtual workshop for business owners, all things Bitcoin, what they need to know, what I'm what I talked about with Perry last week was actually having a guarantee that said I will, if you're a business owner, if you have at least $250,000 in sales, and if you take my two day workshop and go through it within 30 days, I will guarantee your happiness with with buying Bitcoin for up to $10,000 or I will personally buy your Bitcoin back from you within 90 days. And I've got a company that I can, I've got, like the every all the pushback in the room was, oh, you can't do that. You know, if 100 people, or if 50 people this or and they all want us refund, forget that part. Just from a conceptually, if I can get them to, if a, if a $10,000 get bitcoin guaranteed, stops them in their tracks and gets them to pay attention and buy it's I want it completely risk free to go through my two day workshop. Well, if they go through that workshop within that first 30 days, they will jump at signing up for this software, like they will jump all over now, if they're if they're brand new and don't know anything about Bitcoin, this software makes no sense. They're not. They don't care. Great. So I'm almost seeing lead with my slam dunk guarantee, two day workshop that people pay $1,000 for. And then somewhere in that 30 day period, based on, I guess we can track them if they're going, if we're watching how far they've gone through the system, or whatever, but at some point we have, we get them to say yes to this, the additional 30 day trial. A part of that 30 day trial is, get this software. Well, I need to know if they've been orange pilled or not, meaning they they are all in on they're well, they're not all in on Bitcoin, but they are at least further down the road on Bitcoin.

Matthias Miller  54:14
So why wouldn't you as part of the workshop the last hour is All right, guys, we're gonna go put this into practice. You're

Speaker 1  54:21
exactly right. I should do that. Okay? That is a great point. And

Matthias Miller  54:26
then for anybody who doesn't have a follow up call within the next week and be Hey, I understand you didn't. I just want to understand your concerns. And it's either feedback for it's either feedback for next seminar, or it's objection handling, or they're just not a qualified prospect.

Unknown Speaker  54:47
And,

Matthias Miller  54:50
and then when people, if people don't, you know, then you look at, also look at trial cancelations. I mean, it's the whole, you know, retention point. Type of stuff at that point, I agree.

Speaker 1  55:03
I agree with you 100% the the the main the feedback from the live audience in that seminar room, in that workshop, when I did this thing in August on the second in the afternoon of the second day, the main thing they said was, how do we do this?

Matthias Miller  55:20
Okay, so here's an idea. Chauncey John Maxwell does this from for like, his religious whenever he wants to bring Jesus into his conversations, he will wrap up. He'll schedule the time, but he'll schedule the event to end at a certain time. So event ends at 3pm at 2:30pm you say, Okay, guys, what's, what's your Q, a and, oh, like, how do we get this done? And he's like, and that's when you say, Well, here's the deal. We're gonna go ahead. We're gonna we told you, I told you. We let you go at three o'clock. I'm gonna let you go. Guys go at three o'clock. We're gonna have a 15 minute break. But if you guys really want to get in on this at 315 I'll actually walk you through hands on how to do this and have this work on autopilot. Just come back into the room. We're going to dismiss so that, if this isn't your thing, whatever you can go I don't know the psychology of that, how well that works, if that's if that's a a you know, if that's going to get you're gonna get in trouble because people, people didn't plan to stay and so they disrupts their schedule. Or if it creates enough of a of a anticipation and intrigue,

Speaker 1  56:32
well, I'm not even going to be doing these live events anymore. This is going to be a virtual event. It's in the can. And I just, I think it's a very wise thing to, I agree with you 100% to add the last video, the final, the ending section, and actually not make it like a bonus, but say, like, make a big you know, flashing This is, like, the most important part, but you got to do this other stuff first, and it doesn't unlock until you get to you fund the videos. You can't see it, but keep it like secret, like, you know, they don't even talk about, right,

Matthias Miller  57:13
right? That makes sense. Okay, good. Well, I mean, yeah, I have a company I can, I could connect with and find out if that's something that, something that, that they would take a look at. They're not necessarily, I don't even know if they've done any bitcoin stuff or not. I don't know how they feel about it. I could, potentially, I'm not well networked in the Bitcoin dev space, unfortunately,

Matthias Miller  57:53
trying to think of the folks I would know who might be. I think, I think a question for you, for you would be?

Unknown Speaker  58:03
Do you want? Maybe it's for me.

Matthias Miller  58:09
I don't know. Yeah. How involved do you want me to be in? What would my involvement look like? That's the big question. If I were to be involved in in this

Speaker 1  58:21
I need somebody that has that's smart in this area of expertise, which is you. And so I don't know the questions to ask. I don't know. I don't I can't call BS on somebody from India if I don't know what they're I don't know. But right, if there's somebody else who this is what they do. And you may not know about Bitcoin development and these, but if we brought somebody in, you can have a conversation with them, and you can say, yes, no, this guy's an idiot. Let's get somebody different, you know. And so I need somebody to play point and so and so if, let's say, we start, like diving into this project in January, I'm just making it up so and then January comes, and it takes, I don't know, 90 days to kind of prove concept, whatever you call that. And then, I mean, I'm in no rush, like I don't have to have this done. I have in my materials that I'm putting together for January this launch, I have on here the Bitcoin bellhop. It's the name of the project. It's, it's helping you carry your bag. We're going to carry your bags to retirement, your but it's Bitcoin bag, Bitcoin bags to retirement. So I've got this thing set up, and it's going to be on the site, and it's going to and it says coming in 2025 so I figure I got all year to get something together. And I'm also thinking I'm going to get a lot of things. Feedback from customers. So when we tell them, Hey, do this, do this, do this. I mean, I get a lot of good feedback for the software project, because they're doing what I'm telling them we're going to

Unknown Speaker  1:00:13
automate. Yep, yep. So

Speaker 1  1:00:16
to answer your question, I would like to have, I would like to however you think whatever you have to tell me the best way to do it. Do I chart you by the hour, by the project, by the you may not want to have a percentage of ownership if it's a dud project, but if it's a cool project and there's a lot of life on it, you would want to have percentage ownership. And so you have to tell me how what's right, like you tell me what the best way to do it? And I'm wide open. I'm listening. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:00:54
well, I'm gonna guess it's gonna be somewhere in the middle. I want a less greedy share. In case of upside just up top of my head, some kind of baseline, some kind of baseline compensation, and a less greedy share, if I'm getting getting paid, paid off of that, I uh,

Matthias Miller  1:01:27
let's one more question so you're you're not looking to actively, more actively pursue this project until January. Is that

Speaker 1  1:01:35
right? I have so many things on my plate that I do not want to say, hey, next Monday, let's get going on this. Heck no, yeah, I got too much going on. I want to schedule it in advance, hire the right people, put it on their list, and then tackle it. Like all the other projects we tackle, we just it's just a thing that we're going to do, and we're going to see if it works, and if it doesn't work, we're going to do something different, and if it works, and if it works and it kicks butt, that's awesome.

Matthias Miller  1:02:05
Okay. Well, let me, if you don't mind, let me put some thought into what I want out of it. And then we can, and if we got some time to do now in January, and we can keep, keep the ball moving on it. So yeah, that sounds great.

Speaker 1  1:02:23
Thank you for your time today, and I would love to work with you in some capacity like this. I just again, I'm a newbie. I'm a novice. This is not my area. This is your area. And so if how I'm envisioning it is, I go sell a ton of stuff and then, and we add a bunch of bells and whistles that goes bundled with the software, but there's somebody behind the scenes that makes sure this is a kick butt software, and it does what we say, and it makes people very happy, and we're able to, you know, but I don't have to figure out the I don't have to make decisions on it, because I know nothing about software,

Speaker 2  1:03:04
right? Yeah, so,

Speaker 1  1:03:08
so let's just talk whenever you you just get back to me whenever you want. I'm in no rush, and then we'll make a plan in the near future. Okay, all right, great. Talking to you. Have fun, calling us

Matthias Miller  1:03:22
all right, we'll do

Unknown Speaker  1:03:24
enjoy the show. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai