Speaker 1  00:30
I was gonna start singing. I'm waiting waiting on the world to teach.

Speaker 1  00:40
Okay, so here's my question. Anybody can go in and put a you a Google link or a Google reviews URL and but how can you do it so it calls the correct dealer based on the dealer of the sale the building.

Matthias Miller  00:54
We have, wha Ha ha, we're going to add a holler links are G to the dealer record. That gets posted at the top of the Links section. Okay, the dealer record. Yeah, is going to have a holler links with an active title and URL.

Speaker 1  01:16
Okay, hold on a sec, let me make sure I understand. You're gonna put the URL for the dealer on the dealer record. And then the URL on the hauler record, we'll call that we'll call call what?

Speaker 2  01:31
Whatever the buildings. Any links from the buildings dealer wouldn't walk you through it.

Speaker 1  01:42
All right. Walk me through it because I'm, I have understood what you said.

Matthias Miller  01:48
Well, I if it's better than nothing, actually, sometimes it's not oh

Speaker 1  01:57
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. No, no, keep going. No, no, keep going. No, sorry. The waiting was the brain was processing. What kind of you? What kind of yours? Oh,

Matthias Miller  02:12
did you see this? Yeah. Oh, there it comes. Okay, so right here, open Google review for QR codes. Okay, so what we would do is we would have, by the way side note, I think we need to set up a Google Business Listing for hand and Bill and that would be the online sales team.

Speaker 1  02:31
So So supposedly, at one point there is a Google Business Listing nobody knows who owns it

Unknown Speaker  02:40
there's a final structures one.

Speaker 1  02:44
Oh, no, you're you're seeing a true point. Hampton bill.

Matthias Miller  02:48
Which means I think well, yeah. structure.

Unknown Speaker  02:51
So put it aside. We'll get it done.

Matthias Miller  02:55
I mean, he's been chasing He chastens mental structures a long time ago.

Speaker 1  03:00
But we don't want to we want to we want to point Hampton bill.

Matthias Miller  03:05
Yeah, but Gabe or Mike are going to have to put up signage for that.

Unknown Speaker  03:11
Are they willing? I guess we can find that out. All right, keep going.

Unknown Speaker  03:21
So then we'd have a link like this. That's like review him to Bill and then this would redirect directly to the Google review page for doing this,

Speaker 1  03:33
but how from the holler portal? How are you going to know because how are you going to know what to call

Matthias Miller  03:48
right in here somewhere there's going to be a an RG as an active checkbox checkbox next sense I mean a title and URL

Speaker 1  03:58
okay, but the URL on the on the Okay, so go to the hauler go to go to Fido. No, Randall.

Matthias Miller  04:10
Sorry, I already have Alex pulled up here.

Unknown Speaker  04:12
No, no, no, no, no, no, not there. The hauler record sorry. So the whole record hauler record

Matthias Miller  04:20
random extent no that one Randall that Randall

Speaker 1  04:26
Yes. So scroll down, scroll down. There's okay. There's your URLs. So how does how does the portal link URL know where to call?

Matthias Miller  04:38
Um, because this is on a. This is on a specific delivery. So for example, here's this. Here's the standards. Yep. Let's go find the building. So can

Speaker 1  04:56
you can you can those URLs be an expression? No.

Matthias Miller  05:00
It's not an expression, it doesn't need to be an expression. Why would it need to be an expression? Why does it have to be anything special? We know the standard

Speaker 1  05:06
because because you have Okay, so Alex may deliver for Chatham he may deliver for South Boston

Matthias Miller  05:12
Exactly. But we know it's for a specific building we look at off the building. For this building, go find the link dealer, which is two point South Boston go look up south Boston's link shown in the portal. So those links will change based on what building you have.

Speaker 1  05:31
Okay, that link section is directly tied to the hauler, the hauler record

Matthias Miller  05:36
length, the top half is going to be dealer tied to the dealer record. The bottom half is gonna be tied to the whole record, it's gonna have both.

Unknown Speaker  05:43
Doesn't that take whiskey? We're? No.

Unknown Speaker  05:47
Okay, it's yours truly.

Unknown Speaker  05:49
Okay, well, how come that?

Matthias Miller  05:52
Well? How deep into the weeds. Do you want to go? Well, I

Speaker 1  05:57
mean, I thought that would it. Oh. So your your service report actually drives that

Matthias Miller  06:05
you have a service report that drives it that has a link table.

Unknown Speaker  06:09
Builder diagram, okay.

Matthias Miller  06:11
And it has the holler links and we just have to stick somebody in here for dealer links.

Speaker 1  06:16
All right, smarty pants, but okay. Okay, oh, riddle me this riddle me. Hold on a second. Why wouldn't? Why wouldn't you call the why wouldn't you put in a memo field and call it from just a note section, the QR code just pops right up in the notes section. Rather than clicking out? Like it's just Oh, it's right there.

Matthias Miller  06:53
Do we have good enough? Well, let's let's try this.

Speaker 1  06:56
I mean, okay, so I don't know how are you driving the like the hauler service, the notes section, you could edit that to also pull in referencing out to the whole nine yards and pull in a QR code from the dealer record. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:10
but it's it's text I think

Speaker 1  07:15
it all No, it'll it'll do images. Oh, sorry. You're gonna have to you would have to add another note section in color Service Report. Because the the, the sales order notes are rich text, and you can it'll drop stuff in there.

Matthias Miller  07:36
Sales are okay. Well, let's find out strapping sales order notes in.

Unknown Speaker  07:40
But I mean, you're dropping sales are notes in from?

Matthias Miller  07:44
Well, here's the notes each thing. Oh, I get it. Yeah, right here. You were doing? Yeah. That's interesting. No. I have to confirm how it's being used. But yes.

Speaker 1  07:55
I mean, that would be another way to do it. I think if that QR code was like when you popped up in that hall, boom, there's a big old QR code is a little bit more prompting than just a link out URL. Let's try something here. We can change this sales order. And hey, riddle me this. Alan was supposed to go off and chase the reviews.io thing. Yeah, I should probably follow up with him. You don't want to necessarily tie that like tie that in in some way? So

Matthias Miller  08:41
I'm not sure if that's really beneficial at this point. I think what we want is Google reviews not our own well agreed review collection. So I think the answer is no but I was gonna take a look at some of this stuff as well. Dude, come on, you're gonna

Speaker 1  08:56
you're gonna make you're gonna make more than one district happy by doing this.

Unknown Speaker  09:02
Well, that's my goal. Okay, let's go ahead and download this then. Come on.

Speaker 1  09:09
Okay, no, it's that. Okay. What is the name of the QR code generator that that Google actually recommends? It's Google, Google this. Create a QR code for your Google Business Listing

Speaker 1  09:35
and scroll down, it's a right there. Scroll down in there. There is a no scroll back up.

Unknown Speaker  09:51
When you get more reviews, no,

Unknown Speaker  09:53
I thought there was Hold on a second.

Matthias Miller  09:56
If I go to I don't know what I can't remember what maybe Extra This was because if I do ask for reviews

Unknown Speaker  10:11
hang on I'll get Okay, here's here's the here's the article I wanted to get to

Matthias Miller  10:21
you there's a QR code as a QR code but

Speaker 1  10:26
yeah, but it's not because so many of these QR code generators I don't know how they're doing it. But they're being tracking and stuff. I don't know but like they'll expire so do you get that link I sent you? Yeah. QR stuff. Yeah, that one that's actually free

Matthias Miller  10:59
let's try that's a JPEG. Open them up. Looks about right. Let's go back into the sales order.

Unknown Speaker  11:08
Drop it all the way down at the bottom

Matthias Miller  11:15
Well, my wife's phone won't read it. But there you go. You're what won't read it. My little wife's phone?

Unknown Speaker  11:24
I don't know what a wise what's a wise phone?

Matthias Miller  11:27
I went from a smart smartphone to a dumb smartphone. Because I got tired of having discord and Facebook.

Speaker 1  11:36
That sounds like a personal problem. But if you tried an extra, if, if you go put a rich Notes section on the dealer record, and you call that dealer record notes section into into your internal notes into the note sections, boom, you've got a QR code. You probably could even put a URL to it too.

Matthias Miller  11:54
I know you can't reach it. I mean, yeah, you can share the URL as well.

Speaker 1  11:58
You'd have both right there. So when you pop it up, and boom, there's a nice beautiful QR code and Bada bing,

Matthias Miller  12:05
bada bing, bada boom. That was easy. Okay, so here Let's ditch that before somebody gets any ideas

Speaker 1  12:15
let's see. And Alan has the capability to get you the the URLs to each Google Business Listing

Matthias Miller  12:25
I've got that. But I need to ask Mike where he wants online sales to go

Speaker 2  12:32
Oh, gotcha. We only have you heard this that we crossed the wires and it's in here. He went I don't know if you heard that we crossed the wires we've been here

Speaker 1  12:43
is was that the one where from 200 miles away and there was back and forth between Tori and her and who was he woke the customer the

Matthias Miller  12:53
prospects husband who works night shifts

Unknown Speaker  12:57
woke the customer what

Matthias Miller  13:00
the customer had specifically the prospect has specifically given instructions to be careful when she calls because her husband works night shift.

Speaker 1  13:08
So this is a this is this is a prime reason I need to get the the them into the CRM because the opportunity could have been transferred and you would have be able to see all that stuff.

Matthias Miller  13:19
Well. Okay, but there's a bigger issue here at play. Normally, we directly hand off leads. In this case, Ginger should have just laid low. But ginger is on commission. Anyway, it's the bigger commission on commission discussion. So for now we're going to we're going to send people to hands to to vinyl structures. Until we can, if they want to look at a building, but they're not gonna want to buy from the dealer. So if it's a we need it now often a lot inventory, we'll send it over to the dealer. And then once we have the plan currently is once the sales team has ramped up and we'll look at ways to integrate dealers with online sales. Now in sidenote, I'm still not confident that I think these kind of mix like oil and water, but I could be mistaken.

Unknown Speaker  14:18
Wow, oh, he's new this, this, this thing's going to be a little messy.

Matthias Miller  14:22
No, it's gonna be fun. But, you know, that's why I think they should pay you a meter as the band aid. I think it's I don't know. It's painful. But if you take somebody like ginger and you put her into real estate, it's not the right opportunity. But if you put her into into the right opportunity she could do fantastic over there as well. So why do we compete? What were we competing ourselves against ourselves in creating trouble in the process, but

Speaker 1  14:51
anyway? I'm not sure I completely follow. So what are you suggesting?

Matthias Miller  14:57
Okay, imagine I think we've just created internal comms. partition. We've just disrupted the market, except we've disrupted it in such a way that it also affects us internally, ie dealers. It's not that different than our competitors Spring Break besides the dealer and running them out of business, because they've got better leads better, better control of the lease loan sales process, and rented them largely obsolete. And so if they're actually going to be rendered obsolete, then why are we letting them? Is it really fair to them to let them die a slow death? And is it actually reasonable to to? I mean, maybe there will always be the 10 to 20% of buyers who really would prefer to buy it in person. But anyway, I don't know if I'm making sense at all.

Speaker 1  15:41
Yeah, but I understand what you're saying. But I mean, I don't know that you can ever do this without some level of local slash,

Matthias Miller  15:51
yes. In person manufacturer. Close rates are much higher sending somebody to manufacture anyway.

Speaker 1  15:59
Well, sure, but I mean, you have limited range on a manufacturer. I mean, you have that location, and you've got three current big locations. And, you know, you're going to need to have more, more than that. Yeah, I would, I would think, I mean, predominantly, I think your sales are going to shift online. But I mean, I'm not sure you can do it completely without.

Matthias Miller  16:24
But surely there's other ways that I mean, it might actually be cheap, cheaper and better to literally rent a location from a place of business. It could be to try to have a dealer active here. Or, or you might even switch dealers doing that, too. I don't know anyway. I don't mind blowing things up and starting over him. So that's both a blessing and a curse.

Speaker 1  16:54
Well, well, this is this is the this is the rough part is by far, one of the best selling dealers, and the you know, I mean, I knew this was gonna be rough, but it's like,

Matthias Miller  17:10
I don't know. Well, allegedly, there was no promise of having lead flow. So I still think, I mean, with our new round robin thing, it would be very easy to say, what you can buy leads, it's this much per lead in will just increase your daily quota.

Speaker 1  17:27
I don't even want to hear that kind of conversation to take some people off salary or underperforming. Like I'm sorry, you've got you've got people who are making a $60,000 salary that that like she is out sold in half of a year. So like, whatever.

Matthias Miller  17:47
Yeah. Well, again, it's why you always fake somebody else. Do you ever do it yourself? There are people who do that for fun. I don't particularly understand them but rationally I do. But anyway

Speaker 1  18:15
this was this is no, this is not what we intended to talk about. We intended to get I mean, you've got a client a plan going forward. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  18:23
Yeah, we're rocking in do that's that's

Speaker 1  18:26
pretty stinking easy. I I guess you'll have to wait for an update from Josh though to do

Matthias Miller  18:32
it. Right. We need one this weekend at Round Robin is gonna go live?

Speaker 1  18:35
Well, it ain't gonna go live. I can promise you that. Because Josh apparently is got a hang up with a core platform. Do you know anything about it? No. Apparently there's something with the core platform that's preventing him from going live is something to do with the fact that if we went live with an update right now, it would historically send out every single fax was ever sent in our system.

Matthias Miller  19:00
I saw some email exchange about that. The external web API. Well, sorry, Chris.

Speaker 1  19:07
We're hung. We're hung up on until he does an update. And he didn't he didn't seem pretty this morning. He didn't seem confident that they were going to have it sorted out by the this weekend.

Unknown Speaker  19:20
That's fine. This is why by the way, last night I rolled out something in my system. You don't know what it is

Unknown Speaker  19:30
in your system.

Speaker 2  19:32
Yeah. Which you can't get yet. You ever heard of an incident reminder?

Matthias Miller  19:39
I don't know that it affects you that much. But what Listen, what if instead of how

Speaker 1  19:46
the incident reminder because you know what? That is exactly the kind of thing I need.

Matthias Miller  19:52
Oh, I can have them. I'm gonna turn it on for you.

Speaker 1  19:57
Well, so. Okay, total side question. I've got I don't know when these guys are going to walk in here to do some dealer training but total side question. This is non building related to stop sharing your screen because you're a tiny little thumbnail at the very, very top, there you go. There is a potential of a, well, okay, my Leanne sits on the board and Education Board for like a homeschooling methodology, Charlotte Mason Institute, whatever, okay, they are about to take the plunge, they want to go off and write software to do their this really cool curriculum based concepts as a part of their website, yada, yada, yada. And anyway, Leanne started telling me about this thing. And I'm like, first off, the numbers that people are telling you are pretty Wackadoodle. They're saying, like, a million dollars to build this thing. And I'm like, Are you insane? Like, I know what we've I have this general knowledge of what we spent on assists so far. And I can tell you right now, I mean, what do you want to build is less complex than any number of our modules?

Unknown Speaker  21:09
Yeah, no.

Unknown Speaker  21:12
Are you interested in taking on another project? Okay, here's

Matthias Miller  21:18
the price tag I consider it? Well,

Speaker 1  21:21
I think I think it's probably okay, I'm guessing I'm taking a wild guess from the from the very limited amounts that I know, it's probably 100 to $200,000 project, give or take. I don't know that the wildcard is the the customer facing development side of it from the website, like tying into their website and having a really nice user experience.

Matthias Miller  21:53
Right, would be the wild card. One of the things I might do in this particular case, it might make sense to partner them up with one of our development partners. Just would just be involved in an advisory role.

Unknown Speaker  22:14
What does that mean? What's the development partner?

Matthias Miller  22:17
Another development company? Like, let me know, I don't know whether it makes sense to build on our platform. Or if it makes sense to somebody else. I don't say big Actually, I'd be actually interested in building on top of a platform anyway. I think the right thing to do, I'm very interested in having a conversation.

Speaker 1  22:32
Well, here's, here's my interest. My interest is i, this past year, year and a half, two years, I've had a lot of experience, taking people with very hand wavy ideas. And going, you know, we kind of want to do this thing, and like forcing them to drill down and actually define out this thing. And it's going to take somebody like that, it's going to take a year or me to actually like drill into their head and actually get them to lock in on this thing to actually make it into a concept. And really what I want to do is I want to do enough of that, that we can price tag this thing, ballpark price tag this thing. And I think it would it would drive forward, it would be very much drive forward their concept. I mean, we're talking like, they're talking about like a year ish timeframe to build out. Like, I don't know, I don't I don't know where they got their numbers from. I think it was a wild ballpark number, but it's really cool concept.

Matthias Miller  23:34
I mean, it's very interesting. So I know a lot of people throw out numbers without I was going through another high level design this morning. I'm like, I'm really grateful that we charge people to come up with a ballpark price and what it's gonna cost them to do stuff. I cannot imagine all these people trying to sip on numbers for free. And I don't know, because it's just a catastrophe. So Well, I mean, if it's

Speaker 1  23:56
worth it might be worth $1 Spent the three of us get on a phone call, and and, you know, do a high level design on something like this, so that we can ballpark price it.

Matthias Miller  24:10
Well, if nothing else, then walking away with that document of the requirements would be a huge win for them. So I don't know if they have anything like that. But yeah. All right. Okay, sounds good. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai