Speaker 1  00:01
Hey Andy, Fantastic question here. So, as I recall from your email. You said your family is super supportive. So if that's the case, I think, by and large, I'm sure there are some exceptions here but by and large I would say absolutely yes you should do it. If your family's not supportive then, then you have to figure that that out, your kids, kids will definitely pick up on it if, if they're not. So I think a few things that have been really helpful for us. One of them is keep in mind that even though your family, all knows your foster child. Your foster child knows nobody. And I think one of the things that's been really helpful for us is to be able to my, my wife we put together a photo album of the extended family, and would take her foster child through that photo album, and let them know who they're going to meet, and what their names are, and that way it was, Even though it was still pretty overwhelming for the child to meet all these new people, it still didn't completely catch them off guard. The other thing I would say to that we've paid attention special attention to is how well bonded, your children are with you. I think, and, and remaining sensitive to your child's needs. While you're there, so I think for a lot of grownups. If you're not used to seeing children with attachment issues. You see somebody who is, you know, wanting to sit on everybody's laughing and hugging everybody and hanging out with everybody. and to an outsider it can look like, oh he looked like what a friendly child and this is awesome and it feels so at home, but on the other side of the table. Sometimes this is a coping mechanism or it's just a, or sometimes it's just kind of out of ignorance, like, they don't have a close bond with you, and because they have a close bond they kind of try to bond with anybody and it really defeats the bond that you're trying to build with them. And so one of the things that we've done is just let some of our family know beforehand of saying hey look, this child I know they're probably going to want to sit on your lap hang out with you all this other kinds of stuff. One of the things we really want, want to have happened is we would really like for them to be able to develop a bond with us. And so we're just asking you for asking you to give us the chance to bond with them. And then along with that, checking in regularly with with the kid being able to say hey, like, noticing when they're anxious, different kids just kind of shoot up different ways but sometimes they, they're just fidgety they're I don't know, giving them opportunities sometimes to disconnect from all the noise, all the people be able to be by themselves. For some of them getting a little bit of exercise away from everybody else, helping them calm down, having them talk through stuff for some of these, even though it's really good, it can, it can bring up memories and other kinds of stuff that's, that they may not even be that aware of or that conscious of just being sensitive to their needs is really like. We've seen, you know, make a big difference. And there was one other thing I wanted to throw in here as well. Um, I think one of the things to keep in mind is that this can be a really powerful time for your kids, for these for these foster children because they may not have have seen this kind of a support network before. And we've had, we've had foster children who practically wept, well that would that would not show a lot of affection to us, but would practically be buckets when they, when they had to leave extended family because somehow, it touched a part of them that would not have been touched any other way. And so, there's something special that can happen through this so don't let don't all this stuff, scare you off

Speaker 1  04:00
I think something else to keep in mind is that, you know, this will affect every child differently and I know for some of our children their routine was really important for them. And so maintaining as much of the bedtime routine and some things like that was really helpful for them to kind of give an anchor for the day. And, and, yes, so that was one piece that's been helpful sometimes. But again, like these are things, these are things you're not going to do perfectly the first time. It's okay. You don't have to. These are kids, they're super resilient, and, like they just, They just are you. you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai