Unknown Speaker  00:00
Namaste.

Unknown Speaker  01:15
Hey Matthias Hey good morning how are you guys doing this morning? I'm doing well thank Mark ninja on here yet like it's

Unknown Speaker  01:33
yeah doing well over here about you

Unknown Speaker  01:38
doing well You

Unknown Speaker  05:52
Hey Mark Are you there? I am there we go perfect Good morning Mark

Matthias Miller  06:22
I can't see right up on the screen but because you're here yet yeah

Unknown Speaker  06:28
finally welcome

Matthias Miller  06:43
all right well first of all thank you guys for accommodating the schedule change so just by way of an update I believe the duplicates vendor invoices are to be resolved the transaction warning and the I did add your preserve checkbox drew so that's and that applies to the entire transaction so if you for some reason would have a credit card payment especially the only case in which it requires a credit card payment and you click reserve in the chat then you'll see that being preserved on the credit card side as well. If you uncheck the dividend check on the opposite side as well

Speaker 1  07:53
just preserve both ends of it got it

Unknown Speaker  07:56
now is this correct? I mean

Speaker 1  08:01
with this apply to any reconcilable accounts

Unknown Speaker  08:09
yes

Matthias Miller  08:13
and in fact you can manually go into other transactions and checkbox other transactions if you like. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  08:23
That would be good yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:42
And then Mark I started working on your reconcile report I didn't push it too hard knowing that don't require an update to make that happen. I think you've got a fairly clear picture of what needs to be done in order to get it done but

Unknown Speaker  09:09
on my my reconcile report

Matthias Miller  09:27
but yeah, that's so that's what that that part is that and let me see if there was can you anything

Speaker 2  09:38
I'm a little lost on the reconcile report. We talking about list

Unknown Speaker  09:46
that I did.

Speaker 2  09:51
Are you talking about the one that we're drew requested a way to Mark transactions to be there when you do this

Matthias Miller  10:06
yes and those payments or changes are life

Unknown Speaker  10:10
drew so

Matthias Miller  10:14
if you go into configure payment types should be able to control which one

Matthias Miller  10:27
warning sorry lately fine word is sender accounting accounting configuration payment types oops wrong screen

Unknown Speaker  10:53
sky

Matthias Miller  11:03
we'll get to configuration sections

Matthias Miller  11:25
so yeah it's as simple as these two checkboxes on the payment type

Unknown Speaker  11:39
you go Yeah that's fantastic

Matthias Miller  11:56
let's see anything else

Unknown Speaker  12:00
What about payroll module

Matthias Miller  12:01
they mentioned the income statement is fixed the wrapping

Speaker 2  12:06
income statement and then also the payment payment module Asians those were go live as well I believe

Unknown Speaker  12:18
those are live okay

Matthias Miller  12:22
sorry I just realized I had my volume turned all the way down so I was monologuing without really paying attention to what you guys were saying over the last

Unknown Speaker  12:31
three my updates

Speaker 2  12:35
always takes rapping I saw that notice your speed the workaround for the speed and assist that also went live right that's correct. I had one other note here that said it would just probably Josh question be probably answered as well the attachments for deposits on the deposit record know that that one live work Josh was doing to make so that we could add an attachment to the deposit record and then it would save it to s3

Matthias Miller  13:12
Should I mean it appears to yeah it looks like it's working here

Speaker 1  13:21
last time I was able to I just it didn't save after I drag it into there so but it looks like there is an attachment on that

Matthias Miller  13:31
let's give it a try here here Wait screenshot here

Matthias Miller  13:51
yep it's working well you can't download him looks like delete them

Unknown Speaker  14:05
but you can delete them so

Speaker 1  14:08
you can put them on later which can't see you can't see him

Speaker 2  14:24
do we need to get with Josh on that? Let me

Matthias Miller  14:35
let me quick read

Matthias Miller  14:45
let me go ahead and re upload this thing. And just shoot me an email

Matthias Miller  15:12
Josh flued, blues updating, upload, delete but not download attachments. Can you let Mark Andrew know with this fixed? See, for example I sent him an email and you guys can follow up with him as necessary

Speaker 2  15:54
anything else on your list in the class or should we talk about only 24 transition dinos? Yeah, Drew and I were talking right before the call. Yeah, good one

Unknown Speaker  16:18
neat and tidy but

Unknown Speaker  16:24
where should we start? Should I just start with the questions? Yeah, I suppose, or do you? So this is several questions that came up. Okay, so when we apply, going to finish goods, talk about just the individual

Speaker 2  16:51
building record first. So our thought is that that one will have to make sure that all the correct buildings are still listed, we'll have to validate that the correct buildings are listed in finished goods inventory as of 1231. But then, when we know that these 500 buildings really an inventory, then we'll set the percentage is that the three different the raw materials production overhead in the production labor percentages, which will give us a there's there are currently some percentages in there we're going to get.

Speaker 2  17:35
As of 12, all buildings, we have an inventory as of 1231, we're going to consider those being equal as in percentages of like raw materials is, let's say 38% of whatever the manufacturer price is going to apply that for buildings build, going to have some old buildings that were built in 2019 or 2020. We'll apply that same percentage to all those buildings. And then we'll want to freeze basically freeze those numbers because we're going to say anything built in 2003 and prior and freeze those numbers because we shouldn't need to ever change them again. And when we do that, I think we'll also want to clear out the freeze that we did on anything so far like the the actual test it in July for shed time.

Unknown Speaker  18:45
Does that

Unknown Speaker  18:47
make sense so far?

Unknown Speaker  18:50
Yeah, let me

Matthias Miller  18:52
let me see if I will check back to you. And also perhaps think through the impact. So we're building slash FGI. review to make sure FTI is is accurate with what's on physical lots. Is that correct? Yes. And then determine new percentages for FDI costs, and then freeze all FTI building costs, using those percentages and unfreeze any its historical

Speaker 2  19:43
buildings, I would probably switch those two steps around like first unfreeze all any historical buildings so that we can universally apply that same percentage to all buildings in in FGI. Right.

Matthias Miller  20:04
I mean technically, the only reason you need to unfreeze is if you've already frozen something in FTI. Is that right?

Speaker 2  20:17
Yes. And the only ones I would know that we have are the ones that are set to freeze as, like for production. Labor production, production labor, we have some that freeze asked What is it free standard is actual something like that. It would be those and then that experiment we did in July for shit time. Right? We actually did an allocation

Matthias Miller  20:48
that's fair. All right, and then your, your FGI allocation day would be

Unknown Speaker  21:05
well, would we should we? Could we do the same? Would we be better off doing that? mean the date where we freeze them basically?

Matthias Miller  21:20
Would you freeze them on the first?

Speaker 2  21:24
I would freeze them on the 31st 31st. That's all Yeah, what we'll put in QuickBooks. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  21:33
And then

Unknown Speaker  21:37
well, you're not gonna have any

Matthias Miller  21:45
you might have variances then applied on the 31st. If you freeze the costs no. No, I guess not at the accounting basis is nevermind.

Matthias Miller  22:13
If the building basis is actual costs

Matthias Miller  22:20
and then you would have your you'd also have GL entries.

Matthias Miller  22:34
The 31st on 31st for all FTI costs. Plus, well,

Speaker 2  22:41
that was that was my second question. Do we? Do we just enter a lump sum? Like let's say there's 500 buildings and there's the labor portion is 30%? Or what say make it simple? That's $1,000 worth of materials than 500 whatever that number is numbers. Dollars or but do we just do a lump sum? journal entry on the 31st thing or FDI materials is 1 million or do we create link transactions like do we create for every building we say create a debit that is linked to that building that says building is

Unknown Speaker  23:35
under this building is 2500. Do we is there a use case for having actual debits there so that when the building then moves out of finished goods inventory, that it right instead?

Matthias Miller  24:02
The main use case that I can think of is for your benefit. When you want to reconcile individual buildings one at a time

Speaker 2  24:27
like when would we When would we think of situations where we would do that?

Matthias Miller  24:34
Well, it's it's for that fancy report. To say I think we're more interested in it for sales orders. For sales orders that would be okay which sales orders have not been collected? And how do we reconcile sales order AR with accounting AR? The building equivalent would be how do I reconcile building FTI numbers? versus RFTA report and how do I find which building is missing in that your sales orders are gonna get cleaned out much faster than your buildings are, but I don't know if it makes much difference if we do for one versus do it for both

Speaker 2  25:19
mean in a sense, the idea would be that we have that debit entering FDI when the the building was built, just like it's like right now a building that's built today it's a debit to FDI for whatever the standard cost is for that building. So if if we would

Speaker 2  25:52
be debits are great transactions debits for whatever those buildings were built, they were built way back in 2019 we would just show a debit to die for whatever the calculated amount is for raw materials portion the labor and the production overhead be three transactions then when you go to your diagnostics record, it would show those

Unknown Speaker  26:22
but you have to also do the credit side of those transactions to make.

Unknown Speaker  26:37
Thinking to not have cost after expensing?

Matthias Miller  26:53
A what I believe to be a relatively simple approach to this

Unknown Speaker  27:01
okay, How bad would this be? Table rooms?

Unknown Speaker  27:17
What would be

Matthias Miller  27:24
that would be doable? It would be I think significantly easier would be to have all buildings in FTI as of the FTI Alec occation start date be registered on the on the day? In other words, can we apply those costs on the 31st instead of on the date was actually built? Yeah. So

Speaker 2  27:56
okay, then when we go to that diagnostics reported, we just say actual costs were applied on 1231 for all those buildings.

Matthias Miller  28:06
Correct. And we'd also so basically one of the things that we would change see

Matthias Miller  28:20
is any building

Matthias Miller  28:30
any building, this is from Earth pious. And the building still in FDI. By as of FDI allocation start date gets applied to or gets it's concluded as of the age

Matthias Miller  29:12
Okay, and then the and the way we know it's an FTDI is based on

Unknown Speaker  29:27
Well, I guess I would have it here

Matthias Miller  29:33
based on whether it's linked to anything that's not linked to an invoice sales order, is that correct?

Speaker 2  29:47
Yeah, I was thinking that the source of truth that we're going to use is whether it's listed whether or not it's listed on Josh IMS finished goods inventory probably the same thing

Matthias Miller  30:12
that the one on the phone Mini or the one after

Unknown Speaker  30:17
the one off the phone maybe?

Matthias Miller  30:20
Let me go pull that one up

Matthias Miller  30:27
when finished goods inventory report doesn't matter which one costs sales or price or summary

Speaker 2  30:38
use the cost. I think they're both the same criteria, but yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:43
Standard it is, it is actually the same one. Okay, so FGI our buildings

Unknown Speaker  31:08
take state four

Unknown Speaker  31:33
let me do a quick look and see how bad this is? Like it shouldn't be.

Matthias Miller  31:47
Okay, read your logic with Josh's report.

Matthias Miller  32:02
Okay, so then that would get your?

Matthias Miller  32:12
Well, and I mean, this is a little bit of a hack the I mean, because it's happening on the 31st, it would use the ratios as of 31st. So there wouldn't if we re apply standard cost to those buildings, it would

Unknown Speaker  32:29
there wouldn't be any.

Unknown Speaker  32:43
What am I about to get myself into.

Speaker 2  32:49
So this is most likely, like this portion, I see as not having the information we need until mid the end of January where we'll want to, I know that this This report can be backdated the FTI report, but we want to be okay. As of 1231. Here, the percentage is now that we want to verify it that the buildings listed are correct. So this is oversimplifying it, but basically I think of it like you have a spreadsheet and a column where you have the 500 buildings and you have to manufacture prices and then you have three columns. One for each of the like you have girls the labor and the overhead, you enter whatever percentage at the top then it buys those calculates each of those percentages for each building and then basically those benches or values or both is what we want to stomp on those buildings as actual costs for 1231. And then continue to use those high percentages

Unknown Speaker  34:02
sure, in

Speaker 2  34:07
venues until whenever and 24 that we need to make slight adjustments to those. Now

Unknown Speaker  34:23
the only thing I can think of though, is that we'll need to have those percentages entered

Speaker 2  34:36
by 1231, otherwise, it will okay we can enter the percentages were just wow. If we don't have the percentages entered 1230. I was thinking if we don't have the percentage that entered 1231 Then it'll start using whatever it won't use the correct percentage as raw January but we can always 24 We're playing you do actual cost allocations anyway. So it would have

Matthias Miller  35:09
Yeah, we'll just have to go back and clean up.

Matthias Miller  35:28
standard cost for using in January, if we don't get the percentages directly in time, it's fine. Okay?

Matthias Miller  35:44
Let's see, so

Matthias Miller  35:53
Okay, so then that would. So if we do that, then your costs would get applied correctly, the buildings would get pushed into finished goods inventory.

Matthias Miller  36:10
And then you would just need to

Matthias Miller  36:18
appropriately apply your starting balance for your

Matthias Miller  36:27
create appropriate adjustments, so your starting balance for this costs are correct. As well

Speaker 3  36:39
as your

Matthias Miller  36:46
mean, if you, you know, if we apply this transaction automatically, then you're going to show a negative raw materials inventory item and a negative production labor. Total. Oh, and so you'll just have to create manual ledger entries to get those to the correct number.

Speaker 2  37:13
Got it? You're saying? If okay, what we could do is if we have production labor of 250,000, for the buildings in inventory, we would create a journal entry of 250,000. bucks in labor to wipe that out or to zero that out? Right.

Matthias Miller  37:34
And then you would do the same thing for for raw materials, and then you also have an adjustment for raw materials to reflect what your actual raw materials inventory value is.

Speaker 2  37:50
So, okay, well, I think that that's good on finished goods inventory pieces, unless you emphasize you have something to add to that.

Matthias Miller  38:05
is reasonable here, Drew, do you have anything?

Speaker 1  38:06
No, I think that's it. I think that'll work on that with raw materials, then. How is that? Calculate like, I'm understanding that the raw materials inventory sits in the IMSI. And that calculates the value of it. So how does this journal entry figure with that one?

Matthias Miller  38:44
So there is no real integration between the inventory levels? I mean, the way the inventory levels in IMS crosslink with buildings and FGI is at the end of period when you reconcile here's how much inventory was used, versus what we projected as standard costs. That your question and saying the right thing. Okay,

Speaker 1  39:11
so if you know if our physical count is different. And so we say no, we have 10, more two by fours and what this says that we have, how will that affect?

Matthias Miller  39:29
The cost of buildings would be distributed down would be adjusted down. less the price of 10. two by fours.

Unknown Speaker  39:37
Built during that period.

Matthias Miller  39:40
We don't have any accommodation right now for theft or loss.

Speaker 1  39:43
Yeah. Okay. So. So with raw materials, we really would just say, just create a journal entry that says we believe our raw materials value to be this

Matthias Miller  40:03
correct? Yes. Well, plus adjusted for the buildings that yeah, yet. Correct. Okay. Okay.

Speaker 1  40:16
So whatever we come up with on our physical count, as we're saying our value is that's what we would put in minus the needed adjustment for those built buildings that we're having.

Matthias Miller  40:28
Yeah. Yeah, technically plus, but that's getting really persnickety.

Unknown Speaker  40:36
Oh, because they will be discount like.

Speaker 2  40:41
So if what I'm understanding is if we count our inventory on 1231, and we say we have a million dollars IMS, as we have a million dollars worth of inventory. And we also have 175,000 listed in the finished goods inventory site, we would have to enter a journal entry of 1.275. Raw materials on 1231, right? It would be why why? Okay. Now, what I'm more interested in knowing is from that point forward. So accounting says, we received a load of two by fours annual receipts, increases the raw materials. And then on the net, the same day, we build two buildings and it decreases the raw materials, it keeps doing that all throughout the month, and then end of month we do a count and say This thing's based on standard costing we have you'd have 1.5 million in inventory in raw materials. Basic account says we only have 1.3. That additional 200 We have no direct costs that additional 200 He would apply during the actual costing process and say this 200 needs to be proportionately distributed to all buildings fill in January. Correct is that? That is correct. And do all those transactions then? I'm trying to think how that that that process is supposed to handle all of those the correct debits and credits to like increasing finished goods, decreasing raw materials by that amount. Correct. Yeah, making making an adjustment to IMS, like Dwayne's office goes in and enters quantities and IMS and changes those values that does not push any change to accounting? No. But the actual costing pushes to the correct changes to accounting, and it should all just work.

Matthias Miller  43:18
Correct. And those costs get applied as of the date of

Unknown Speaker  43:22
the

Matthias Miller  43:27
sorry, as of the date of the actual cost being applied.

Speaker 1  43:37
So we can do that and 1231 and get it to be part of that. Probably, you know. So we count inventory. We say we need to make an actual cost adjustment. We play that all involve 31.

Matthias Miller  43:53
No, for the 1231 is going to be a one off, I would think. And I think that's just where I work with you guys to make sure that the right things get applied to the buildings and we go figure it out. And then going forward, we use actual cost adjustments.

Unknown Speaker  44:09
I'm not sure.

Speaker 2  44:11
Like I would expect as well. Why would you describe Messiah as kind of a one off thing. But Drew, we're going to well, we'll just work through that. But we're going to have to it'll take a little bit of we'll have to figure out what that process needs to be when we get to the end of every month. I think I'm here. I think we count the inventory. In IMS, get the source of truth, the actual total and what inventory is. And currently we just push that number to QuickBooks and they just make a journal entry and just but now we would say I think the next step, once we have that number established, here's what physical inventory is. Then

Unknown Speaker  45:09
go to

Unknown Speaker  45:11
allocation module and say

Speaker 2  45:19
how much inventory we bought, we consumed, here's how much we actually consumed. And then that difference whether plus or minus, it's applied as an allocation. And by the time we're done with that if we okay, if we have 200,002, and had been applied to assist things, a raw materials is 202. Higher than it actually than the physical column shows. By the time we're done allocating that our balance sheet raw materials should show the correct oh, you should show it as 200,000 lower because it basically moved 200 from raw materials to FTI or failed at the buildings were already sold.

Unknown Speaker  46:14
Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 2  46:20
Been interesting process, though. Good. Well, but we're saying raw materials, there is no value in we just do a lump sum journal entry. There's no I think the other thing that like, we're going to end the year with some items and receive not vouchered. And some items. Obviously, some, some received that voucher, some AP, which those linked back to individual purchases in in IMS, but

Unknown Speaker  46:59
don't need to be concerned about that, right.

Speaker 2  47:11
Where I'm thinking is, so if we receive a load of lumber on 1225 or 27, let's say for 15,000. And so it hits inventory and received about three or 15,000. Invoice comes in, there's a discount, early pay discount that we're going to take that is 14,000 $1,000 Less so all those changes that happen when you what's the difference between receiving that voucher in AP, if that's not linked? Did that load that 15,000 is just part of that lump sum? It's still just work or will that create problems? Because we're going to he would that just a bit but that we would wait to record that. And your invoice in AP till January 2, even if we did get it December 31 or so just

Matthias Miller  48:27
well, here would be my my vote on this one. Josh is the guy who has deep knowledge of PIO and vendor invoice accounting impact. And so I would propose that you guys take it to him Wednesday morning, see what he's got to say. And he doesn't want to if he doesn't want to think about it. I don't mind thinking about it in January. I'm just not sure that I'm prepared to give a coherent answer this morning as far as that goes. All right. That's good.

Unknown Speaker  49:12
So anything else on inventory Drew?

Speaker 1  49:15
Um, with those purchase orders, are you talking about the accounting side or the the inventory that those purchase orders are purchasing like managing that inventory? I mean, on the accounting side, we'll need to have them saved. Like any unpaid bonds will need to be saved. So we know who we're paying.

Matthias Miller  49:52
As far as the purchase orders and vendor invoices, those will can continue it's just the transaction And it's impacting accounting is going to shift. And so you'll still see which ones are paid unpaid. The only thing we're deleting are the journal entries that make the adjustments for for those items. Where were you talking about? Was there something else you were talking about with that?

Speaker 1  50:28
No, I'm just trying to understand what you were. What you're wanting to ask us to ask Josh on. Is that in relation to how those affect accounting or how those affect inventory?

Matthias Miller  50:42
Affect accounting? Okay, okay.

Speaker 2  50:57
Good, well, should we move to asset accounts? DREW? Yeah, good. And maybe you've discussed this in depth already. So I don't imagine just reading what you had here. asset accounts AR and undeposited funds, and liability accounts received not vouchered. And AP and customer deposits will use assist IMS a source of truth and be brought over to granular level.

Speaker 2  51:26
AR I think we're what needs to happen there but undeposited funds, if not vouchered, BP, and customer deposits. Matthias our thought there was basically that, with the work we're doing now, with reconciles trying to get all of the payments recorded by end of year. And all deposits recorded by end of year is that while if we take other that funds for is ideally should end the year with only the only transactions that don't CRO each other out and undeposited funds, meaning they hit undeposited funds, and were then taken out, the only ones we should end the year with are the ones that are still truly on the positive funds are still monies that somebody recorded on an invoice, or that the recorded as having received from the customer, but they were never have not yet been deposited into the bank should be a pretty small mound. So as a sanity check or double check what our thought was that we could have a report have a way to look at those transactions as of 1231, and then create a report off of that and say, you know, doing these 10 transactions and undeposited funds, and then give us orthotics. And we need to define what the patient we need on those reports. But something like customer name, who the dealer was, when they said they collected the payment when they made the sale information on what they sold the building or whatever amount of the deposit just as a sanity check to basically be accounting thing. Owning taking this report and going to whoever's responsible for or that manager, whatever in that company thing. Here's what we show as truly undeposited funds as of 1231. You just run through this and verify or point out anything that looks odd or unusual to you.

Unknown Speaker  54:20
And hopefully that's

Speaker 2  54:22
everything. Yeah, everything looks good. We just and at that point, there's nothing to do like the transactions Well, the only thing am I correct that you're going to only keep those transactions and all other transactions you're going to wipe out so that we don't have all historical transactions

Speaker 1  54:53
or where we would need to mark those to be preserved.

Matthias Miller  54:59
Yeah, that would be Under the, in the reconciling, Drew would mark those as needing to be preserved and

Unknown Speaker  55:07
then those would be preserved.

Speaker 2  55:10
So we can do that for AR for receiving that voucher AP costume or any of those that we choose to.

Matthias Miller  55:18
Yes. So my plan with that, though, is that those will become unlinked transactions that will basically be as if they were manual journal entries

Speaker 2  55:35
is that now? Won't we need those to be linked like the undeposited funds? And the customer deposits so that those like customer deposits if we were going to end the year with deposits from customers, where we then invoice in January? If they're unlinked, how will when we go to invoice? How will we know? I will assist know what to link to the net to AR?

Matthias Miller  56:15
It doesn't it's just going to assume so So basically, the way it kind of impact works is it looks at a sales order and says what are the what are the events? What are the dates of the events? And where does it go. And if there any events prior to the FDA allocation start date, then then no transactions get created. So for that section of it, so it's going to assume that, that that was already handled, and then at the point of invoicing, or the point of deposit deposit moves it from undeposited funds into the actual account. And so the main thing that this would impact would be your fancy report that says, I want to reconcile, let's say that we use you want to use your fancy report to say I want to reconcile undeposited funds that report or or it's it's I want to reconcile AR or I want to reconcile whatever it is if we treat these as manually created transactions, then we will not then that linking would be broken. And you're the that that report would not be able to say would not be able to recognize that these funds have indeed been deposited or that sales order has been selected. Now we could change that was how I was anticipating to handle it. Now we could change this I survived the apocalypse too. This is a manually created this is a manually created transaction. And And whereas normally we would void out transactions like that, that we don't recognize we would just let it continue as is. And this is actually something that persist beyond the apocalypse. And actually we give you the ability to say yes, this is a manual accounting transaction but don't touch it. I know what I'm doing

Speaker 2  58:52
now when you say our fancy report, are you talking about the diagnostics report that you build?

Matthias Miller  58:59
No, this is a new report you were cross your fingers hoping for by end of year that says that well? No. Is it diagnostics report? I'm not sure which diagnostics the new one the like the accounts receivable diagnostics report. I want to I want to I want to reconcile accounts receivable in

Unknown Speaker  59:19
and

Matthias Miller  59:22
accounting versus what we see on the sales orders because there's a discrepancy and I want to find out where it is.

Speaker 2  59:30
That report that you're working on that. That shows discrepancies that prevents transactions from put into accounting

Matthias Miller  59:41
no this is different.

Matthias Miller  59:48
This is the report that's okay let's say that AR shows 118k receivable and the He in accounting, it says 118k and the AR report rewrite it says 114k and we don't know where that 5k difference comes from. So being able to break down the accounting into per sales order items to be able to know which of those items have a zero balance within accounting so that we know which ones are causing the discrepancy

Speaker 1  1:00:37
if you unlinked all these then that discrepancy report which show these as a discrepancy

Matthias Miller  1:00:45
Correct. All these carried

Unknown Speaker  1:00:47
over okay.

Speaker 2  1:00:50
Oh, even even if you have a $5,000 debit and a $5,000 credit, it wouldn't know that the two go together that is put on link

Matthias Miller  1:01:01
so I guess I'm wondering whether perhaps a better better approach would be to

Matthias Miller  1:01:14
let's go beyond the apocalypse. And basically have this be a flag obviously recognized during then when we'd be before we wipe out transactions but also have it be to indicate that even though this appears like an automatic transaction, it should not be voided just because it doesn't line up with it should be ignored for the sake of waiting or modifying the record

Matthias Miller  1:01:49
I guess so. I'm afraid we're going to get ourselves in a little bit of trouble with that. Not sure. Well,

Speaker 1  1:01:58
so So down the road, when when all of these let's say it's undeposited funds, they're online unlinked. Or if we go that route, and we just unlink them and you know, by middle of January, we have them all deposited Is there a way to make so they just come off of that report and are not like so that in February or in July when we're trying to run this report, they're not they're no longer harming our report. Because we know they've been we know they've been taken care of and they're on through and all that

Matthias Miller  1:02:46
you know, what the best ways to do that? I mean, I'm sure there's

Unknown Speaker  1:02:52
some way that we can

Speaker 1  1:02:57
good we drive it by date because these should all be undeposited funds as of 1231. And then we run our report as of one 124.

Matthias Miller  1:03:19
So you would exclude anything any any records or having a negative balance as of that specific

Unknown Speaker  1:03:27
Say that again?

Matthias Miller  1:03:30
I'm sorry, getting a little bit to see how, how that would work the so you would have

Speaker 1  1:03:38
now these would have to come in as one 124 That's right.

Matthias Miller  1:03:43
You're gonna have to have no all prior transactions in order to know what the outstanding balance if or how to know whether these things zero out otherwise everything's gonna show Yes, you can't do it like that. But then you're going to show a rolling some kind of rolling window where some are are negative and some are positive even though they they tie out to a previous period right. I wonder if we could get away with we could probably get away with

Matthias Miller  1:04:33
I'm gonna make a proposal that we take a look at. I think this can happen next year. I don't think it has to happen. Immediately we can pull back linking information

Matthias Miller  1:05:16
yeah it should be pretty localized

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
Okay, I think that's what we do and then that gets those to work appropriately and I think I think it's local localized enough that we don't have to worry too much about too much about it

Speaker 2  1:05:52
You mean you're planning to figure out how to link those those transactions like they would be moving forward in January like new transactions

Matthias Miller  1:06:09
yeah they would anything that we look to preserve well except it doesn't work for I don't know though because

Matthias Miller  1:06:32
as long as you keep your multi so payments, payment records or anything that's preserved and has undeposited funds I think we're find deposits don't matter because

Matthias Miller  1:06:54
we won't be needing to track those

Speaker 1  1:07:20
so the customer deposits you and with those should be tied out as well when they need to be

Matthias Miller  1:07:35
Yeah, but we don't need those we don't need any historical there's

Matthias Miller  1:07:44
but those aren't hanging around I mean those are said and done on the date of execution there is no holding account I think the things that we care about are holding accounts like a P AR

Speaker 1  1:08:02
No I'm thinking customer deposits as in a customer makes a deposit on a building oh you know he it's a liability paid something now we owe him a building similarly

Speaker 2  1:08:21
it'd be a credit to liabilities and then an asset or a debit to do an increase undeposited funds as an acid

Matthias Miller  1:08:34
I think this is somewhat akin to buildings where if I think the question is what do we want to

Matthias Miller  1:08:54
let's take a look let's figure out let's generate system so it's so invoicing?

Matthias Miller  1:09:29
We doesn't that mean that we should basically for any sales order prior any sales or activity prior to any sales or activity and deposit Okay. undeposited funds customer deposits and write offs

Matthias Miller  1:10:00
invoice rows, salary income

Speaker 3  1:10:11
invoicing, shipping discounts

Matthias Miller  1:10:19
I mean, when options option to do here is do the same thing as

Matthias Miller  1:10:32
as we did with buildings on the first date of the allocation, we would basically date all historical transactions as of that date to get them all in there so they can be tracked and you create deltas to get them to the correct opening balance, and it means that you may actually show revenue and expenses for 23.

Matthias Miller  1:11:04
Although you could create journal entries to zero that out as well what are your thoughts on that?

Speaker 1  1:11:28
As long as we can read the journal entry to cancel them out, affecting 23 books, and we were and we would just be, like coming into 24 All that we would have would just be like, who has paid us, you know, and that's connected to those proper things? Because, like, if they haven't been invoiced yet, then then it would not be a sale so it's not income for 23 in those that all become income for 24.

Matthias Miller  1:12:15
Yeah, so you would have to basically run accounting impact take a look at at the at the income and then create reversal transactions to zero out so it doesn't show income for 2023 I think I mean in your

Matthias Miller  1:12:50
it's a bit weird, but I mean, if we don't do that

Matthias Miller  1:13:02
that's a very simple way to go about it. On my end, I'm not sure about your end

Matthias Miller  1:13:15
but if we don't go about it that way. Yeah, I'd be a bit concerned about complexity. If we try to figure out other one off cases the only other thing that I would potentially be comfortable with is some kind of flag that says we're going to we're going to come up with some kind of process to manually create all of these things and and then tie them out but I don't know as long as you guys are comfortable with this I think I think it makes the most sense to have have us apply all those individual bits and pieces and push them in so that you can link them backwards as far as you need to and you can you guys create whatever adult is that you need to to get the get the 23 income statement and balance sheet the income statement zeroed out in the balance sheet to the appropriate place

Unknown Speaker  1:14:22
Yeah, I think that would work.

Speaker 2  1:14:30
So, are you saying on a sales order push any transactions that happened in 23 on a on a given sales order. That has carry Okay, sales orders that have had had activity and 23 and carry over into 24. All the 23 transactions that we have so that we can link back to those so that have that hit for that those transactions, but then just create offsetting journal entries to wipe those out or to to offset those in 23.

Matthias Miller  1:15:20
Well, honestly, the easiest thing is to do for all sales orders across all time. Now that might be completely unreasonable. Well, I

Speaker 2  1:15:30
mean, that's, I've been wondering about this, like, do we do it technically? Do we even need to? Or should we even wipe out all the transactions we were planning to are talking about because this is over simplified, but income statements, zero out January 1, then those accounts all start over. And balance sheet, we're a goal is to have a correct numbers on our balance sheet 1231 so that we can start one one with the correct balances. Yet to that correct balance 1231? Are we better off to just leave all those transactions, they're just the journal entries to offset what we need to get to preserve all transactions into 23? We have those to link back to I mean, is that is that basically what we're saying that we we do that or

Matthias Miller  1:16:40
what's the harm in that?

Speaker 2  1:16:44
Well, that's, that's what might, because we're not going to go back and 23 to pull financial reports, but we are going to go back and 23 to look or like to know, to follow the threads of you know, sales order was received to deposit in and another payment in August. And then the building was finally delivered in September, there was still an outstanding balance that we carried over in AR and 24. If we preserve all those transactions it would make sense to me, but I'm not. Oh, Are there parts that were missing to that? Who can you think of?

Speaker 1  1:17:36
Um, I mean, I don't know. Theoretically. When when you go from one year to the next, that's what you're doing. You know, you say, Okay, our books, say we have this. And you print out your trial balance and your accountant makes adjustments and says, Okay, well, you need to depreciate it here and there, and yada, yada. And he makes journal entries and adjustments. And then, and then you say, Okay, we're done with 23. Now we're going on our journal entries would just be more than, than the normal journal entries, because it's there basically ignore everything else as far as dollar values in these accounts, you know, total values, and we're just making it say what it's supposed to say. I mean, it's kind of a new thought to me is that I'm gonna have to do some processing. But I think that should work.

Speaker 2  1:18:48
Would it not be cleaner that are more accurate? I mean, it seems like it's the difference of we've all the transactions that were there create journal entries to offset them

Matthias Miller  1:19:00
appropriately, are

Speaker 2  1:19:04
but figure out only the transactions we need to keep normally keep those there.

Speaker 1  1:19:18
Well, like so by default? If we were trying to figure out why we thought we need to wipe them all out numbers, there wasn't just a whim.

Matthias Miller  1:19:33
Well, I think the idea was, you guys are going to go do all kinds of crazy stuff and do testing and you're going to try to Well, let me place it like this. I think the idea was you guys are going to test with fake data, not real data. I think that's the one sentence answer.

Matthias Miller  1:19:58
And I'm not sure who in there right mind would think that an accountant would actually testings with big data when they've got access to real data. But yeah.

Speaker 1  1:20:13
Um but it would really simplify like, so if we, if we did this straight, if, if we can figure out exactly which transactions need to be held and all their links going into 24, so that everything works out, right? If we can figure that out then then we should be able to say, okay, here they are, make journal entries to make all the account totals become the right numbers. And we're good to go. Is that

Matthias Miller  1:21:01
right? So so the, here's the one thing I can think of that could throw a wrench in the gears. And that is, if you run any previous year comparison reports, then boy, are you going to be up in revenue from January to January to May or whatever. So you just need to know that your previous year comparison reports are going to be wonky for 24 back, but I think we already know I mean, yeah, it's worse to have bad numbers and zeros. But if you know that, and you're fine with that, I think that's the only thing I can think of from my standpoint.

Speaker 1  1:21:40
There's one thing that comes to my mind. Is there anything that could make changes to those numbers? Like, occasionally, I'll have reconciled out everything that I thought was there. And then just just here the other day, there was a some payment or something from May showed up again, now, it couldn't be that I accidentally missed it. But is there anything that with our tweaks of numbers will, like with our tweaks of logics, and so on, will create changes to 23. And suddenly, the adjustment that we thought we were making to make 23 and correctly, is now $5,000? Higher than it used to be? Or whatever? Well?

Speaker 1  1:22:47
Yeah, or is that a matter of just printing out? Once we have it right, and printing out the balance sheet, save it somewhere? And then at the end of 24, say, Okay, now, are our beginning numbers still the same as they were when we started?

Matthias Miller  1:23:02
Well, that's maybe not the ideal, but it's not the worst idea in the world.

Speaker 2  1:23:12
With you pointing that, no, no, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  1:23:18
I have a few thoughts to that. One is we have this job written up to the early next year to make sure that users can't make changes to close periods. I mean, if you have a payment from December 12, and you entered it wrong, I'm sorry, it's too late. Right? You got to keep moving and you got to go talk to Drew or somebody to figure out how to fix your problem. And you'll remember to do it right next time. But so that's part one, part two that we could do is we could we could do a report for what are modifications to transactions prior to closed periods. So while it's not completely locking it down, it does give you visibility as well, either to prior periods or modifications to reconcile transactions, whatever it is. And that would at least give us visibility into some of these things that go sideways, that might be shifting.

Speaker 1  1:24:20
Well, I think either are all of the above would be would be great.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:25
Yeah. Like, that's

Speaker 1  1:24:27
correct, you should not be able to make an adjustment like once once 23 is considered to be closed, you should not be able to make adjustments to it. At least not as of 23 dates, you know, you can in 24 you can and maybe note something this is because of so and so but, but but also just having that report to show any changes you know, if something automatically pushed through or an account, you know, there was a child account was created and suddenly things shift and I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:25:05
Okay, well, I can't find where this is written up, but I thought it was somewhere.

Speaker 2  1:25:33
is wondering Do we do we one, like if we were talking now about just keeping all the transactions and then all entries to offset those correctly? Are we sure that we want all those loads and loads of transactions for 23? That mean? No, I'm kind of going back to what would happen if Drew and I spent some time and said, Okay, AR here's, here's what's going to be our source of truth for AR. And then we only want to keep any transactions linked to imagine an AR report 10 buildings still outstanding 1231 We only want AR transactions linked to these 10 invoices.

Speaker 2  1:26:33
It seems like that would be in a possible solution. But is that too much? Is that not feasible?

Speaker 2  1:26:51
If you go back in 2003, you wouldn't, you know, looking at 23 transactions, you wouldn't have hundreds and 1000s of other transactions that have all been zeroed out? Or were you know, from early on testing and whatever that on Apply. You have to Oh, those?

Matthias Miller  1:27:21
Sorry, can you run that one more time?

Speaker 2  1:27:25
Oh, so I'm kind of circling back to where I think what we had been looking for. But I'm gay. Let's use AR as an example. So if Drew and I was really basic. So if we take our AR report and 1231, we say the one in IMS, we say these 10 buildings are the only ones that are still on AR outstanding balances as of 1231 10 buildings with these balances. Could you just take that and say okay, the AR account, the only transactions we're keeping are the ones linked to these 10 or anything else gets wiped out only those only the transactions linked to these 10 buildings

Unknown Speaker  1:28:29
are preserved

Speaker 2  1:28:32
then it's could we do that or it seems like that would be the cleanest way we possible to get break starting balances for January and not have piles of useless data in 23.

Matthias Miller  1:28:58
Which I think takes us back to the these are going to be tied out to records please ignore them. Anything that you want to have exist as of the beginning of the year, it's up to you pretty manual process pretty localized on our end as far as what we need to do. I mean, I don't personally have a problem with that. I don't I can't remember why we moved away from that.

Speaker 2  1:29:32
So when you say a pretty manual process, you're saying to link those to preserve those and link them?

Matthias Miller  1:29:40
No, you just need to know I mean, what I mean is you just need to make sure that you know exactly what it is that you're wanting to have happened with them. Or I'm sorry, the manual processes, finding all those transactions is going to be pretty in and knowing which ones you want to keep, that's gonna be pretty manual. Or it could be that's going to require some time. But

Speaker 1  1:30:15
then there would also be a list of vendors invoices that we'd want to keep anything attached to them as well. Right? They might be sitting in accounts payable or

Speaker 2  1:30:27
actually, yeah, good point, it would only be here. So here's a list of sales orders or invoices to like to shed customers that we want to any transactions tied to sales orders slash invoices. The second list would be any transactions tied to these vendor invoices? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:31:01
I have an idea. This sounds a lot like Mark your reconciliation report. And it's basically like go find all accounting transactions that do not have a zero balance as of December 31. And keep them but delete everything else.

Speaker 1  1:31:27
You're saying by a zero balance? You mean they haven't moved on through the account? Like they've come in to undeposited funds but haven't gone out? Or they've come into AP and haven't gone out? Correct?

Speaker 3  1:31:37
Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:31:46
That would would void transactions, like let's say, we have a, we end the year with a sales order, that customer made a $5,000 deposit that moved on through and then it was invoiced on both 28th. We still have an AR balance remaining, that that $5,000 costume deposit, because those would have zeroed each other out those would be gone. I was anticipating we would try to keep those because they were linked to a sales order. Yet, but there might be no value in that. I mean, we're going to have that that information is still going to be on the sales order record, will it not like that's what I mean Daymond.

Matthias Miller  1:32:41
Here's, we could tweak the logic somewhat and say that keep all transactions well. becomes a little more tricky, though. Here's the problem. You you have one sales order that got processed entirely in December? No, is this a problem? What if somebody makes a payment, this practically doesn't happen. But it could happen, somebody makes a payment to five sales orders. And two of them close out in December and one of them still hangs hangs around until January. Anyway, go ahead Drew.

Speaker 1  1:33:25
Well, what if you would create that report? You know, of all those unbalanced transactions, make sure we can connect them to a sales order or a vendors invoice. And then we would still just go through and flag everything we want to keep, you know, which would mean any customer deposits going with them. And then instead and then you'd still just delete whatever is not flagged. Yep. I'm just afraid there's a little bit of unbalanced stuff hanging around for who knows when. So Right. So just blanket save everything unbalanced. I'm not like that's pretty much what everything is in here. Right. So that's a little bit my concern with that approach. But if we could, if we could get the report, okay, here are here's all the items that we are needing to carry something over and then we just go through and flag everything that needs carried over. And you know, it could be a thing where if we're going to carry over one part, we kind of need to carry over the whole kit and caboodle associated with that vendors invoice then we might just have to do that and make journal entries for those remaining pieces or something. I don't know Think about that a little bit. But well,

Matthias Miller  1:35:06
this to me sounds like a case of we found a solution that does not require sorry. Yeah, that's simple on the technical side puts the burden of responsibility on accounting to figure it out with the, with the required tools to go make those decisions like

Speaker 1  1:35:40
Drew, they just say I forget what the what what it's called, but But it's basically you know, we're just working with numbers that were given us making them do the right thing. So we're not saying it's all accurate, we're just saying it's as accurate as I was given.

Matthias Miller  1:36:00
Great.

Speaker 2  1:36:02
Drew basically, what you're saying is, is our job to come up with a withheld box from report from assists, but to come up with a here are the sales orders that we need to carry over parts and pieces over the end of the year, basically, any sales orders that were not completed close out in 23. And we have another list here, all the vendor invoices that the same thing started but not been closed out. And then

Speaker 2  1:36:38
now, they've all of those transactions tied to each one of those. Are those over?

Speaker 1  1:36:48
Is that something that we're going to have to do in a accounting pause at the end of the year? And figure out what they are, and then be able to move on making entries into 24? Or is that something we can sit down some beautiful balmy day in January and say, Okay, this is what everything's been as of the end of the 23

Matthias Miller  1:37:19
you guys do live in Ohio. I'm not sure you should wait for a beautiful balmy day come to Colorado to do this maybe.

Matthias Miller  1:37:33
Is there? I mean, I don't see why. I don't see why it has to be done prior to.

Speaker 1  1:37:46
Well, if we do it on January 16, and we received a payment on something on the 10th that had been payable as of the end of the year. Like how are we going to know because when we go to do the reports, it's gonna say it's paid

Matthias Miller  1:38:08
well, we can my report can do because my report is running off of accounting data. My report can run off of a date range

Speaker 2  1:38:20
also you can in druzy example they as of one one, it will ignore the payment made on the 10

Unknown Speaker  1:38:30
Correct? It will

Speaker 1  1:38:37
you so as long as we could have those reports and they would they would give us the numbers as they were on 1231 We could do this whenever necessary, or whenever I get to it. April 13.

Speaker 2  1:39:01
Yep. Or before so. So what what you will need then is a list of sales orders and vendor invoices.

Matthias Miller  1:39:12
Well, I'm thinking I can pretty much give you guys the rain. The reins on this. I give you the report. You guys figure out what transactions you want to keep.

Speaker 2  1:39:33
report where we enter a sales order numbers and then

Matthias Miller  1:39:39
actions tied to it. I'm giving you the fancy I need a name for this besides diagnostic because we got other diagnostic reports. Maybe it's the

Unknown Speaker  1:39:53
the unbalanced transactions report.

Matthias Miller  1:39:55
Yeah, unbalanced transactions. And so I'll give you a report that shows remaining transactions and or your transactions with balances. And then you what you will do is it's interesting thinking. So then what you will do

Matthias Miller  1:40:33
in that report, you can you can you can see those transactions and say, I want to keep this one, this one, this one in that one, but not this other one.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:48
And then,

Speaker 3  1:40:50
good. Well, you have a report for

Speaker 2  1:40:55
each account that we're looking at like an AR and undeposited, received net vouchered, AP customer deposits all of those.

Matthias Miller  1:41:03
Yeah, I mean, it'd be the same. Same report, you just run it against different accounts. Oh.

Speaker 2  1:41:14
So it would be very similar to the AR report you sent to me.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:27
I think so.

Speaker 2  1:41:40
What should be our next steps on this? Like, for our call it three today? What would be? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:41:52
let me ask this question. What are the things? This seems to me like, it's really good to think through. But if we're not entering some of this stuff, if we're not concerned about again, getting our reports right until mid January, besides the fact that I mean, just general January busyness but I'm down to what are the final pressing issues that if not resolved before January 1, are going to put us into a world of pain. I unfortunately have things on Saturday that I did not get get to that I need to chase down before I head out of town. And so I would I kind of feel like we were do we need to call it three? What are the things that we need to have done? What's what what is on our what is on our triage list for end of year.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:01
And then the biggest thing from

Speaker 1  1:43:05
I'm sorry, on, we've talked about having the vendors invoices, well things items are received not vouchered. And then at the end of the year pushing vendor invoicing off until after the 20, after the first to give us a break. Is that necessary if we do it this way? Because we can say as of January 1, I mean, as of December 31. This was in receiving a voucher, and this was an accounts payable, like it should be pretty clear what was where?

Unknown Speaker  1:43:44
Oh, good point,

Speaker 2  1:43:45
the only thing I would might suggest is can we make so that no transactions can post January 1, and maybe that's silly. I'm just thinking we want to be able to make so that I think we want to have 1231 Because those are the numbers that we're going to take them into QuickBooks. Then we want our QuickBooks numbers 1231 QuickBooks numbers to match on the balance sheet or one one balance sheet numbers, in assists, that if we if we just January 1, you can't post any any transactions you try to post January 1 are just automatically going to push to January 2.

Speaker 1  1:44:33
As far as entries over time, when we get to actually setting our beginning entries, we could take away that thing so we can actually put post them to the first

Matthias Miller  1:44:46
Can we just run a report or beef before we pull those numbers? Can we run a report for all transactions dated on the first and if they're linked to any accounting transactions that need to that? I mean if there aren't any even change the related event to the second.

Speaker 2  1:45:04
Oh, yeah, I mean, nothing should happen on the first anyway. But building deliver, we're not delivering buildings, we're not sales or sales lots open.

Speaker 1  1:45:21
So really, we just we just pull up anything that happened on the first and and redirect it to the second and then do our entries on the first. Yes.

Speaker 2  1:45:37
Well, then, is there I mean, what is? What's your thought truth? Do we? Is there anything else that we need from the fires?

Speaker 1  1:45:51
Not that I know of now. You know, because, I mean, I'm going to be continuing to work on these deposits reconciles.

Speaker 1  1:46:10
You know, and those, I mean, all of that information really cannot be finished until into January anyway. Because I won't have those statements until, I don't know. In their little ways, I won't I won't know which outstanding which are, which are outstanding checks until whenever Whitney gets her thing done. It's a reconciled on. So and what I am using has been working. So I think we're good. I mean, probably Christmas day, we'll come up with something that is needed. But

Speaker 2  1:46:58
I mean, I feel I feel pretty good about the, like, starting January 1 24. Just everyday normal run of the mill stuff that those transactions are going to just, you know, it'll all just for the most part just work. Like eating product paying vendor invoices receiving payment recording deposits. So, I mean, maybe you have a different feeling on this do but I'm much less concerned about daily transactions and processes happening from January 1 to January 31. Then I am about closing out 23 and getting accurate starting information.

Matthias Miller  1:47:56
Input for first.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:00
Yeah, I would be the same. I mean, it the stuffs there like it works. So Well, I really think we're good to go.

Unknown Speaker  1:48:17
I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:48:22
those are the seven most beautiful words I've heard this year. So

Matthias Miller  1:48:31
I would if it's if it's all the same to me. I think there's one the one little thing. I think there were some deposits. I can't remember if I made those deposit changes. I've got a whole host of just a laundry list of things unfortunately that I have not I don't feel like I've kept up very well excluding already deposited items in the deposit window and something like that. But if I have a chance to get to you I would like to get to before before I head out, but I feel like if this is where we're at, then let's I would I would opt to cancel the one o'clock and if something comes up over the next two days, I would say I can't guarantee how much I'm going to be in my email but feel free to call and let's see what what options are but basically plan that plan the Drew's right and take a look at this. January reconvened January 3

Unknown Speaker  1:49:33
That's risky.

Matthias Miller  1:49:37
Right

Unknown Speaker  1:49:40
well, it's

Matthias Miller  1:49:43
there's always good cop bad cop so you can blame me for my resizing blaming you for Yeah, whatever. That's the good good

Speaker 2  1:50:01
that report your your you talked about creating? I mean, is that a report you're going to have in January sometime? Right? That won't be now.

Matthias Miller  1:50:11
I would give it an narrow chance, depending how my day shapes up that it could be now, but I guess it's

Unknown Speaker  1:50:22
looking to be

Matthias Miller  1:50:25
before you with the details of why it's complicated, but there are some complexities in it that

Unknown Speaker  1:50:31
Yeah. So

Matthias Miller  1:50:36
it is looking like beginning of January, not now, but unless there's a yeah, that if if you'd be using it this week. I can see what.

Speaker 1  1:50:55
Alright. Well, we won't be because it's not going to do us any good until after the year is over. We're.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:10
Good, good. Awesome.

Speaker 1  1:51:12
Mark, where are you wanting to continue the conversation on transition then? On our ends? Or?

Speaker 2  1:51:20
Yeah, maybe later today? What time is good for you?

Unknown Speaker  1:51:25
Um, I don't know. Maybe right after lunch?

Speaker 3  1:51:34
One o'clock? Yeah. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:51:41
I will plan to call you then. Besides, if I don't talk to you. Or you leave. Merry Christmas. Happy New Year. Have a good good vacation. And thanks for everything you've done. This year. So?

Matthias Miller  1:52:03
Yeah, you're welcome. And same to both of you guys. Mark, I hope that you can enjoy your week off with family and hopefully not stress too much about all of this stuff.

Speaker 2  1:52:17
Well, I just expect Drew is going to take care of itself.

Speaker 2  1:52:26
So besides, you're going to be out of town there you should be getting a a package of some eats, kind of last minute but hopefully before Christmas. So

Unknown Speaker  1:52:38
I guess is it gone and it shows up? I'm not sure. I could get tracking on and see where it's at.

Matthias Miller  1:52:46
If you don't mind getting tracking, and I'll have one of my we get neighbors who live not too far around the frenzy live not too far around the corner. And we'll see if there. There'll be around and see if they can, they can help us out.

Speaker 2  1:53:01
I kind of hate for some artists and cheese. And I kind of need for that right on your doorstep.

Matthias Miller  1:53:08
We had we had a similar situation with an address changing the hand and so our former neighbor who got sent to her old house and we forgot to update you guys on that. And I got a picture from our former neighbor about it he opened up the package and put it in their fridge. Fortunately had enough self control not to eat it then you know himself but

Unknown Speaker  1:53:36
so are you Where are you traveling?

Unknown Speaker  1:53:41
southern Ohio even remember?

Unknown Speaker  1:53:50
I want to say it's

Matthias Miller  1:53:57
sounds about right. Sounds bloomingville I want to say is that maybe it's not southern? That's not as far south as I thought it was. I've got in addition to this, I've got inlaws who've took a cave and renovated it into a b&b. I think current price is somewhere maybe in the vicinity of a grand or two and I don't really remember for sure. So they were they were out to visit and and our kids struck it off with them. So we're hoping to spend some time with them won't be staying in the cave this time, but I think they're booked through half of next year at this point. Anyway, they did offer if you want to stay at night, there's some time they they would they would let us do that at a substantially reduced rate.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:00
It's been fun random back.

Speaker 2  1:55:03
Yes. I haven't heard that before a cave for an Airbnb. Wow. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:55:08
they have a dehumidifier that pumps out I forget what they said 50 gallons a day or something. So yeah.

Speaker 2  1:55:20
Well if you're if you're in southern Ohio and you get bored on vacation, I would. I would take time out of my Christmas vacation to if you want it to meet somewhere I would accommodate that for sure. So thank you

Matthias Miller  1:55:37
all I'll have to take a look. I don't even know like how far are we from? About two and a half hours. Maybe?

Unknown Speaker  1:55:48
You guys? Yeah. Yeah. Well,

Speaker 2  1:55:57
they've traveled in. Good. Yeah. Have an enjoyable

Matthias Miller  1:56:04
vacation. All right. Yeah, we'll do this was Merry Christmas to you guys as well. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:56:11
thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai