Speaker 1  01:10
Hey there? All right, can you hear me now? Okay. Sorry, I'm at home my, on my laptop and it has its own funding issues. So here's my question. You are doing online sales team restricted user. I'm doing brick and mortar. And I feel like we're traveling parallel pads. And I go off and put something on brick and mortar. Which I have a feeling your, your team would want? How do we how do we keep ourselves in alignment here? So that? Are we just is it just a hey, do you want this? And then or what's your thoughts? So?

Matthias Miller  02:30
Well, I mean, ideally, we would go through and we would say, Well, what do you have? And what do we what do I have? And how do we figure out how these things play together? That would be the ideal scenario.

Speaker 1  02:40
And bring everybody onto one. Yes, yeah, you're gonna do things like I have a feeling you're gonna do things that are not necessarily applicable to brick and mortar people like your Oh, what did you have? I saw there on one point, some sort of referral thing that you were testing out and

Matthias Miller  03:06
okay, but we can have different menus, pointing to the same reports.

Speaker 1  03:15
We can have different names, but pointing to the same reports. Explain.

Matthias Miller  03:26
Hey, we just hide that menu option for you guys, for you.

Speaker 1  03:29
How would you how would you do exclusions for menu options?

Matthias Miller  03:38
You'd have a base list that shared and then you have individual lists that are offended.

Speaker 1  03:44
Okay. Okay, so here's, I'll tell you what I did I, I was having a conversation with a lot of brick and mortar dealers. And I had built this report for the end of the day where it breaks. It's basically kind of like it a little bit like this, the helper report from the sales curve of the breakdown. And they can see all of their individual sales listed out by week, and it has the building description there, the, the, the customers name, and so on and so forth. It's a nice little like the sales reports they currently have doesn't kind of like list everything in a nice, neat format, based on the weeks that they have sold. So I just dropped it in as a button on my sales reports for the brick and mortar people and I'm like, Okay, well, I have a feeling if I if I said, Hey, Matthias that your people would probably want some like they can go over there and see their sales broken out by weeks as well. Alright, ah, no. Thoughts

Unknown Speaker  04:49
I mean, probably.

Speaker 1  04:53
I just I just know that you're probably doing things over there for online sales people that brick and mortar people would probably want and I'm over here doing this is on brick and mortar people that potentially online sales people want. And if we can coordinate a little bit better, everybody probably wins. And I don't know.

Matthias Miller  05:10
Like I said, I mean, it doesn't it isn't a little bit of a case of like, let's just go go through report the report and see what you've done and see what I've done. Do we need to be consolidated, have that circuit and that shared menu where stuff gets consolidated into merge reports. And maybe there is one or two reports of each, each one that doesn't get consolidated. But then before we add anything, we we check in with the other one to see whether to be independent.

Speaker 1  05:34
I think that's right. All right, let's just let's put this in the back of our head for some time, beginning of the year, first quarter, or something to go through and kind of consolidate this whole thing.

Matthias Miller  05:48
But we should step one, we should consolidate that to them. We should standardize these reports.

Speaker 1  05:53
Again, agreed. I mean, it's fun being in the wild, wild west, where you know, we can whip these things out. I will, I will say it is kind of it is kind of fun to be able to say, Oh, you want that. So you can see that. Sure. Here done that. Yep. Agreed. All right. Well put that put that on your your list of lovely things we should do in first quarter. Because I feel like I feel like we still like we're running fairly similar paths, I probably did something slightly different than you did. And I just think we need to go. Yeah, I think consolidating this thing into the restricted user format would be the right thing to do. And at the same time, we probably should go through and clean up all of the the car and cockpit stuff and actually link users together and go to current user thing and, like, make it legitimate, real.

Unknown Speaker  06:56
Yeah, I agree.

Speaker 1  07:03
All right. That's all I wanted. Back to it, enjoy whatever coffee shop you're currently in.

Matthias Miller  07:14
Yeah, well, I'll do that. And you'll have been writing some emails before. I take off for the rest of the year.

Unknown Speaker  07:23
That sounds like a long time when you say it that way.

Unknown Speaker  07:28
Yeah. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  07:34
All right. All right. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai