Unknown Speaker  01:10
Hey, are you there? All right, can you hear me? Yeah. All right, okay,

Unknown Speaker  01:18
um, how would you like to do this?

Matthias Miller  01:20
Well, I think what makes most sense is very linear, marketing, sales, production, logistics or hauling, maybe finance, maybe admin, maybe other operational stuff, long tail, whatever. And we just started, what are all the issues, and what are the problems, and what are the frustrations, concerns and everything? Do you have a better idea?

Speaker 1  01:48
No, I don't. So let's do marketing, then sales, then operations, then logistics, then finance, then maybe admin, slash other, and then we do the like kind of

Speaker 2  02:02
the gaping wounds or cash bleeding?

Speaker 1  02:07
Yep. Alright, should I just prompt you to talk about each one? And you just kind of give your thoughts about, what's the what's the first context that we're talking about here? Like, what is this book about? So

Matthias Miller  02:19
this is delineating all the problems that they feel across all of these spectrums, okay,

Unknown Speaker  02:25
in order to make

Matthias Miller  02:26
them feel unknown and understood. And if I can articulate their problems to them, well, then they'll believe that I have the answer, okay, and I will briefly introduce the answer, okay.

Speaker 2  02:35
I like it, yep, okay. Let's start with marketing. Okay, I

Matthias Miller  02:41
think generally people view it as well. There's, there's a lot of sentiment of having a hired an agency and it not working out for any number of any any reason. There are issues with getting leads that are out of area or out of territory, paying for unqualified leads. There are issues of not knowing, not being able to trace marketing dollars back to is this marketing actually making me money because he hated, he says, I do, but do I really? There's the issue of building good follow up sequences. I don't know how much they feel that one particularly, there's anything else on

Unknown Speaker  03:35
the marketing

Matthias Miller  03:40
over sometimes overspending for marketing. There's also substantial problem that they're not aware of, which is underspending on marketing, because they just see the dollars coming back, and if they can't attribute it appropriately, then they'll take a very cautious route with marketing. I

Unknown Speaker  04:04
I don't know. Okay, wanna move on to sales? Yeah, I

Matthias Miller  04:16
kind of wish I could think of more, but I can't.

Speaker 1  04:20
Maybe you can tie as you move along. Maybe you can tie some of the sales problems back into the marketing problems. Does that make sense?

Unknown Speaker  04:37
Back again?

Speaker 2  04:39
Back yes or no, oh yeah, I can hear you now. There

Matthias Miller  04:42
we go. Sorry, I had to drop off. Wi Fi, yeah. I wish I could think of more, but I can't sales. It's stuff like feeling like dealers need to run the. Show, it's roller coasters. It can be roller coasters. It can be dealers being down, or dealer revenues being down, not being able to do online sales and not being able to close those deals. Well, I'm

Matthias Miller  05:33
not sure how much they think they how much, how aware they are of the problem, just needing more sales, but not knowing what dials to turn,

Matthias Miller  05:49
trying to have dealer meetings, but not Having it actually turn into sales.

Speaker 1  06:02
What is a nightmare scenario like? If you're writing a Facebook post about this, you're pretty good at capturing some of the some of the problems or scenarios in like a story format. So I mean, what's kind of the nightmare scenario here?

Matthias Miller  06:15
Well, there's one real life scenario in which there's a sales guy that the owner is generally unhappy with, but doesn't know for sure. And then we pull up the numbers, and this guy's on a revenue roller coaster. And even worse, the sales guy himself didn't know it so very consistent, up for a month down two months, up for a month down two months, up for a month down, two months, if and so then the question becomes, do I keep the guy or fire him, and how much time do we give him to to come back? Because every time, I mean, the worst nightmare scenario is I'm spending on these leads. This really is a sales scenario. I'm spending all this money I can I can channel the emotional rant I'm spending all this money on marketing, and the dealers will not pick up the phone and call these people back, and all they want is free, easy leads, then they're not putting in the work to actually do it. So why am I spending on marketing? Mm, hmm, and they're being very ungrateful, and I can't hold them accountable. And any way that I spin it, get them to pay for leads, anything like that, any way that I spin it comes back with egg on my face or other. I think that's a barely,

Unknown Speaker  07:34
that's part of it, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  07:37
and so you would address that by i Um,

Matthias Miller  07:45
well, dealers don't necessarily like accountability, but I think I'm not sure you have a lot of options besides saying, Look, we're getting ready to play the game. You either have ambition and you're either in or you're out, and you're either going to play the game in a way that we can hold you accountable, or you're not. And that's a pretty bold move, by the way. Another, another pain point is on the sales side is production might be down. There's two, there's two things. One other people might be trying to snipe dealers, because that happened a good bit. I'd also just be revenue is down, and I don't know what levers to pull to make it go back up, because the dealers are off. I mean, I feel helpless because the dealers aren't pulling their I can't tell whether the dealers are pulling their weight. Okay, it's another variation or problem. So fix it. Fixing it. Now, my personal opinion is that hiring direct sales people or you have higher level of control over the salesperson, and you have accountability out of the gate, and they're actually used to using a CRM, or it can be, can be trained, and will accept using a CRM is being part, is part of the solution.

Unknown Speaker  09:20
Okay, makes sense. Is that enough for sales? Do you think, um, like, page book

Matthias Miller  09:33
times three pages each chapter is three pages per chapter, which means, like, 1000 words, probably, or something or No, right?

Speaker 1  09:45
I'd say we try, need to kind of capture the pain points, the problems and how you move forward in about three pages. That makes sense. So that's probably about, right? I.

Unknown Speaker  10:00
I wish I could trigger. I mean,

Matthias Miller  10:09
there's also the pain point of, I don't know how much they experience this, but the pain point of trying to find and hire somebody that you think is actually going to work out reasonably well, right? Because you put all in all the work of training them and getting them up to speed, product knowledge and the company and all your systems, and then getting them lead flow. And then two or three months in, you have a bad feeling, but it's, it's six months in before you really before it comes really obvious. This isn't going to work out.

Unknown Speaker  10:47
And how do you move past that one? I don't know

Matthias Miller  10:51
how you do it, because I've hired Josh long.

Unknown Speaker  10:55
Okay, I mean you,

Matthias Miller  10:59
you hire somebody who's hungry and experienced and you put a financial dream in front of them that actually means something to them, that's actually life changing money. And you find that top of the top guy or gal, and you turn them loose.

Speaker 1  11:20
Well, I'm tying back to some of the systems and accountability. If you've implemented a CRM, if you've implemented accountability, if you have reporting, then you know who you better. You need to hire that will be able to meet all of because you have to hire in the first place for somebody that can do all that, and someone then who's hungry to do it, right? Yep. And

Matthias Miller  11:41
you also know the first person, first dealer, you need to let go of, right? If you're on a dealer model

Unknown Speaker  11:48
makes sense? Okay,

Speaker 1  11:54
okay, let's move on to operations a little bit more structured, and we'll see how that works. So if you're in operations now, what are the nightmare scenarios, or the pain points and operations?

Matthias Miller  12:03
So part of it, part of it is managing cash flow during the seasonality of the business. From a production standpoint, it's some of this might dovetail into sales versus production, but one of the challenges is just the volume of orders when it gets busy knowing what inventory buildings to build that will actually Sell, and also and then keeping the sales team informed about lead times and actually meeting those lead times appropriately. There is some pain around how to hire good help. I don't personally feel like that's well enough in my wheelhouse that I want to say, hey, we'll help you with that too, on top of everything else. But it is a it is a pain point, and it is something that could be referred out.

Matthias Miller  13:21
I I mean, there's all these little things too, of like making sure the orders get processed when they come in, making sure they get out to the shop in the right order, making sure things get built out in the right order, making making sure production team doesn't just cherry pick the buildings they want to build, and if you want to, if you want to be efficient, you're doing multiple buildings at a time that there's enough similarity for them to be efficient, but not, but you're not sacrificing Sales, sellability of the buildings there's, there's managing building supplies and custom orders and making sure that those show up on time and get ordered. It's managing and making sure that you know hardware type of inventory is is done. It's it's your running piece rate, it's making sure that you've got a system in place. And some of this, this piece in particular, is very solvable by most most of the software. But you're running piece rate making sure that you've got a good method of tracking who spends time on what.

Speaker 1  14:42
Okay, can you narrow in on, like a top two or three that you've seen and how you'd move forward on them, or the most likely ones to be happening in just about any business you run into?

Matthias Miller  14:54
Well, the highest emotion one, and I think, probably the most likely to have. Happen is the war between sales and production, which comes down to one of two things. It's either lead times or it's inventory buildings. What inventory buildings are you getting? Me? Okay,

Speaker 1  15:14
great. And what is an approach you take to resolving that?

Matthias Miller  15:21
Well, lead times is a very simple on the production side. It's, it's, it is, I think it's just simple management. What are your commitments and are you on track to get them done? Do you have a way to look at your current build list and know what your lead time needs to be and when it changes. Are you communicating that back to the sales team? And do you have a channel for doing that, okay,

Unknown Speaker  15:57
which ties into the systemization of your sales, right,

Unknown Speaker  16:03
right, Okay,

Unknown Speaker  16:09
okay. Is there anything else under operations?

Unknown Speaker  16:18
Well, I

Matthias Miller  16:28
I think there's also a lot of owners who end up doing too much and are in a position where they feel like they can't afford to pay an admin assistant or secretary or something, and yet they really need one. Like, it feels like half time, part time work, and they feel the pressure to hire a full time one, and they don't know what they would actually do if they were full time. And maybe, maybe it's kind of the classic delegation thing of like, death by 1000 paper cuts. Don't really know how to delegate. Right The right person to delegate to, which

Speaker 1  17:08
becomes a lot easier when you have better systems. Yep, exactly, right. Okay. I like this. This makes sense to me. So if we move on to logistics, what are our top two or three logistic problems in logistics, you're likely to see across every business.

Matthias Miller  17:29
You have a 1099, hauler who doesn't call customers and doesn't collect customer reviews and doesn't check the building before it goes out. Or this might be a production problem, but the building goes out with production problems, and nobody catches it, and so then you need to send somebody out to do a repair, which is way more expensive and time consuming, and then managing repairs. Repairs fall through the cracks, because it's not core business, and nobody actually gets gets to them, and so the sales people end up getting called from the customer, and then the sales people slash dealer. Salesperson is upset because they're getting all these calls and they feel under supported by the manufacturer. And why aren't you doing your job? And the main the GM, or responsible party of the manufacturer, GM or production manager, is overwhelmed. They don't have a guy to send out to fix them. And it could all be fixed with a basically, some kind of QA, QC process. On the on the kale end of production. I think also outsourcing to a 1099, holler when they're running, especially when they're a one man show, but there can also be you don't fully own them, then you're trying to fit in customer deliveries. And so if they're booked for a week, delivering for another company, and then that affects your customer promise as well. A lot of this gets solved by having a really good multi person hauling company or by moving in house where you've got more control over it.

Matthias Miller  19:42
There's also the, there is kind of a passive aggressive thing with haulers, where you want to be careful how you call it out in them, but where it's like, All right, we, we didn't know that blocks. Be required for leveling. We didn't know site prep would be required. We didn't didn't know there was a fence there that would need to be taken down. We didn't know X, Y or Z, and depending on the situation, the hauler might just basically say, Screw you and drop the building. Who cares? It's not true across the board, but it can happen. Okay,

Speaker 1  20:32
fair. I like it. What about finance? What are the top two or three issues in finance? You're likely to see everywhere

Matthias Miller  20:39
there's money in the account, can I just spend it please? Right? And it's managing the seasonality of the business. So do you take a line of credit for supplies to build up inventory over the winter? And if so, what do you build? Or do you use your own cash and build up cash so you don't need it. Do you find a different product line that moves at least a little bit during the winter, during the off season? What else? What am I missing? Finance? I mean, in some some, some of it is just not knowing what you don't know. Like, I don't know how this translates to a problem, but one of my clients had a million dollars worth sitting on their balance sheet in ARR or sorry, In AR,

Matthias Miller  21:38
which is just bizarre. How did that happen? Right? I don't feel like I've Well, there's also then not knowing what should my profit margin be? I

Speaker 1  22:03
right, not being able to identify overall performance issues in that Yeah,

Matthias Miller  22:07
yeah. And, I mean, I think, and I think a big problem is, is I have a balance sheet. My accountant gives me an income statement and a balance sheet, but I have no idea what it actually means, right? I don't know if they're actually doing their job. I doing their

Unknown Speaker  22:27
job right.

Speaker 1  22:29
Translate that into some actionable information.

Unknown Speaker  22:32
Yep. Okay, and I

Speaker 1  22:38
mean, if you had to solve that problem for people, is that basically, you need a consultant to come in and do that for you, or is that some do you have advice?

Matthias Miller  22:51
I feel like there's room for very basic advice. If it's cleaning up books, it's not something to get involved in, well, I don't know. I feel like there's some very rudimentary things like, what's free cash? What's profit? What does the like a simple one pager of, when does the sale happen? When does revenue occur. When does cash collection happen? And what is free cash that you can spend, and what is committed cash that you can't spend, even if it's in your account.

Speaker 1  23:37
So make sure you have good books first of all, and then develop a one pager that gives you this information, right?

Matthias Miller  23:47
I mean, it could be, I mean, that could be part of the I don't know somewhere. I mean, I mean, maybe that just goes in the book too, like, I don't know. Well, I

Speaker 1  23:59
was thinking, if we try to give people a little bit of a idea, a resolution in the book for each of these things. I think that's a good thing. Like, fundamentally, you need a good bookkeeper. Like, you need your books to be correct. And second of all, you need to know what this information, you need this information at your fingertips, right? And I think those are good things to those are good pieces of advice. Let's circle back to marketing and sales, if you're up for it, with that same framework, like the top two to three things that you see in every business, and just kind of clean that up

Matthias Miller  24:32
on the marketing front. I mean, I think, Well, I think one of the things that's true across the board that's not immediately obvious to them, is that they think they're unique and they're not, or they don't know how to articulate it. Number two, I think there's also just this general, uh. Um, I don't know if marketing's working or not.

Matthias Miller  25:11
I mean, another problem too is marketing running ads for buildings they don't sell, or running promotions longer than the promotion actually runs or running promotions that they aren't actually running.

Speaker 1  25:27
Right kind of a lack of communication between operations and Marketing. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  25:44
so basic advice on all of that.

Matthias Miller  25:53
I I mean, fundamentally the better attribution you can do of what sales are coming from where I

Unknown Speaker  26:23
be very leery of agencies

Matthias Miller  26:31
who promise the world. I don't know how to tell people how to discern expertise in marketing, right? I

Speaker 1  26:49
know attribution is it makes sense, attribution and and reporting, I mean, like, effective management of it, I mean, realistically is just sort of keep on top of it?

Matthias Miller  27:00
Yeah, I mean, part of it is, like good clear community, like better planning around promotions, clear communication around when promotions stop and when do they when, when they start, when they end, possibly even a review process somewhere, when there's a specific promotion that goes out so that the customer can actually see what that is on.

Speaker 1  27:32
Are a lot of these people doing their own marketing. You think, I mean, similar to Micah, just kind of putting things out there.

Matthias Miller  27:40
Some of them are, but I would guess the majority of them are not. They're working with other companies. Okay,

Speaker 1  27:52
so making sure you're getting valuable reporting back from your marketing company, yeah,

Matthias Miller  28:00
making sure they're responsive to changes, making sure. I mean, are they actively split testing? Are they actively looking at ways to drive lead prices down

Speaker 1  28:18
and well and in terms of like, fundamental information they should be getting from their marketing company. I mean, they should know what their lead price is, right, basic. They should know their attribution to a certain like how, where they should be able to get figure out their attribution based on these numbers. Yeah, yeah, they

Matthias Miller  28:37
should, and that should their their agency should be doing this on a some kind of regular basis, right?

Unknown Speaker  28:49
Which ties into, like, the seasonality of operations.

Matthias Miller  28:54
Yeah, I mean, but you don't want to turn off your marketing over the winter either. It means flea prices fluctuate based on demand?

Speaker 1  29:03
No, that's true. But, I mean, can your marketing agency give you some feedback in terms of what is selling seasonally too? I mean, I guess is what I meant. Most

Matthias Miller  29:10
marketing companies do not, cannot tell you what is selling seasonally. Okay. Do

Speaker 1  29:15
you want that level of information or do you just kind of accept that it can't be there? I

Matthias Miller  29:19
don't think there's a lot of people who can give that information apart from us. Apart from us going in and building custom reports from the shut app or things

Unknown Speaker  29:25
like that. Interesting. Okay, that seems weird, but okay. Yeah. Well,

Speaker 1  29:43
yeah, I don't know. Maybe that's just an agency thing. I work with marketing agencies. If you were selling a specific model, if you had a campaign around a specific thing, they'd be able to tell you with 12 months worth. Of data, what your high, high months were and your low months were, and where your lead prices were variable or like kind of went up and

Matthias Miller  30:07
down. Most, most companies will not sell on a specific model basis.

Speaker 1  30:13
Gotcha, so you're really just looking at a company overall campaign? Yeah, I got you. That does make more sense. Okay. I

Matthias Miller  30:20
mean, it might be chicken coops versus dog houses, potentially, if it's big enough to merit different keywords and different landing page, right? But

Speaker 1  30:29
if you're just selling sheds, you're just going to wind up on like a homepage, and you're not going to get information. Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah, okay, okay, like revisiting sales. Did we hit like the top two or three things that everybody's going to go through? Do you think?

Matthias Miller  30:45
Well, I think, I think the biggest problem I see, again, I could be completely mistaken, but if there's a problem with sales, it's one they're under, under supported, both relationally and systems wise. And number two, maybe I've been talking to the wrong people, but they lack depth of they lack depth of ambition.

Speaker 1  31:18
That's fair. I mean, I go out on a limb and say that most people don't enjoy sales, and only a few people really enjoy sales. I mean, how do you address the lack of ambition issue?

Matthias Miller  31:30
Well, some of it can be fixed. Some of it you just need to light a fire under people, because that's part, part of managing sales people is keeping the fire lit, right? But, but there is another part of it to your point. There, there, there's only a certain number of people who enjoy sales, right? There's only a certain number of people who are functionally good at sales, and there's an even smaller number of people. And this could be a little you know, the sales pyramid, right? White base at the bottom is people don't want to who don't want to sell, and then people who enjoy selling, people who are good at it. And then your top 1% performers, right? And these performers, when I work for life changing money, they want to know that there's a proven pathway to get there, right? And they're going to want to know that you're going to get stuff out of their way so that they can do their job and get it done, right? And if you can prove those and do that, well, you'll, you'll be a very happy business owner,

Speaker 1  32:30
right? So you want to build an environment that supports, like, high performing sales people,

Unknown Speaker  32:35
Yep, yeah. Okay.

Speaker 1  32:40
I like it. Is there a administrative piece or anything else that you can think of, top two or three issues that everybody

Matthias Miller  32:47
has? I mean, one of the common complaints from sales people is that they're fielding all kinds of vendor calls and things like that because they're front lines, which is very solvable through a phone menu.

Matthias Miller  33:02
But yeah, there's a lot of admin pieces where, if you don't have an admin processing orders and managing some of these day to day details, that you're going to end up getting buried really quickly, especially depending on your skill set of your production manager.

Speaker 2  33:21
Yes, sense, okay?

Speaker 1  33:33
And if you're having like serious issues in any of these places, we're getting to the kind of gaping wounds issue.

Unknown Speaker  33:43
Sorry if you're doing what one more time. I

Speaker 1  33:46
mean, if you have serious issues, and under any of these, under any of these places, are you getting in? You know, what would you say about, like, any kind of gaping wounds, or like, major cash flow issues, or anything like that? Well, I

Matthias Miller  34:07
um, you mean what they are, what you should do about

Speaker 1  34:10
it. Uh, do you want to address it at all in this book? Or do we just kind of leave that one as a self explanatory? I know this is the mini book. Do we need to say anything about, like, gaping wounds, or what you should address first, or the order you should address these things in? No,

Matthias Miller  34:24
like, I don't think so. Okay. I think it's a look what I did. What I spend my time doing is solving. It's basically just take the take the pitch from the website and put it in the back end of the book and a you know book, a call, right?

Speaker 2  34:49
Makes sense. Okay, I think we got it. What do you think?

Matthias Miller  34:58
Yep, I think so. I I feel it feels very slim to me, but there's probably more than what I think is there. I think the thing I feel very like on the software side, I sat down and wrote it out in story form, and I felt like I actually captured at least some of the emotion of it, yeah, but it might actually be better, not in story form, or maybe it is, I don't even know.

Speaker 1  35:25
Well, let me grab the transcript of this and use what would you use to create an outline? Would you use chat, GBT or Claude? Or

Unknown Speaker  35:32
what would make temporary Claude for fighting?

Speaker 1  35:36
Can I dump it into Claude and create a first draft? Yep. So then what I would tend to want to do is maybe we can split it up, like take it and you can do a story pass, add a paragraphs worth of a story to each chapter to try to get the emotional impact into it. I can maybe take the sidebar and sales pass at the same time. I can maybe try to figure out if there's any factual information to support this, or if you know where we should put in your call to actions. And then we have the second draft, and then we can go from there. What do you think? Yep, yep.

Speaker 2  36:14
Thanks. Alright, let's do that. Cool, awesome. Appreciate it. Yep, of course,

Speaker 1  36:19
I will talk to well, I'll get going on that, and then I'll kind of give you an update of where I'm at, but talk to you later. I'm good. Appreciate it. All right. Bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai