Matthias Miller  00:00
but just a little bit of broader context on what we're doing on the software side. We are, are marketing currently to the Amish Mennonite sector in Pennsylvania in Ohio, and some outside of that, but that's, you know, kind of that community of people, very strong construction, manufacturing kind of emphasis, especially like construction related manufacturing, it's kind of like that, whatever the marine close sibling, I've been looking at expanding beyond that market. My brother is driving the marketing, and that's on that front. And I was basically just looking for more control over lead flow coming in, on on our side, we work, my brother and I work very closely together. He basically, he does his own marketing, and he does the development. But then I basically carry the rest of the business well, development in some of the infrastructure pieces, and then I basically carry the the marketing design, customer support, testing, sales side of things, so works out fantastic. So with that, I was kind of looking at different avenues and, and kind of came back around to the construction manufacturing space. I had a conversation with Robert Buchon. About that. And one of the things that he mentioned is kind of what are recession proof industries, which led me down the pathway, talked with an individual who runs a large sales who ran a software company before now has a large sales training organization within the space, I asked him and he pointed me kind of in the direction of commercial. On the heels of that, I've been on the I was at the windstorm Conference, which is a roofing Expo convention. And through that, I stumbled upon the fact that there really is no CRM in the commercial roofing space devoted specifically for commercial roofing seem to be a lot of residential guys wanting to jump over into that. So there's definitely an opportunity there. Or it seems like there is I haven't been completely sure. How to Well, I haven't been completely ready to give it my Yes, kind of some missing pieces with that. So mostly looking for alright, and okay, so one more piece of context of our software right now is basically custom software processes, basically going in understanding business processes, sometimes helping people streamline those, get them figured out, define them, whatever it is, and then building building software around that that can support that. So, it is very customer three custom fit. Not ticket price is not an issue has not been has been an issue for smaller clients as it but it is a it is tends to be higher ticket engagement

Matthias Miller  03:22
so my questions to you are centered around first of all, whether you have any thoughts specifically around the Commercial Roofing space, I don't know how close you intersected with that. And then also, from your experience in this especially in the commercial construction space. I guess what opportunities do you see there with with what we're what we're currently doing?

Speaker 1  03:47
Yeah. Um, this is you were talking some I guess it'd be helpful macro sides as you're looking at potential clients and stuff and and what the market tends to do for commercial construction. One it's, it's, it trails, the residential, the housing market by about one to two years, typically closer to and what you will see oftentimes is coming out of a recession, you'll start seeing or when the economy gets hot, you'll see a lot of those residential guys bouncing into the commercial space. And then as things get tighter than you know, some might have survived, well, some might not have and then it'll thin thin the pack out. And other things, if you're looking for companies to are going to invest into into software, especially if it's any customizable software at that point, and it's a significant investment if they're going through a transition the typical cycle for transfer of ownership. Chip is there's the business owners, they just basically, you know, it's the standard, like all industries where they sell it, they kind of finally go, Oh, do you want it. And typically how it works is they bring in their partner, the partner is using the growing equity to get the cash out of the company to pay back the previous owner. And so during that, like, five, seven year cycle, the company's typically pretty cash strapped because it's one growing owner taking their equity pain the other owner also tends to be the other side is they also tend to have very high lines of credit that they can draw on, because you just need that for just how, you know they're working in 3060 90 day kind of pay cycles in the commercial spectrum, which can be very different than residential, where it's like, hey, half up front half at the end, or all upfront, before you do the work and send when you're doing it commercially. You know, unless they're working directly for a building owner, they're working under a general which means they send their billing in at like the 15th of the month, the general puts together a billing the 20/25, then the owner has 10 days to review it. And so by about the 15th of the next month, they're finally getting their payment. And that's happening across every job that they have. And some of them it's the owner dispute some little point and it takes 60 days or 90 days, especially if they're in institutions like working for universities, those can be notorious for having like 90 Plus day pass new payments and stuff. So that that's a little perspective on kind of just general commercial. And from what I I've engaged in on it. From the CRM side, because it's interesting how, how much revenue construction firm can you bring in with the size of its staff, and especially more the admin side, because typically, the employee side is on the field. And so you'll have like, it's not uncommon for the owner to be, obviously the owner of the company, but they're also typically like some way managing the field and operations, they're managing the accounts and billings, they might have someone who's quasi capable at keeping track of all that stuff. And so I almost wonder if as part of the CRM, now that that's probably too far trying to keep track of some of the like, Here, here's the current contracts with them and stuff. But because you're you're correct me if I'm wrong, but you're basically looking at creating a CRM software potentially for roofers. And do you have a sense of why specifically, like what specifically differentiates roofers to a significant degree that it wouldn't also be beneficial for, you know, a wider range of either subcontractors?

Matthias Miller  08:23
Well, it depends what level how broad the CRM goes, I mean, you CRM, mostly because ERP is heavyweight and confusing, but if you go into I don't know, into into things like claims or things like, I don't know, very specific, like Job management, job details, you know, those those types of things quoting there. In that sense, it's, there's some level of specificity that's directly for roofing but I don't know that it has to be. I'm not, I'm not bent on it being locked into that.

Speaker 1  09:02
Yeah. And something I'm thinking of, too, that you can see some crossover as another. That wouldn't seem similar, but how their struck business structure is is a HVAC company. Because typically, both commercial roofing and HVAC companies have residential sites. Typically, they live off of both of those. And what you have especially more on the commercial side with roofing is being able to keep track of roofing maintenance or warranty periods and stuff and similar with HVAC, but especially for HVAC is the yearly servicing or every several years servicing and reviewing the equipment, and tracking all of that and how that all fits in and being able to follow up with customers. But additionally, because then on the residential side, as well for HVAC, it's, Hey, have you had it, you know, no one remembers nor do they necessarily want to room that they have to pay several 100 bucks a year technically to have their furnace there. But being able to have a CRM system that both works for keeping track of, you know, your high dollar clients. And typically, for roofers and HVAC guys, there be a mix of building owners, because they'll get hired and just either do a roof replacement or, you know, replacing, you know, the mechanical equipment and stuff, or also for general contractors that they would work under. And keeping track, as well as probably means of keeping track of potential jobs that they're seeing that, hey, this new project is came out. And there's the Daily Journal of Commerce TJC. that, hey, this is now under going out for architectural bids and proposals. So we know this is a job we want to keep track of. So that goes in and it's, you know, remind me six months from now to keep track of where that is. And then eventually it's going out to for proposals for general contractors, then it's like, Okay, watch for which general gets it and then we can start being in contact with the general contractor on that end of things.

Matthias Miller  11:26
Right. So it's a it's a very different it's a very specific kind of prospecting. I mean, it's make sense, very unique prospecting bridge.

Speaker 1  11:35
Yeah. And then you can have, because they will be more predominantly in the Hardman network, versus negotiated work, unless they're negotiating with general contractors. Because you get into electrical, plumbing, fire, sprinkler, and HVAC and those can become design build packages, where they get in or very early in the design process with the general contractor and come on board to so they'll come on. And either they'll submit proposals with a select list or just have a relationship with the general. And it's, you know, they propose a fee, and here's what our labor rates and everything are. And then eventually, they, you know, give a full bid when the work is complete in everything. But that's another form of you know, so is this a negotiated what type of I think, if you ever did look on that site, is this a hard bid? Is this a design build? Those are different things for roofing? It's, it's much simpler in terms of, again, you can keep track of where where are these projects at? What's the expected timeline when they're going to hit? What's a reminder for the contact? Who's Who is the contact? Is this a building owner? Is it a general contractor? I think, especially for you know, again, kind of roofing HVAC side, even plumbers to degree in electricians have some of that service. But they don't maybe necessarily have to repeat follow up the last few electricians and plumbers solos have, you know, the emergency number, but how you integrate a residential side to the CRM along with the commercial because they're obviously very different worlds very different, and numbers of capacity of how much is there. But it'd be interesting having a CRM to that could keep track of anticipated resources that can be resource loaded, especially on the residential side, I can see that a or I mean, either side of it's going to be a crew of this many guys, it's going to take them roughly this long. And so you can start seeing the pipeline well, and being able to overlay what what jobs do we currently have? And what's their rough timelines figuring out and so how many, like, crew do we have, and this is what we are looking to try and go after until we actually have the resources to pursue that. That

Matthias Miller  14:12
conversion. Project post mortem is like, here's what we said, Here's what happened. Why did it happen? Like there's all the project management, so there's a tremendous amount of, okay, so I like this, like this is a boatload of work. And of course it is. And especially if you want to build something that integrates residential and commercial, which, if you do that, then you basically entrench yourself into these. I mean, what happens is these guys want to get into commercial. Oh, you do both. And, and if they ever get out of commercial, most likely the pain of switching away is is going to be it's going to be high

Matthias Miller  14:58
Yeah, One of the questions with this, for me has been really centered around who are the right partners to work with on this. Because if there's a, you know, how I've seen a lot of these things work is there's a, especially on the smaller scale, but if there's a company that has a big pain, and they pay, then you know, the basic pay to have it developed. And then from there, it starts moving into a retail retail solution is that how you would naturally approach this as well.

Speaker 1  15:36
Um, cuz I was talking with someone else recently on console, as they were looking through as a software development service that they were doing. And it's, and it's spurred from having a conversation with Brian winter, with SOAR learning all them because I was looking at talking with them about their platform, what they use for learning management system and everything. And so he was showing me another one that attaches to WordPress, he's like, oh, yeah, we paid them to develop this, this thing that they now have on there, we paid them to do this, we paid that. And it was like, he's, he wasn't mad about it. But there's also like a little bit of annoyance of like, oh, all these things, we pay 10s of 1000s of dollars for just they haven't integrated, it would be interesting. If there is a model of saying, you know, we're building this, and we're building it for you, but we're planning on turning it into us software system will give you a you know, a portion of our sales going forward for it until you recoup you can say like 50% of the cost. If you want to be generous, you can say 100% Over time period, or it's a max, like over five years, you can get up to 50 or 70%, you know, it'd be a completely different take on what's there. Because you're getting all your costs for building out this new product on the front end. But then you're letting them know, like, we are planning on turning this into something as you pay for and we'll give you money back. And most people would be like, Oh, wow, I can get money back for paying you to build the solution I want. You know, that can be an interesting way to really help them look at it and think of it in a different terms of Oh, like I'm paying all this money to have this built in. It's like, Hey, you're building this, but it couldn't be a you know, we you get up to x cashback based on how it sells and stuff as we use it for our own other business development. So yeah, yeah. Pay your lawyer well, to the contract, get paid into that.

Matthias Miller  17:49
Yeah. Though, take, though, take a good bit of thought around the structure and like you said, a good lawyer. But I like it. I think that's a really, I think that's really interesting model. One of the things I like about it, is that this is like jumping way ahead. Probably too far ahead. But as a model, this is a model for a custom software development company to remain good at what they do. And I pockets of opportunity and capitalize on them. Yeah. And really what we're missing here is we Yeah, anyway, we're gonna what we do on the software front, within the scope of what we what we say yes to. But what we always miss, and what really is the magic behind the software is always is well, the other part of the magic of software is the industry knowledge. And that's what makes it work or not work.

Speaker 1  18:57
Yeah. Yeah, that gives you a way to charge a premium price and but say like, yes, this would be more than if you hired someone else. But here's what you get on the back end. And so

Speaker 1  19:12
yeah. Any other questions you have kind of in regards to the commercial industry and such?

Matthias Miller  19:23
Are there people that you think I should be having conversations with?

Speaker 1  19:27
Um, fortunately, a couple years out for being in there. I can't think of my gosh, I know there was a guy on Planet Perry who was into a whole new type of roofing system back so remember Ryan Dumont Rosetta Stone? Can't remember what his name was, though.

Matthias Miller  19:54
This came up in the news letters or something. Yeah.

Speaker 1  19:56
Because that could be someone to reach out to and pick their brains they'd be much more integrated and and they would understand the principles and stuff you're going towards because he's an advance he got into advanced mastery network I think too but and he would know probably from being around all the people in there in the industry of more clearly what the pain points are. Also typically, like another thing is, most of these people don't even know if they're making money or not, when it comes to it, all they're watching is money is coming in. And you know, that they do not understand any form of accounting or cash flow. Typically, it's, it's the standard and live by the seat of your pants, what's in the bank account? How do we get more money in the bank account if we need it there? And, and so,

Matthias Miller  21:01
at what revenue level does that change?

Speaker 1  21:04
I'm surprisingly interesting working with my dad, and my dad isn't a round table group that, you know, it's it's the top of the top of, you know, general contractors in the nation and stuff. But it's interesting, he was saying, like the number of businesses were even same size or bigger than they were, which they hit 100 Over 100 million revenue last year for the first time. But at that level, like they don't know, their KPIs, they don't know their metrics, they aren't doing job cost projections month to month with their PMS and stuff. It's it, he goes, it's dagger two. And you're in an industry like general contractors, you are the top of the top if you're making like 2.5% net profit off of your gross receipts at the end of the year. So it's a very low margin game. But wow. So they're, it's a double edged sword, because it can be, we don't have money for that. And it could be like, right now we don't have money for that. And then they have another month where they have a whole bunch of money come in, because they haven't been keeping track of all their accounts receivable accounts. I mean, there are, it's hilarious, there is a big company that does all sorts of what they call accessories, like division, 10 specialty, so like things all the way from, like grab bars and toilet paper dispensers to, you know, I think they do like projection screens and whiteboards. You know, it's just across the gambit of that sort of stuff. I still because I still have access to my work email account, my phone, and I will still see every like couple months, they're like, when can we expect payment for this job, which, like we finished when I was there, like, year and a half 18 months, or, you know, 20 months ago. And I know it's been all paid out and everything, it's just they don't have their accounts in order. And so great, because you also have another thing is retention. So you have 5% held out of every bill and until the job finishes and everything is considered complete. And so that's that's typically where all the profit is again, most people don't track that they're just tracking cash in cash out. So yeah, that's something to also recognize, like if someone says we can't afford that now and is like that can be isn't you don't have cash on hand or whatever how it works and understanding. They're in a 30 to 90 day typically like cash flow crisis consistently.

Matthias Miller  23:50
So literally, somebody says, We can't afford it now. At a minimum sales guy should set a follow up date for 90 days. Well, I mean,

Speaker 1  24:00
but ish. Yeah, you know, something like that. And just it can check in quarterly recognize especially for roofers, depending on the area know what the weather patterns are, because they go gangbusters during the summer up here in the Northwest and and like to the point that I remember the past several years, when I was working there, it was literally the bid dates to try and get roofers was pushing back from like, started in like, you know, may to get them on in like mid June to like a couple years later, it was back to March. And when I last year there, it was like end of January early February to try and get them so you can lock someone in. And you know, on some of the larger like school projects and stuff and so knowing that if you hit them during the summer, they're going to be incredibly busy and it like it might be like that that, that first month or two after the big like good weather hit of summer or whatever it is, might be the sweet spot to approach them because they've got all this cash flow flowing in from then all the projects are wrapping up. And so they're seeing those funds and getting that recouped and probably getting good with all their everyone all their suppliers and everything and, and it could be a alerting like touching base at the end of the summer and it's pay we know this is crazy dizzy, we'd like to type talk to you when things cooled down a little bit. And it can be your over how crazy and hectic is doing all of that and like. Yeah, and especially to contractors are regularly if business is hot, and going well, we don't have a problem. And as soon as it stops, it's we have a problem. And so you get these big spikes, I mean, it changes their profit margins and bids and quotes and everything. And so I'm literally like reaching out to them like last, like last half a third quarter last quarter four is probably a good time, because that's when things are kind of dipping down on on what the projected future is, and the pain points fresh and glaring them in the face.

Matthias Miller  26:28
And so really what you ain't, you know, one way to approach it is basically see if you can get them to sign some kind of contract. Now that they not to pay immediately, but to get you to get them on the schedule and commit to pay when money is good. Yeah, or, you know, I don't even know how how you might structure some of those things.

Speaker 1  26:44
Yeah, and you and want to put in terms that starts I would say, you know, it's like, hey, you know, you can be 30 days late, and you're good, but then put in some pretty painful points after that, like, if you're out past 30 days, it suddenly jumps to like a 15% like rate, because then it becomes more of a pain point and much more like, Okay, we will dip into our line of credit, because that's only like five to 10% pain, you know, if they're thinking that way. And it, it will, you need to rise above their pain point with their suppliers with their line of credit with the bank. And all you know, those are the two main ones, but anywhere where they're because they're regularly you know, we've got a revolving line of credit with different ones, and we're paying it off and you need to be more painful to them and make it so that you get paid off other than just getting hung out there for forever. And because you don't want to rely on legal action, either because I mean, no one wants to go there. But especially in this business, everyone's they've got their lawyer for something to take care of. And so if you shoot them something that's not going to be like, Oh, crap, I don't want to get a lawyer, it's like, well shoot, now we need to call her lawyer. And if you shoot something, they will reply in kind, and then it becomes a big mess, you know, where there were multiple times of having, you know, a 50 $100,000 type problem coming up on a project. And it's like, you don't hit the lawyer button, because you know, it's immediately going to fry everything, and it's going to make everything worse. And so it's it's how do you how do you make yourself more of a pain point and prominence to get them to pay you, if you do set it up like that. Or it's just you have the clause that if if you stopped paying us, and you're late after so much, you know, 30 days or whatever, we just stopped doing work, and we cut it off. And you know, and you don't get data on product until you are we are paid in full, you know, that's probably the easier way where they're like, cool, we have half finished spaghetti code. You can't do anything.

Matthias Miller  29:10
Yeah, well, in this in this in this context, they don't get access to the code. So it really it's just like, there you go. And we can track it on our side, we're basically we have a red line of when we're approaching, you know, using up too much of what they've paid us the development just straight up stops. And, and and we could have a cause to we could even have a clause of recording some form of additional payment to restart development because that is I mean, we could structure this thing I think in a way that would almost always put money back into our pocket. As long as we manage it, manage it well.

Speaker 1  29:46
Yeah, I think the way of putting it is like here's the startup fee, you know of what we go and you know, that covers like 30 days and then you send that like this is startup and then we will send you an invoice for that and it's not due for 30 days because we under you know and you play the whole We understand you've got pay cycles. And really what you've done is you've built in 30 days of payment for covering your costs. You just can cycle it that way. But then you can. We know that you have to deal with all these people who don't pay you on time. And you have to wait for generals and that whole language and they're like, yes, you know us, you understand us.

Matthias Miller  30:23
Yeah, yeah. Okay, I got a drop off. Okay. This has been wildly, wildly productive for me. So I really appreciate your help.

Speaker 1  30:37
Cool. And I should already when we started talking this, I'll shoot you the recording in case you want to go back and listen to and pick through it over and over again. So

Matthias Miller  30:46
that that would be awesome. I've taken I've taken a bunch of notes here, but I would love the recording as well. And likewise, if there's anything I can do, we didn't dig, dig much into what you got going on. If there's anything from from what I've got, that's helpful for you. You want to you want to spend some time to reciprocate. Feel free to feel free to holler sounds great. Cool. Sounds good. Appreciate it, Jordan.

Unknown Speaker  31:09
Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai