Unknown Speaker  00:31
You there hello

Unknown Speaker  00:47
our things

Unknown Speaker  00:52
were going on to check printing stuff

Unknown Speaker  00:53
oh on an exciting

Speaker 1  01:00
yeah hello all right Josh is in the springs this week is that right?

Speaker 2  01:12
Um I don't know I mean he will be later this week I don't know he's flying in he's flying in later this week so I mean I assumed he was going to be here but

Unknown Speaker  01:27
we'll get rolling and see if he stretches

Unknown Speaker  01:51
all right so actually did you want to share your screen drive or do you want me to I can do that screen sharing go through Joel's updates

Unknown Speaker  02:12
apps this year

Unknown Speaker  02:24
okay

Unknown Speaker  02:28
okay

Speaker 3  02:34
slight backwards movement on reconcile okay. I just I don't know if it's actually backwards but I just realized that changes along the way have made the the reconcile button actually somewhat more complicated specifically when we changed it away from instant save for other reasons

Unknown Speaker  03:06
then it became a bit less clear how it should how that button should apply. So basically, I still need to think through that button and add the validation

Speaker 4  03:35
Okay, validation Yeah. All right.

Unknown Speaker  03:44
Better sections. A version that includes both MTD month to date and year to date columns

Speaker 3  03:58
is actually live for conversation with Matthias that's what the income statement we actually need to to change that to a to taking only one arbitrary second date range. So then Matthias, we also had that question about what should we be doing with the balance sheet? Should we treat that as part of this job for now, or?

Speaker 1  04:47
Well, this is titled better sections of income statement. Let's let's start a new change request if they want better sections and a balance sheet. Cool.

Speaker 3  04:59
And have you Oh, had any further conversations on that?

Speaker 1  05:02
No, I forgot the email and emailing now. Okay, cool, cool

Unknown Speaker  05:18
nothing else

Unknown Speaker  05:22
under sections, or do we move on to core accounting?

Speaker 3  05:27
Really, none of none of these other things have

Speaker 1  05:32
progressed. Perfect. Okay. They're Elsa doll, if any template changes to the Cheque Printing thing, is Jonathan available to do that? Or

Unknown Speaker  05:51
did he do some work for you before?

Unknown Speaker  05:53
Yeah.

Speaker 2  05:54
I think it'd be fine. Yeah. Oh, and by the way, Jonathan, Jonathan is going to be moving to Kansas by mid December. And we'll be we're doing his last semester of university remotely. It's just one class in Capstone. So we may have the first six months of the year, and Nicolas is available from mid December through almost mid February. It's a short it's probably six weeks or so. So six, six to seven. Good to know

Unknown Speaker  06:33
All right. Sounds good.

Speaker 5  06:51
I'll move on to me. Moving on. Yeah, so this one is done went live over the weekend. I haven't bothered to tell anyone about it. Because that would involve documentation and I don't use the word but I'm gonna talk with Mark and Dwayne about it Wednesday morning. Okay,

Speaker 4  07:12
does it actually need documentation Then should I change it to needs documentation?

Unknown Speaker  07:17
Oh no, no, please don't don't just just just close the thing quickly for

Speaker 1  07:29
Josh, are we still adding fees to the stripe payout murgee or do we decide not to just depending on everything getting tied out to

Speaker 5  07:47
your I think we have fees There we make the charge but that's not what you're thinking we're transaction

Speaker 1  07:55
ID so we could very easily look up the stripe chain this week. Yeah, yes.

Speaker 5  08:03
I believe as of the weekend we also have transaction I have to clear up exactly that we also have transaction IDs on the Archie now it does not backfill them I have not backfield them in theory we could backfill them so I guess if you need it, let me know. Let's talk okay.

Unknown Speaker  08:24
Oh, we present our desert shout out

Unknown Speaker  08:28
let me pull up my list

Speaker 1  08:51
Okay, so start beginning impact is still going to stand as part of that. You don't

Speaker 4  09:03
this is a potential consider cleaning up support for multiple contact types have a question tag on it? Is this going to happen to 2024 idea.

Speaker 5  09:15
With us feel free to argue with me, I'm going to make the case that this is not really related to the core accounting portion. It should just fit in with the long list of things that they have me do occasionally and should drop off in this list. But if you if you care about I'm happy to keep it on here. So can we

Unknown Speaker  09:35
did we code multiple contact types for them?

Speaker 5  09:39
Know that this is to do that. And oh, so we don't have

Unknown Speaker  09:45
we haven't done it yet.

Unknown Speaker  09:46
We have not done it yet at it.

Speaker 2  09:50
And have we merged the orgs and contacts for them? Our contacts, okay, well, how painful was that by the way? Or should we can talk offline too but I'd I'd love to hear what you learned there then.

Speaker 5  10:09
Sure, happy to talk. I mean, I built custom X 24x 30 to transfer data. And then they'd have bad name collisions. And so we was, yeah. Okay. The best, but what they really need is multiple contacts. That's a true. No. Multiple contact types would be useful for them, but it's not that big a deal.

Speaker 1  10:38
mean basically what we're doing is recruiting. You know? Bill frame employee, Bill, Frank contractor, Bill, Frank vendor. Sure. With different display names. Yeah. So I think we could if there is any kind of fine nuking this from the list, okay.

Speaker 4  11:03
That's all right. I'll drop that as not to do or something so that we get it removed. But okay, fix that should remove it from this, but it's not. So I'll fix that later.

Speaker 1  11:20
Okay. Or, yeah, we need to go to my stuff. I don't know how much people care about it. I mean, sort of going back. It's rare for me to look at the handle payments from multiple sales orders, I think. Can't remember that standard. What that actually is waiting on. I'm not sure. Maybe it's maybe a little report tweaks, check printing. I've got mostly done probably closer to 80%.

Speaker 1  11:57
And then a few miscellaneous. There's just a whole bunch of miscellaneous fixes so try to get as much of this done by done this week. But that's mostly lots of we're getting close to Spinergy types of stuff

Unknown Speaker  12:29
he shouldn't be

Speaker 1  12:36
I just make sure that there's no yeah, I forgot.

Speaker 1  13:04
I mean, sounds about it's about Oh, Josh, one question. Do you want to drew his Drew is wondering why has a question about accounting. Reconciliation, White's showing one vendor one amount from the vendor invoice instead of the actual payment amount.

Unknown Speaker  13:37
Do you consider that way? That's

Unknown Speaker  13:39
fine. Okay.

Speaker 1  13:53
All right. I think it's like, it seems like there should be more, more stuff, but only because there always used to be.

Unknown Speaker  14:09
Okay, so we're done with this report?

Unknown Speaker  14:12
Yeah, I think so. Yeah.

Speaker 5  14:23
I mean, for me, I am not doing anything related to accounting, as far as I can tell. Is that what you expect me to be doing?

Speaker 1  14:31
That's right. I think it's mostly I think so. Well, at some point, I'm going to need you to tie your ACH stuff into my things needing payment report. But I figured I should figure out check printing first and get that mostly dielectric it's pretty easy for you to tie it in.

Speaker 5  14:57
Just in case it helps us next time. Ach We I checked gateway. And we did testing with, with the three different accounts for the three different districts. And we did testing with one word smashingly, we rolled it out. And when it gets to the other two, it just returns error, like literally the text E, rr o or all caps, and get get a hold of anyone. So we sent a ticket into the abyss. I really hope that at some point, they will fix it, since that's required to go live. But that is not what stripe would do. Anyway. So I was eager about using them for an ACH vendor in the future.

Unknown Speaker  15:46
Which one was the

Unknown Speaker  15:48
I checked gateway? Okay.

Speaker 1  15:52
Josh stripe has exorbitant transaction fees. That's what everybody non technical says.

Speaker 5  16:00
I keep me to chase this. But I keep saying things on the internet, which is never wrong. But if you get significant flow through them, you can negotiate with them. Like they won't talk about it. But they will negotiate on stuff. So I would love to go back to them and try to say, given our volume, like what can you do for us? What can you please do me a favor because the person I'm working for wants to switch to some Podunk thing and I don't want to do and I would really like to work with you. And could you please help me?

Speaker 5  16:40
Okay, well, I will say if there's anything that you would like me to do, let me know. I'm doing random things. Anytime. Shape.

Speaker 2  16:51
Nice. Good. Thank you. How is this feeling as far as deployment? I mean, where do you feel like we're at? Are you terrified? encouraged?

Speaker 1  17:02
Oh, yeah, it's, it's, I mean, it's not relaxed. Yeah. He's trying to reconcile bank accounts right now. And so, and I'm working on stuff that I was having had done about two weeks ago, and just, I don't know, support and slogging through stuff, and it's taking longer than I thought and yeah, you know, this and that. So, also, I'm going to be out next week. So hopefully that doesn't throw wrenches into the gears fair. I mean, it's really nerve racking but I think a lot of the nerve racking is going to is starting to fall on them not not us.

Speaker 5  17:55
Is there anything we could be doing to make it possible for them to test more quickly or?

Speaker 1  18:04
Well, I have not yet reached the point in which they're saying hey, can you please give me more stuff so you can test more? So I think it's ultimately Drew's availability that's the issue. Okay, either

Speaker 1  18:23
then I'm not quite sure you know, when he's doing reconciling, I think that's kind of necessary at some point, you have to tie it all out and then research individual issues as they come up. I'm not I don't know what else can be done.

Speaker 3  18:37
So reconciling in what way at this point

Speaker 1  18:41
they're reconciling bank accounts against bank statements and then figuring out why individual pieces didn't come across

Speaker 5  18:57
gonna be fun December. I guess what I, what I'm taking away is that I should have my weekly calls with them. See if there's anything I can do to.

Speaker 2  19:04
That's probably a good idea. Yeah. That's probably a good idea. Cool.

Speaker 1  19:14
Cool. Thanks, guys. Yep. Thank you. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai