Unknown Speaker  00:29
My in the wrong place.

Matthias Miller  00:32
You're in the right place. Can you hear me? Yep. Were you just calling in? I didn't recognize that number. You're being sneaky today.

Unknown Speaker  00:50
I came on and all I see is Ben's face and some 719 Number. I'm like, did I enter the wrong spot?

Unknown Speaker  01:09
Good, let me

Matthias Miller  01:12
I'm going to see if I can do this without being in front of my computer. But let me pull up and see if there's anything that I need yet before. Not get anything, anything that might need to be in front of my computer at first. Mark, did you get my email just a few minutes ago with a whole bunch of FTI numbers.

Speaker 1  01:36
I got everything but the I was just on the phone with Dwayne about some other stuff about this as well. But no, the numbers did not come through. But the email did. Okay.

Matthias Miller  01:53
That just doing probably too big of a report or something.

Unknown Speaker  01:59
Shouldn't be I mean, I think we've maxed out at 30 Meg, I don't think it's a 30 meg file.

Speaker 1  02:06
It shouldn't be. You can also try sending the actual file to files it inside. Well,

Speaker 2  02:14
maybe we had a dealer chat going this morning, something broke, I broke the dealer, or the configurator this morning, and I said FBI flag the building for do not sell my friendly building inhibitor. So maybe my friendly visitor is inhibiting more things

Unknown Speaker  02:34
like a virus

Unknown Speaker  02:45
All right, so that'll be coming your way. All right, are you know,

Speaker 1  02:55
do them Mark dot t or do the files?

Matthias Miller  03:00
I just sent it to the files app. Okay. All right. So I think what I've got on my list is FDI calculations that we need to talk about that chart of accounts and split transactions.

Unknown Speaker  03:15
That sounds right. Yes.

Speaker 2  03:25
As far as the so the the FTI numbers. So I did I added an RG row on the district level, but I hadn't done it on the company record is there. And what I want you and mark to to fight about is whether I should have done which which which way I should have done it so that you guys can figure out which which way I should go set this up.

Matthias Miller  03:51
Well, we need them on both. So

Speaker 2  03:53
it is on both. But I mean, I didn't as update for the district, but I just updated the row that was for the companies. Do we want it as a new row for the companies as well? Or do we not care? I don't know what I'm impacting. So I'm a little bit in the dark.

Matthias Miller  04:09
Yeah. Well. Okay, so Mark, what at what point should we be using these new numbers?

Speaker 1  04:23
Well, once we throw them in there, we verified they're working correctly, right now. The finished goods cause promises the only from an accounting perspective, and only we're basically using we're just taking the list and assist and saying, Oh, here's the 500 buildings in this district. And then we put it into our spreadsheet and then we do all the calculations off of there. So if all the inventory calculations are messed up wrong, it doesn't matter what To get those dialed in to where they're calculating correctly, we'll choose a starting point, something like June 1, and then a forward, where we now know that these are calculated correctly, and we'll use those. And we have a process where we can easily do like a one time migration for all buildings that were built prior to that, and stamp those values in or we can come up with those values in our site pretty easily. And then I think you can import those and stamp those in.

Unknown Speaker  05:40
Easily as are.

Unknown Speaker  05:43
It's, that's doable on yours as well,

Unknown Speaker  05:45
right? Yes, that is doable on our side.

Unknown Speaker  05:48
Sounds like riding his bike to work.

Matthias Miller  05:55
Sorry, I'm trying to I'm I'm not riding my bike. I'm taking into sunshine because I've been in my office too long. And if this doesn't work, I'm gonna go inside and be a proper grown up. grown up person. So so the big The only thing that I see that has practical implications is that our district level material percentage jumped by about 2%. Mark, are you okay with with FDI? With our existing FDI numbers, including that jump as of May 1.

Unknown Speaker  06:43
Our existing FDI numbers

Matthias Miller  06:47
are late oh, going forward?

Speaker 1  06:52
Yeah, because we're not using those values. Even though it's this is calculating them, we're not using those values currently. So

Matthias Miller  07:08
that's not the that's not a percentage that's pulled into the

Matthias Miller  07:19
different material.

Speaker 1  07:24
What we're basically doing is is so assist right now is okay, with with these changes, what is this is calculating? Well,

Matthias Miller  07:38
my understanding was that we were going to reuse the inventory, or the material percentage, as my recollection the material percentage off the district for calculating raw material, but am I am I miss remembering that?

Speaker 1  08:00
I don't think we were, well, no, we weren't planning to reuse it because or we can't reuse it because we're going to have a new percentage for the district. Because we're changing to. Previously, that material percentage was calculating it was said it was 50% it was looking at the sales order price. And then silver price times 50% is is the raw materials number. Now with these changes, understand you switch them to managed to look at calculate all for the manufacturer price. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  08:45
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  08:51
So, Dwayne, can you easily find on the district record what that 50%

Unknown Speaker  08:58
field is called?

Speaker 1  09:01
And I know it's not CFD, I'm not I'm not sure what what exactly what the percent

Unknown Speaker  09:07
approximate?

Speaker 2  09:13
Um, I'm not tracking what exactly you're referring to.

Matthias Miller  09:19
Okay, let me let me.

Speaker 2  09:22
I mean, right now, there's on the district record, there's the inventory materials percentage, there's the wholesale percentage, that I know what that pertains to. The inventory percentage used to be flipped since March 12 2022. Was 35 and a half. I don't know what you're referring to mark as far as 50% were.

Speaker 1  09:42
Oh, yeah, yeah, that 35 and a half is what we had been using 35 and a half off of sales order price, and I know it's going to be a bit higher because we're calculating a lower number we're calculating off a manufacturer price.

Speaker 2  09:59
So Ohio You had a 36 and a half percent but you're planning on that being based off of manufacturer price right? And has

Unknown Speaker  10:12
so go ahead

Speaker 2  10:17
but I mean has that has that been has that coded been changed

Matthias Miller  10:24
well the new numbers are calculating that let me just confirm I am 90% sure that the new numbers are pulling off the are using that percentage of the manufacturer price in which case my numbers are completely wrong

Speaker 1  10:48
Yeah, they must be because I'm looking at the spreadsheet or the file that you saved in there they're consistently showing 35 and a half percent and they wouldn't well

Unknown Speaker  11:04
that's not what it should be

Matthias Miller  11:11
okay, so we

Unknown Speaker  11:12
need a pull up the district record

Matthias Miller  11:23
three material

Unknown Speaker  11:28
trying to remember if we

Speaker 1  11:34
but I don't know that looking at what it used to do is is really critical because we weren't for the last at least six months we weren't using those numbers anyway we're just pulling the list of buildings into our spreadsheet and doing the calculations outside

Matthias Miller  12:01
so is it safe to bump that number up to 50%? Or should we at least as a matter of principle add another field

Unknown Speaker  12:12
for the new seems like we should for the for the

Matthias Miller  12:25
higher FTA number one

Speaker 1  12:35
where are these numbers? So somebody has the file I'm looking at somebody entered obviously under bandages maybe he's reading the percentage as you've entered already, Dwayne, right.

Speaker 2  12:55
Yeah, I sent that file out since I since I updated it

Speaker 1  13:07
Yeah, I mean, this is this is this is doing exactly what it's supposed to do. Like moving forward, I hadn't realized that you can go. You can backdate it to an as off date. But it looks like you you can

Matthias Miller  13:27
yes, it calculates the value as of the build date.

Speaker 1  13:33
And so you can backdate it to whatever I told point I think I would for this I would backdate data to as of five one okay.

Speaker 2  13:47
So district records material percentage inventory, you went back did it 251. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:57
And just to be 100 100% clear, because you're stopping over finished goods inventory values already. You don't care if that spikes way high and your calculated inventory amount is higher until you import the new number.

Speaker 1  14:15
No, we don't because we're not well there might be one or two reports somewhere that reference that number but for doing our actual like what we log on are what we post on our balance sheet and of every month for finished goods inventory is done currently done outside of of assist anyway.

Unknown Speaker  14:37
Okay. Good. So, are these

Speaker 1  14:42
I had thought portions of this are not live yet. Or not. This the sum total if I enter if I add together the new raw materials production labor production overhead. Are we showing that total finished goods inventory Like on our finished goods inventory reports in it says now? No, not yet.

Speaker 2  15:08
Okay, I want to make sure that everybody understands what I'm saying. The company record for production labor and production overhead. I just updated the row that was there, which is 312 2022. I have a feeling you want me to go and actually make a five one for those as well?

Speaker 1  15:28
Yeah, we should we should do this as of the same date for all.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
Got it? I'll do that.

Matthias Miller  15:39
So then, Dwayne, it's clear to you from that report? I mean, if you? Do we want to clear out numbers for things before five one just to avoid confusion. Does that matter?

Unknown Speaker  15:54
Are you asking me?

Matthias Miller  15:57
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  16:00
So are you saying clear out?

Speaker 1  16:07
Okay, what would be the existing numbers, whatever calculations? If we leave? If we leave those numbers alone, what will those numbers show just what they have been showing? Up until I made this change?

Matthias Miller  16:29
Yeah, I mean, if we leave our new FDI FDI numbers in there, I mean, it's just a matter of were you intending to calculate FDI numbers for things before May 1.

Speaker 1  16:44
So here's the steps that I see us taking as we probably through the month of May, hopefully sooner, but for the month of May we test and verify that this is working correctly, I mean, it everything. The only thing that's not working yet is the labor intensive building. calculations, we test those as well. And then when we get to a point where probably are on a, on a first day of the month, I would be hopeful that by June 1, we have this dial in and we say okay, we're going to start using the calculations that assist is giving us and then we'll take everything we have in finished goods inventory as of May 31. Pull that out, do our calculations outside of assist, send you all those send you those values to stamp into finished goods inventory for every building, built before June 1 will send you $1 value for raw materials production labor and production overhead, then will overwrite whatever is in there and just stomped those values in. So that's how I see is transitioning from where we are today to to having values that like what we want them to reflect. So that's sure does that does that answer? Really answering your question, but does that direction on what we should do with

Unknown Speaker  18:46
those values? Yeah, I think I have already when I think

Matthias Miller  18:55
But bottom line, you don't really have to go back before May 1. Well, that's up to you doing doing you can modify this to any date range you want. But I think if you're good.

Speaker 1  19:14
The other thing I want to add is our percentages are not completely dialed in yet either on the overhead and labor. No, no excuse for not having those yet. But I expect next week or two, we'll know exactly what we want those to be. And then Dwayne would just update those values again, but because we're planning to I think June 1 is reasonable to start using that dial in, but anything prior to that will stamp in actual dollar values based on calculation The outside is is I don't think that that matters? Or does that cause implications that I'm not thinking through?

Unknown Speaker  20:09
I don't think so. I don't think so.

Speaker 1  20:12
Okay. And one more question on that is, so I'm not sure that we will. But if if we get to the point where end of June, we say, okay, we know what our standard costs were, for labor for the first six months of the year, we know what our actual costs are. And we now want to reconcile those will affect that that will affect the buildings built say, January, February, March with stomped in values, those numbers adjusted just same as the ones building you right.

Matthias Miller  21:08
And thinking

Speaker 1  21:17
Or said another way, it would look at, okay, we built $2 million worth of buildings in the first we know we build 100 buildings in the first half of the year. And we are standard costing allocated

Unknown Speaker  21:38
$1,000 of

Speaker 1  21:40
labor to those buildings, the actual was actually was 2200. And we see

Unknown Speaker  21:54
that billing billing, increase that number by 10%.

Matthias Miller  22:07
For us to back apply standard costing, we're going to have some we're going to need some kind of standard cost that we've applied, even if it's arbitrary, some standard cost, it's applied to all historical buildings built during that time period. Because that's a

Unknown Speaker  22:28
standard cause that you're saying just stamped in values

Unknown Speaker  22:37
don't work for that? Well,

Matthias Miller  22:41
we need standard values, not just for things that are still in finished goods inventory, we're going to need standard values for every building that has been built. Because that's the weighting factor for how the the actual costs get applied.

Speaker 1  23:00
Got it? Okay. And that's, that's I mean, we're just using all we're going to be doing is using percentages, just what we're doing here, maybe it would make more sense to

Speaker 1  23:19
we're just gonna say for the month of what we are doing right now is we're just saying for the month of March for this company.

Unknown Speaker  23:34
Okay, so it doesn't matter whether we stamp them in, or we backdate and say there's a percentage as we want to use for January, the percentage is from February for March. Either way, it was working in some ways, I think it would make more sense to use it within a system rather than stamping it numbers.

Matthias Miller  24:12
I mean, it sure would be simple. The only thing it's going to affect is what I mean, if your labor intensive costs are correct, or approximately correct. That's going to

Unknown Speaker  24:28
handle the

Matthias Miller  24:31
you know, this building needs more actual costs than another building. But because we're then actualizing it against what what the actual costs were. The only real impact is if the percentage isn't a fine grained enough control of what the relative cost of a specific building was. A little bit of a long handled way to say but Bottom line, I think applying percentages based on what you think of? Well

Matthias Miller  25:14
I guess there's the issue of variance. Variance is really play into it. Well, what I mean, but

Speaker 1  25:29
using what you build an assist, and what we're now testing, with the ability to backdate those images, at least to January 1 of 23, I think would be, will get as much more accurate than what we're currently doing in our spreadsheets because we're not in our spreadsheets we're doing, we're not doing several things that assists will do much better, we're not doing specific, or we're not doing labor intensive buildings. We're not allocating more for those. We're not. We're not even allocating different percentages per build, or all of our percentages are just district wide.

Unknown Speaker  26:11
And another oh, we're not. We're not freezing. And building so I think the right thing to do is

Speaker 1  26:27
keep going with testing. Once we, once we have that dialed in to work, it works correctly for the labor intensive buildings and we have exact percentages on our site, then we can we can basically have a table that says here's what we want to do for your the percentages we want to use for each date range in on a three what I expect will do is the labor and overhead will remain same for all six months, the first six months of the year in the materials is going to move up and down slightly. Every month.

Unknown Speaker  27:20
Make sense? Here. I like it.

Unknown Speaker  27:24
Very good. I like it as well.

Unknown Speaker  27:33
Good.

Matthias Miller  27:35
All right. So Dwayne, you've got the report, you can modify it run calculations, whatever you need, you get what you need. I will try to ping Josh this weekend to see if we can get an assist update to get the labor intensive costs and but even if not, well, either way for to fine tune the labor intensive cost when you can run that in the test assist. And there's a building calc labor intensive amount macro that does a real time calculation for what should gets dumped onto the record. And you can use that to generate reports for Mark as far as are we applying the right labor intensive amount here

Unknown Speaker  28:23
and

Matthias Miller  28:28
I think it's a coordination game between you guys mark and Dwayne to get the numbers dialed in after the update on Saturday

Speaker 1  28:42
and then where does it go and maybe you know where this is but where you know where you can then go and export a report that shows the breakdown of each of the finished goods cost per building like Matthias And

Unknown Speaker  28:59
if that update happens I want to get Aaron I'd like for you and Aaron to work on testing this next week.

Speaker 1  29:08
Fine tune labor intensive buildings and stuff. So what we need is we make an update and then you they are like this and we cross check that

Unknown Speaker  29:22
it's calculating correctly

Speaker 2  29:36
Dwayne you on I am I am. I'm thinking

Speaker 2  29:47
Matthias we might want to just take two minutes and make sure that I'm fully aware of everything that you said. fully understand everything that you said as far as as far as the macro etc. I do I do have a couple of questions on. Well, I don't want to take up the time here as far as the the the labor intensive building expression and what level that sits on what can actually be tied to there, etc, etc. Okay, let's

Matthias Miller  30:22
we can talk about that later this afternoon that I can walk you through all of that.

Speaker 2  30:27
Yeah. I mean, I don't think I'd take more than about five minutes. But I just want to make sure I understand what I'm looking at how to how to write that, etc.

Unknown Speaker  30:36
Yep. Since.

Unknown Speaker  30:42
But, Mark, what was your question? Well,

Speaker 1  30:46
do you know how to access this? Like, a report like Matthias, sent to us? Do you know how to get to that report? Well,

Speaker 2  30:58
I mean, I'm assuming I'm assuming the thigh is the one you linked in your email is the one you're that I'd be using now?

Matthias Miller  31:05
Yes, that's correct. And there's only there's two things you need to know one, I hard coded a date and the subset. So if you want to change the date range, you can either do that or ask ask prompts. And the other thing you need to know is that there's two buttons, one to clear out calculations if you just want to blank them out for some reason. And another one to recalculate the new FTI numbers, which will just blank out the selected you select the buildings and L Link about recalculate? So should be pretty straightforward, I think. But if Yeah. Yep. Good. Good. All right. So on the under splitting expenses.

Unknown Speaker  31:51
Martin, my

Matthias Miller  31:53
thought was a little bit different. In your example, the SKU would already have gotten allocated to cogs. And so you would decrease cogs by I forget the amount 105 and increase office by 105. So that those numbers would zero out? Yeah, transfer?

Speaker 1  32:19
Whatever the the freeform, whatever the other. counted, you want to add, you have to list a negative amount in equal to that.

Matthias Miller  32:33
Yep. That you're moving it out of

Speaker 1  32:36
Yeah, that. Understand, my calculations would not not add up.

Matthias Miller  32:49
I think it should be pretty straightforward. For anybody with a bookkeeping accounting background, you'll make

Unknown Speaker  32:57
good sense to them. Hoping.

Matthias Miller  33:03
So that takes care of that gives us a way that gives us a backdoor and out if we ever need to split split accounts.

Speaker 1  33:12
And this is getting really into the weeds, but we shouldn't we probably never should do this, because IMS tells us what our raw material inventory value is. That's what goes on the balance sheet. And here we would be messing with that we would say we would be expensing, like in this case, $105 worth of office expenses, and

Speaker 1  33:50
we'd also be still be counting $105 on our raw materials, probably. I think bookkeeping, whoever does that needs to be aware of patients to

Speaker 1  34:11
think through that. Situation is Yeah.

Matthias Miller  34:15
Yeah, you could, I don't know what this would mess up. But you could conceivably say you only got two instead of three, or whatever the number is, and then just add the 105 as office expense, noting that we actually got a third one but it's not going into inventory. Yep.

Matthias Miller  34:40
So then, okay. No, no, go ahead. So, the big thing on the table is the chart of accounts.

Matthias Miller  34:57
And I think maybe this conversation can wait until you've nailed down the Chart of Accounts more, but I wanted to get this on the table. Originally, we were talking about having different multiple companies within assist. And I do recall some early conversations about having a shared chart of accounts. And I think perhaps we had talked about just mapping things across. And then in Larry's recent discussion and conversation became evident that we could, if we're doing shared Chart of Accounts, we could have these under one company, but use location and department codes as a way to split these out, and then you could have it doesn't really effect well, there's, there's parts of reporting, it might make it easier to do to do district Comparison Reports. There's nothing that we've done to this point, there's things that we've done to this point that if we go this route, adding the multi company approach probably would not be necessary. Unless we were to bring in role forming and we wanted to make that case. So it makes sense to have a different completely different set of books for that or something or I don't know. Recall the transporter? I don't know what fill in the blank

Matthias Miller  36:44
I don't know exactly where all this conversation needs to go. But I at least wanted to get it out on the table then take a look at

Unknown Speaker  36:54
well the way that that

Speaker 1  37:02
pilot uses locations is is physical locations and with under the Provia within probably I think they have to say there's I think there's three legal entities there. And so they all use the exact same chart of accounts the first two digits on his account number designate what which location it is. So when he's and then when he looks at it creates financial report that are per legal entity, he says I just want locations 01 through 25 Because those are for the manufacturing and 45 through 60 are then logistics so if he wants to look at a logistics financial report, he just looks at is basically filters for everything. He excludes everything other than between 45 and 60 how he's using that and then from a you understand this correctly from a because they're all the ownership structure is is exactly the same like when he wants to look at at for doing taxes for the net profits, you'll just lump them all together because the ownership structure is exactly the same and they don't they don't necessarily care how they're

Unknown Speaker  38:54
so he can use it like that. For what we're doing. I think we want to stay with with Whateley separate companies like we've been designing for and use the location for

Speaker 1  39:13
where within a company let's just pick get time so they have two manufacturing locations. My thought was that we would each manufacturing location would have a location number and most of the time we would simply ignore those. But then if we wanted to do a theoretically we could look at a p&l and say okay, now just at least from gross profit. The cogs in the sales. Just give me a show me a you know, down the gross profit is Show me for the one location

Matthias Miller  40:07
which should show

Speaker 1  40:12
are the sales just show a gross profit for buildings produced at that location? Is my thought was we would use locations or made by a manufacturing location and also sales location is how we would use that location portion of it, but then making any sense.

Unknown Speaker  40:44
Yeah, well, but

Matthias Miller  40:45
with that, isn't this a little bit of what we talked about the dynamic filtering, where we could find me all building and or sales, sales order related accounting transactions for this builder, this district, and it could all be just done on a reporting level

Unknown Speaker  41:19
I think

Speaker 1  41:28
the one area where it would not work, I believe is if we're, like, let's say we're doing payroll or we have a

Unknown Speaker  41:40
if we use the locations.

Speaker 1  41:45
Idea, with and when we get a, again, back to the DNA DNA example, and we get an invoice for diesel fuel. And we'll see where it went to and we'll use we'll say, Okay, this was used at

Unknown Speaker  42:06
that time, so we'll use that location when we when we enter the GL account that we just entered as, as your our labor would be another one if we, if we don't.

Speaker 1  42:29
Like there's not if we just pay that labor as an expense, and we just tag it as labor without knowing which location it is. I'm thinking assist won't know, won't be able to filter that like it would obviously sales and, and always know where it was sold. And those just fields that we're tracking and materials will always know where those materials were received because we have a location feel for for all of our SKU lights. Sure. So

Unknown Speaker  43:19
does it make the most sense

Matthias Miller  43:31
I don't know, this is gonna get us into trouble. I mean, there's two ways we can go about this, we can add full location support. Or we can add support for Location Codes. Like I mentioned, take that from the client system, make it generic. And if we do that, then we'll need to have mapping from each builder down to their specific location code. And we'll need to think through how that it's basically going to proliferate the chart of accounts. So that would be option one. Option two is just adding a field on the transaction that says that this entry is for this specifically directly linked to the company record to the builder

Speaker 1  44:27
so with that mean that one you're the second option. You're saying every transaction, you would have to select which location it is.

Unknown Speaker  44:43
Yeah, I think so.

Unknown Speaker  44:52
And the other would be to the map

Matthias Miller  45:03
Yeah, with the maps shown on the chart of accounts good.

Speaker 1  45:17
Yeah, I can see where it could get using overly complicated. A hybrid approach could be potentially, that. So we've received these materials, you obviously tells us primary calendar, the parent account, GL account, and then the location there should automatically be at the point where entering the transaction will work at what location it's received. So that could auto populate, and it would auto populate that for the materials or for sale in this building, that is dealer. So I know that is location code is it'll auto populate that and then you're doing transactions, the only thing bookkeeping, the only ones you have to enter are ones where assist would not know.

Speaker 1  46:32
Because what are we trying to the end? What are we trying to achieve? Or what while like Larry said, track what, you know, don't try to track something where you can't track it, because then you're just guessing. So I think that comes in here.

Speaker 1  46:56
My suggestion would I mean, unless we need to make a decision. Now my suggestion would be to go through the build out the chart of accounts. Use the location, enter the location codes, as I build it out. And once we have that, hopefully, you know, by the time I get back, have that and then go through that and determine the best course of action based off of that, because as I go through that, I'll need to think through

Unknown Speaker  47:30
you know what, what can be classified location specific and what cannot because I mean, a good example would be marketing, trying to classify How much do we spend on marketing per sales location is

Speaker 1  47:51
completely impossible. If you try to do that, you're just guessing. So what do you use in that in that situation? Or is there are there other expenses that it's easy to see how much sales are generated per location? And it's Are there any expenses that that are worth tracking that we can track per sales location? I think we can track patients and dealer pay per location. But beyond that, is there anything else that really can be tracked for location? And if the answer is no, then is there really that much value in either track tracking that I think a lot of those things will become evident as we go through that. But what are your thoughts? I mean, is this something that we need to need an answer now, or am I missing something on this?

Matthias Miller  48:55
Well, I think you gave a very intelligent and wise answer. Until we have the Chart of Accounts, we don't know what we need. So you're aware of the possible implications.

Unknown Speaker  49:13
And

Matthias Miller  49:17
again, Larry's rule of thumb. I think everybody on the team here myself, Joel, Josh Ellis, well been very happy to have Larry's input in this project, and I think his perspective here is fantastic. So I don't see anything you're missing from my perspective.

Unknown Speaker  49:41
Today, what are you doing over there? What you're doing, but

Speaker 1  49:46
what excites me about what we have is Larry said there's they've they've found in order to do a better financial tracking is that you need to add a bunch of date fields that when did this happen? One delivered. When was the order upgraded? When was all of that? And I feel like we have a modification history, we're already tracking that to a level that probably not many companies are. And so I feel like we're tracking a lot of that data and we can if we use that properly, then it's all there if we just put it in.

Matthias Miller  50:27
Use it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good.

Speaker 1  50:44
Yeah, the balance sheet. He said, got it, we'll discuss. Yeah. Well, go ahead. And

Matthias Miller  50:57
I'm gonna have to drop off in just a few minutes here to get ready for something at the top of the hour. But I think that covers from what I've got the covers, I've got I had on my list

Matthias Miller  51:12
for you said,

Speaker 1  51:12
got it. As far as accessory items from sales orders, Dwayne and I were hoping to at some point, we need to have a discussion on Well, Dwayne, go ahead. I think you were timeframe was one thing you wanted to know. You and Josh, were talking about this as well. And?

Speaker 2  51:34
Well, I mean, we got a marketing call here in about eight minutes. I can discuss that with Matthias. We were going to talk again, at what,

Unknown Speaker  51:46
three o'clock is something I can we can I can discuss that. And I can get back to you.

Speaker 1  51:53
Okay, and it was helpful. I would be available at three of if you want me to join, but either way, it's fine. Okay. Got it?

Matthias Miller  52:07
Oh, yeah. Okay, well, well, that space bottom line that I've got is that my understanding had been that we're switching these two list items. And I had handed it off Josh to switch it to a list item so we can do the mapping. And that it's in his court but doing and I can touch base and

Unknown Speaker  52:24
yeah, the problem is I don't like his solution.

Speaker 2  52:32
No, no, we just need it. We just need to I need to know how fast you need it because I really would kind of want to do it a little bit better than what he's proposing. Just because it's going to make a mess if we just do that restricted.

Matthias Miller  52:50
Okay, well, the big reason to make that not make it that restricted. There's two ways we can do well, we need to I'm gonna get myself into trouble.

Unknown Speaker  52:59
Yeah. Let's just find it through three. Okay,

Matthias Miller  53:03
sounds good. And as for what we'll do that sounds good. Sounds brilliant. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  53:12
Anything else?

Unknown Speaker  53:16
Not for me. No.

Unknown Speaker  53:19
Okay. Good. Appreciate it. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai