Unknown Speaker  00:23
Morning Good Morning.

Unknown Speaker  00:36
How are you today? I'm good. Alright guys, Michael, how did you guys have a nice weekend?

Unknown Speaker  00:48
Sure. Michael here had a great weekend.

Unknown Speaker  00:51
Good you doing this morning, though, is that Michael? Oh, how

Unknown Speaker  01:03
are you doing this morning?

Speaker 1  01:05
I'm doing well. I'm doing well. We had I had some family members visiting from my cousin very close to my cousin was like a brother lives in Mexico. And he came in to visit family. So we spent a lot of time with him this weekend while he was in it was it was really nice. Great, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  01:28
Matthias How was your weekend?

Matthias Miller  01:31
Oh, I guess the weekend. It was pretty good. Hung out as a family. Yeah, went bowling together Friday night as a family activity. So three year old, three year old beat everybody else? I don't know. Oh, my goodness. It's fun. My wife and I end up on our game. So

Unknown Speaker  02:03
that's awesome.

Matthias Miller  02:11
Good. Well, Tori, I'm curious what your experience was like, on Saturday?

Speaker 2  02:20
Yes. So on Saturday, I was able to get a few quotes out. So had two conversations that were about four leads. The others resulted in voicemails. And I did have a lady email me back. Regarding financing. And I did have a question regarding that, is there a way that we could give her a range based off financing just according to what they say their credit score is and how much to ship costs? Before they actually have to go through the steps to see their options?

Matthias Miller  02:55
Mike, do you know if we have those ranges available?

Speaker 3  03:00
That my understanding of that is so obviously we're in the interim there for direct to consumer. And we've been served as a merchant is still in progress, but direct to consumer is functioning that I understand you, they would need to go through the steps and getting the information which takes about five minutes understand and based on that is what they get offered from multiple banks or banks take a peek at and say, Oh, well, based off of this will offer you this. So it varies a lot based on you know what? Okay, I guess the answer your question I understand that is what would need to happen now. It is a soft check. The first go around is a soft check. So really not going to, you know, Ding their credit by running it. So after they get the offers and they see oh, that's what I want and hit it. That's when you know, our check gets done running around and usually everything gets done. So it's not, you know, it's easy, soft to do that. And you can assure the customers it's detrimental to them.

Speaker 2  04:23
Okay, that helps a lot. And disregarding what I have in the works. There's a guy named Randy Teague, where I send pictures over to Lindsey and Karina, and they're sending it over to Randall sent his information over to see if it needs a site check. So just waiting to hear back on that. And what will I be updated during that process, like well, I know after the site checks done, or if it doesn't need a site check. He was considering doing an RTO

Unknown Speaker  05:05
So I guess you're asking, asking me on that one.

Unknown Speaker  05:08
Yeah. Whoever has the answer to it,

Speaker 3  05:13
I guess it was the first time for everything. So in the normal setting, that information does flow back through the the scheduling department there, and comes back. And that's how it should flow. Obviously, this is a first time for online. But that's how it should flow. So if she does not bring it back to you, just reach out to her and ask for it for an update. So Randall does do the site checks for North Carolina. Alex does the site check for Virginia. And then after the site check has been completed, they push that information back to scheduling. So I usually be able to get that handled answers back from school.

Speaker 2  06:01
Okay, perfect. I know he has a pretty urgent need. He was saying he has a Spence knocked down and he wants to put it back up ASAP. So yeah, it'd be great to get that going. And then I have a guy named Casey that I spoke with on Friday. And he said he was applying for the financing. So I'm able to reach him on Saturday. So I'll be circling back with him today. So after he applies for financing, am I free to just go ahead and complete the sale? Or do we wait on word back? Regarding financing? As for either one of you?

Matthias Miller  06:48
Can you run that one more time?

Speaker 2  06:51
Yes, so I have a guy that apply for financing. So I was wondering if I can go ahead and complete the sale. Once he applies, or once he gets those different options that are just how that works.

Matthias Miller  07:06
I mean, it makes sense to me to to complete the sale if he gets approval. Because we don't need if we're if we're willing, if we're able to do $0 down. Then as long as as long as those funds come through in the time that I mean that those funds are supposed to come through in a very timely manner. So but I don't think it makes sense to do that before he has before he has that approval.

Unknown Speaker  07:34
Okay, who should I come with on that?

Matthias Miller  07:39
I mean, Mike, we are doing we are we are currently doing $0 down are we

Speaker 3  07:46
on the RTO side, we are on the financing side on cash sales, like on this financing side direct to consumer, we would consider the cash sale, right? Because he's getting financed directly to the consumer and then he pays it back. So typically what we would do then is we would just ask for a down and then the balance on delivery. When direct consumer so as long as he has his money, he he could just go right through like cash sale and just Okay, another thing.

Speaker 1  08:26
Okay. Tactically for a cash sale, we're we're requiring the client, they can send a cheque, is that true? They can mail a check to vinyl structures.

Unknown Speaker  08:43
dkn

Speaker 1  08:46
and the alternative would be they provided some type of routing number from their bank for payment on the portal

Unknown Speaker  08:58
you probably have a better answer to that one on. No, there's a difference.

Matthias Miller  09:03
Yeah, I mean, they would I mean, they could they could, you know, either put it on a credit credit card, pay the credit card off or, you know, gratitude debit card or something like that. I don't think we have. My understanding is we don't currently have ACH or

Unknown Speaker  09:18
okay

Matthias Miller  09:23
yeah, for for sales. Okay. If it's not if it's not an option in the checkout process, then no we don't

Speaker 2  09:34
I think I may need to revisit the RTL sales training. Do we have that recording for the training?

Matthias Miller  09:42
Yeah, it's in the wiki. The mistake or it's supposed to be let me see if it is.

Matthias Miller  09:56
digital sign notes Hey

Speaker 2  10:12
I just want to be be able to answer when we're asked how it's calculated like how we get the numbers as far as

Matthias Miller  10:22
let me chase it down.

Unknown Speaker  10:26
Okay, thank you

Speaker 1  10:32
and for for me, I wanted to touch base on you then customers like using the Trello board, I'm now logged into it and when we get an email just kind of letting where's it directing to? So I have the example pulled up here I can share my screen. Just kind of walk me through what steps to take so Matthias, can you enable the screen sharing? Just Oh, perfect. Okay, thank you. Alrighty, so when a email comes in, and it's a response to one of the welcome messages from Gabe, because they're in the campaign, I will want to determine what to do with them. So don't want to ignore them. Sometimes they have a question. So I've copied their email address into Trello and found a contact record. And I want to make sure I'm interpreting where this is going since Tori and I don't really use Trello. So no one's overlooked or we just have a good process for those folks.

Matthias Miller  11:48
So the second under Brian responded to an online lead it says enlist online. Yeah. Okay. And so that's an online lead. Okay. If it would be if you click the X here and go over to just click one. Yeah, it's Yeah, but if you click one on like three point South Boston, just for comparison, yeah. Like click April. You'll see it's enlisted point South Boston. Okay. I'll tell you where it is. And so if it's online and you don't, it's not in your queue then that means Tory's. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 1  12:37
So the online leads listed here Matthias are a combination of the leads that are in Tory's assist portal and biases portal so that we can basically if we needed to, we could reference someone's phone number contact info and snatch it from there. Okay. All right. Well, now who would then take that out here, I suppose, and run it as a search, just to confirm. Okay, sorry. He's all there. So in that case, then, Tori, when we see these come through, because this is a shared inbox, I think. I mean, in this based upon what he said here, this just indicates to me that it's a more active lead, because he's actually responding quickly to that email. But there's really nothing left. Nothing needed to be said through this thread. It would probably just be food for thought, I guess on his That's correct. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:39
Okay. It also confirms that he's reading and responding to email. Yeah. So, okay. Yep. Perfect. And then there were a few others were, you know, I don't know where the thing was a lady who said, yeah, no, but not yet. No, not yet. I wonder if we should maybe pause some of those and wait to follow up. I don't know perhaps Perhaps even do a manual follow up with them. Like, I don't want to do the opposite campaign. What I don't want to do is they say no, not yet. And then we just keep maybe it makes sense to keep just sending them emails, but

Speaker 1  14:31
interesting. So let's say we want to pause let's just talk that one through we want to pause versus we don't want to pause. We don't want to pause. Don't take any actions, though continue receiving it until the campaign's over. If they do want to pause we can go into the record, select, you know, has has contacted salesperson, is there something else we should be tagging them in to create some type of lists like that we want to re add them in the future to maybe a drip campaign that's less frequent since they're interested, but they're maybe circling back to it in the spring or something like that.

Matthias Miller  15:22
Well, this will become unmanageable with huge amounts of leads. But what you could do is do a follow up task for next spring.

Speaker 1  15:29
Oh, yeah, that's true in assist, and then add it, just

Matthias Miller  15:35
to put it back on the on the auto responder. That's a great idea. If that makes sense,

Speaker 1  15:42
and then to put them back on the auto responder would be to simply remove that contacted salesperson tag, right, it would then continue generating the 10 day. Campaign. Okay, three days. Thanks for talking through this nitty gritties. I always feel a little bit self conscious with what is the guest experiencing while I'm clicking around and adding these tags and just making sure that it's not feed to them or causing them to feel like you know, we're a robot. Yep. Awesome. Awesome. I don't have any other questions this morning.

Matthias Miller  16:29
Good. I don't have anything else either. I mean, if I've got a whole list I've been corresponding with a marketing guy about changes to the lead form. I've got a whole list of things that we've talked about along the way. So keep, keep working my way through that. But yeah, if there's anything else do you guys think of cellphone for y'all? We know.

Speaker 2  16:59
We want to revisit the Black Friday sale conversation, or did y'all have that Friday? I don't know, we didn't

Speaker 1  17:06
be waiting for you. Okay. That was a great thought. So we were discussing how to seal these deals with online leads that are very close. And I remember we talked about using Active Campaign is like a marketing, outreach, possibly having a link that the client can click immediately and call the queue that Tori and I would be in that day working. And there being a decent discount something that would you know, cause them to bite the hook. As far as turnaround time to prepare for that, something like that. We're November tomorrow. Do we need any special approvals? Or do you do want to organize to draft the communication strategy? Book? Shall we do?

Matthias Miller  18:11
Yeah, I mean, I'm, I think, Mike from from your standpoint, you run on board with that idea. On our last call. I think it's a great, I think it's a great trial run, I think, going ahead and drafting that we do have some personalization that we can embed. And my my recommendation would be to

Matthias Miller  18:48
maybe some more best practices that I'm not certain of, but we should have at least a you know, perhaps a few days heads up and this is coming a day, the day before heads up. And then morning noon, and then you know, doors are closing soon kind of kind of email around. I don't know maybe around 4pm or something like that. On the day of I can also see from

Matthias Miller  19:29
but yeah, I think that sounds I think it sounds good for you guys to go ahead and drop some of that.

Speaker 1  19:35
How do you guys feel about the timeframe when the deal should be available? Is it the week of Thanksgiving? Is it only Black Friday? Is it I know folks get bombarded with marketing material during this time because everyone's running massive sales. So I'm wondering if we create that. Notice perhaps something we can send out by next Monday have, you know, during this date range, this is what's coming. And then just kind of building towards that date range or building towards a specific day. I don't know how long you want to leave that window open.

Speaker 2  20:17
If we did it too early, do you think that will deter people from buying like within the next couple of weeks?

Speaker 1  20:24
Well, here's what I foresee happening, I first see a client picking up the phone and contacting us, like if we leave them a link or phone number. But then, as we've experienced this bar, there's a little bit of back and forth in completing or getting that close to closure, because of, you know, a site check a, you know, color that they want to verify. So I don't know if it's like, if they start the conversation with us on that day, they would qualify versus if they are closing the conversation on that day, that they I don't want that to get muddy.

Speaker 3  21:07
Seems to me like maybe we should be trying to focus on all that are already in the queue? Yeah. Those are sort of our focus, I think we want it then to come across and purchase.

Unknown Speaker  21:32
Yeah, that's true, we can make it very stood

Speaker 3  21:34
out a little bit. This little idea we've tested out in as in a slightly different manner last week with a brick and mortar dealer. And had quite a bit of this. Okay. Healer sold $34,000. Last week.

Unknown Speaker  21:55
Awesome. So

Speaker 3  21:59
it seemed to make a difference. So I think doing it strategically. Get it in the backside of a little campaign we had done local newspaper we had run in those people started coming in, and they were interested. And then on the backside of that we did this little thing and it seemed to work. So name's Matthias, do you have a great in there? Should it be? Should it be this week? Should it be next week? Should it be in three weeks should it be you see that in the most effective

Matthias Miller  22:47
so so I'm going to I'm going to imagine this as a bit of an evergreen process. So this could be something that we do monthly, the list would be anybody who's raised a very serious price objection, or somebody who's been through 30 days of the auto responder, or maybe even 21 days, they're getting close to the end. And I mean, I'm Marisa, like your idea of doing it based on reach out, if you reach out to us by this date. And you. You purchase, you know, whatever, whatever the timeframe is, if you reach out on this date, and you purchase by two weeks later or something like that, then we can give you this, we can give me this option. I would probably opt to make the I probably ought to make the deadline be Black Friday and require people to reach out on you know, say, say there's the 10th or 11th, or whatever it is, yeah. In order to secure their spot.

Speaker 1  24:22
I like that. And I also like that since it worked on a lot. And that was successful to them being able to make it an evergreen process where we might just market it differently based upon the month in the season and what is you know, somewhat of a catchy sale, but that it that is actually a consistent behavior for the team that if we've had quoted, qualified leads that are just dragging that final closure moment and we're offering that deal to seal it. That might be an excellent way to clean the pipeline out of Folks that have just been like not tire kickers, those are kind of the folks that don't answer you. But more. So they've just they're debating their decision a long time. Help them make that decision.

Matthias Miller  25:16
I think my biggest concern with Evergreen is that even though it's evergreen on our end, I don't want I don't want our customers to get used to a monthly sale.

Unknown Speaker  25:26
Absolutely.

Matthias Miller  25:28
So I think it's something that we offer after 30 days, and and perhaps if we offer it once, you know, maybe we don't offer it again, for six months or something. I don't know what the right thing is. I mean, we'll have to optimize it to that same group of people. Okay. Next weekend would actually be the 11th. And 12th would be great. Because Tori, that would be your Saturday to be in on now to be in. And so yeah. Let it Yeah. That way.

Speaker 2  26:16
When do you want to get together on that, Marisa? As far as drafting the message?

Speaker 1  26:20
Yeah, but some I have warning calls out this morning and tomorrow. So perhaps this afternoon and also have a good chunk of time without pre scheduled calls on Tuesday afternoon. So either of those work for me.

Unknown Speaker  26:46
Okay. We'll discuss it in the report.

Speaker 1  26:49
Yeah, sounds good. Matthias we can drop basically a Tell me a little bit about active campaign if we build something I want to make the most cleanest?

Matthias Miller  27:04
Is it a survey? I would start by drafting it in Google Docs to give us a chance to review and we'll we'll figure out who actually got approval and payment. Okay. Yep. Sounds good. But the other thing that you could do is create like a let me let me put this in discord I think something like you guys be welcome to tag tag folks. Who you think it'd be good candidates with something like a just create a new tag like that? Something along those lines. And we can use that for the list when we get rolling.

Unknown Speaker  28:07
Sounds good?

Matthias Miller  28:09
Good. Awesome. Good. Sounds like a plan. Anything else?

Speaker 1  28:20
No funny story. I call the gentleman His name is Steven Gilley. He's quoted, he's excited by and I'm calling him to start talking about rent to own like, Hey, man, let's talk about the contract length you want. And I call him on Friday. It's like, I thought I thought I'd try to catch them up your work. So I called him at like, 445. Like, hoping they grab, he answers the phone. And he's like, hey, it's not a good time right now. I'm 35 feet up in the air on a lift. Like, dude, why are you answering the phone? So I politely was like, well, please be safe while you're working. Like, I'll talk to you on Monday. But like, do you know, do you guys know people like that, that like while they're working 35 feet up in the air? An unknown number calls them and they answer. If it was my spouse, I would answer anyone else. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  29:15
Alert is a friend of mine who I had to, you know, persuade to actually you know, wear seatbelt and drive, you know, less than 10 over you would still like to multitask like taking calls and talking into this phone and it wasn't 35 feet in the air but different people have different types of you know,

Speaker 1  29:44
I don't know why did I was like why did you like puzzled me all weekend?

Matthias Miller  29:50
I mean, he maybe maybe he actually maybe he thought it was you maybe he was just so excited about the

Speaker 1  30:00
I'll let you know how it goes later today once we have a real conversation he's not

Matthias Miller  30:06
well, good luck with that. Sounds exciting.

Unknown Speaker  30:10
Well, good start to the week everyone. Hope you have a great day. Yep.

Matthias Miller  30:15
Yep, I appreciate it. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai