Matthias Miller  00:36
Hey guys. Well Kristen, Hello, Mark. Mark gave a right? Well, good day to you all. I had to kind of jump in with both feet. I had a call with Josh to talk about a whole bunch of this stuff and have a few minor questions on that. Gabe, I know you talked to Leland, on Friday. And I didn't know if you've got an update here for us that would make sense to go over there if there's anything from that that we should be aware of here, not

Speaker 1  01:49
you Yeah, there's not I mean, I can probably do that update in three minutes or less. I mean, do that now. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  02:02
let's go ahead. And yeah,

Speaker 1  02:06
so I did not study up and summarize this. But the I would say the key takeaways I wrote up a little bit something in the the daily update thing, but just general, trying to explain to him what we're trying to do out the gate he was really

Speaker 1  02:37
nobody is doing an all in one system. And and to start with we're doing summarize a little more game. He was really worried out of the gate when I was trying to explain to him what we're doing that we're going to do the same thing that about everybody else does, that tries to do something of this nature, they get overwhelmed, and they try to do a project bigger than what they're able to do. And they get to a point where they've invested so much money into it that they can't really continue. But neither can they stop, and they just kind of get stuck. He started asking some technical questions about ACID transactions, a whole bunch of technical stuff, and I put my birth in. And after Matthias answer those questions, he was a lot more positive than he was to start with. And when he started understanding the amount of accounting functionality that is in assist. Currently, it kind of changed the picture. And then that was the first part of the conversation. The second part of the conversation was probably more productive, just more mantle's I specifically asked, How to Record income taxes on a partnership on the financial statements. And the missing piece and the reason that we kept striking out on it was Elon mentioned the, the EBITDA line on an income statement and how the second part of the transaction needs to be below the EBITDA line to do a little more research on EBITDA. I found some really interesting stuff. I don't know that any of this has really been very helpful for our discussion today, other than this may be a little bit helpful. After I got done talking to him. I was more convinced, probably than I've been in a while that we're doing the right thing. Trying to put or accounting inside of assist and the fact that nobody else. Yeah, he actually said nobody in the shared industry is got an entire system under the hood. And he said, maybe there is somebody that he doesn't know about, but he's fairly well versed in the shady industry, which he is. doesn't think so. So that kind of molded me a little bit. I know some people say, Oh, nobody else is doing it. We should not either. But I kind of think the opposite way. Wow. uncharted territory, this is great. So that's about it. On the Leland call, that's

Speaker 2  05:43
I'm hearing him say that nobody, nobody in the shade industry is doing it sounds way different than what Jonathan said on one of his latest podcasts. Something about we we got a big boy ERP system after a couple of million bucks. And he made it sound like they've got everything Hamann in one big nice system so

Speaker 1  06:18
well, that ERP Yeah, but what he had reference to is ERP, oh, boy. configurator. W he came up with some terms, I wasn't aware of inventory management, warehouse management. I forget the was not inventory management. It was the list he was naming off, ERP was one of the about four things configurator ERP warehouse management? I can't think of the third term, but it was the equivalent of inventory management. I don't know. I guess what you were saying?

Matthias Miller  07:22
Yeah, it makes sense. I mean, from conversations that I've had the I don't know the situation intimately well, but just because systems are integrated, functionally does not mean that they're integrated seamlessly. So it is a challenge to integrate all those systems which he would have mentioned on the part of the call that I was on

Speaker 1  07:59
so unless somebody has other questions that kind of concludes the what I learned from Lila

Speaker 2  08:09
so well on the income taxes real quick. So how does in layman's terms, how do you how do you handle it?

Speaker 1  08:24
Well, you whenever they come do you show them as a liability on the on the balance sheet. And as an expense on the income statement, under the EBITDA line, as you call it, which the EBITDA is, is Earnings Before Interest, the EB earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. And then it shows as an expense under the EBITDA line along with interest, taxes. Well, that is taxes. Okay. So that means the income statement then shows the the earnings before tax and the earnings after tax would be the simple explanation.

Unknown Speaker  09:21
an eon show.

Unknown Speaker  09:24
Go ahead. So

Speaker 2  09:27
let's say there's a total of $300,000 in income taxes total on an income statement and the Fed doesn't. Have this isn't isn't. dates aren't realistic, but let's say it would. Those taxes wouldn't be due until December 31 of this year. Would you not show any you wouldn't show anything then until that date?

Unknown Speaker  09:58
Or would you show

Speaker 2  10:02
Would you show an estimated amount until the day you pay them or when they come become Do

Speaker 1  10:11
you would show or generally the income due every quarter. So, regardless of when you pay him, so whenever they come due, you would show the amount that is due as a liability and as an expense in non operating. And then whenever you pay it, which could be the next day or immediately or it could be not until the following year, it becomes just a balance sheet transaction. And

Speaker 2  10:51
if it's every quarter for the first two and a half month or whatever your your profits just look. Or don't show anything like your profits show higher than

Speaker 1  11:05
the last hit. Yeah, unless unless we want to get more fancy. We could accrue them, like on a monthly basis.

Speaker 2  11:20
So did you have any? What was his advice there? Should we accrue them? Or am I correct? If we'd accrue if we accrue them, then we have a theoretically have a more accurate picture of a profitability than if we don't show them until they become due.

Speaker 1  11:46
There's the two, the first part of the answer is yes. But the thing, the second part of the answer is no. Because it all depends if we're talking about the earnings before taxes or earnings after taxes. The way he's suggesting that we we do our income statement. We show both before and after. So the before won't be more or less accurate. But the after will be that we didn't we didn't get into that level of detail like should we accrue them or not? I don't know. But I do know that they accrue like their bonuses and stuff.

Unknown Speaker  12:33
Which makes sense because

Speaker 1  12:37
it doesn't really make sense to end of the year all of a sudden have a huge dump.

Speaker 2  12:51
So you didn't get into or he didn't say how they how they do that. Bars know whether they accrued.

Speaker 1  12:58
Okay, I was running him over time and kind of feel bad about it. So I offered him a wagyu steak and knock it off. Maybe

Unknown Speaker  13:05
I can talk to him again. He was pretty responsive to that steak. I'm really fond of wagyu. Where do you live? Is this the number I call? 407? No, no, no, no, no, that's that's the Google meeting number we're on. Oh, okay. Well, what's your number? I said, Oh, email to you. Probably see him again. Good.

Unknown Speaker  13:43
He's probably on its way now. Stop in for lunch. Good.

Unknown Speaker  13:58
Well, very good. What's next on the list?

Matthias Miller  14:01
All right. Um, one question I had about the FTA reporting. Josh mentioned that you've got two kinds of FTA reporting. And one is a lower number and a higher number. And currently, we're not tracking any production overhead. Should those FTI reports still continue to only show production labor and raw material costs? Or does that reporting need to change to include production overhead as well?

Speaker 2  14:37
I think what he's referencing to is the two reports. I think we call him if I'm correct. The two reports he's referencing to the one shows retail value of our finished goods inventory. So production overhead would have no effect wouldn't affect that I intend of that is

Unknown Speaker  15:04
for things like our line of credit. Banks to see here's what haven't finished goods inventory at a resale or retail value. The other report is

Speaker 2  15:25
is just like he said, materials and labor. I think that's a business decision that we'll need to make. Should it include production overhead? I think it should. And I think it will. But Gabe, I'm sure you have that's what you're thinking as well. Right.

Unknown Speaker  15:48
I have to say that one more time.

Speaker 2  15:51
So Did did you get the part about the first finished goods? For the retail value? One? Did that all make sense?

Speaker 1  16:00
No. So I was actually this is some a sales report. That I don't understand. So I didn't try to follow everything.

Speaker 2  16:14
So Matthias, correct me if I'm wrong, but Josh is saying we have to finish goods inventory reports in is this one a higher number one a lower number? Correct?

Matthias Miller  16:23
Correct. And as you described it as in the same way that I understood, yes, based on real retail price, and one based on the actual numbers.

Speaker 2  16:34
So the one retail price that won't be affected at all by we're coming up with that number in a totally different manner. So production overhead, or no production overhead won't affect that. The other report? Josh is correct. Currently, we're showing cereals and labor to come up with a cause which we show on our balance sheet. Question is, do we include production overhead in that number, which will obviously make for a higher numbers? And I think that's a while it is a business decision that will have to be made, but from what I'm everything we've talked so far, and from what we're where we're going, I think the the answer is yes, we will be including production overhead in that number. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:33
So So basically, for historical buildings will stamp in a $0 production overhead amount. And then when we configure these percentages, will the labor percentage is going to drop base, you know, lower than what it is now? And some of its going to be allocated to rent?

Speaker 2  17:56
Yeah, it'll drop a little bit, but not I don't see it dropping much the total finished goods number is simply going to be higher. And to your question about historical buildings. That's another, I had it on my list. I do have another list here that we need to talk about is

Unknown Speaker  18:16
do we need to go through and revalue Oracle buildings to finish with the inventory value on those?

Speaker 2  18:26
I don't think we need to help a lot of time on this call to try and figure out if we should or should not. But my question is, if if we do revalue those to reflect the same? Well, I think we should revalue them so that they reflect the same physical, unitary cause that we're planning to use moving forward. My question to you Matthias, is if we do that, I see as creating that in a spreadsheet outside of his his sending you a bunch of numbers for Josh to upload, stamp into assist as a one time ban for those buildings. And I'm pretty sure Josh did that at least once before. Do you see any reasons why we couldn't do that? If we go through and we value all historical buildings and stamp that on that building record. Um,

Matthias Miller  19:28
I would argue that we should use percentages because of the point that the building building gets sold if we want to expense it out correctly. Don't we need to have that line item detail?

Speaker 2  19:47
Hmm, yeah. Yeah, I see what you're the reason I say a total dollar amount is is we're going to have limited information and so the numbers are going To be around it, then what we're waiting moving forward. But whichever way we go, we would be stamping in either percentages or numbers on historical buildings leave in and there would be provision or therapy provision to do way right.

Matthias Miller  20:27
Well, actually, here's how. Thinking

Speaker 2  20:51
So, Matthias, I think what what I was thinking was listed as, I'm just going to use round numbers, but I was thinking we would give you for this. Building number 123, we would give you a number, like $3,000 is for materials. 300 is for labor. And 200 is for production overhead, and we want you to stamp those in, and then that's what we'll pull, just like the big bug amounts as those buildings are sold. What you're thinking is that of $3,000 on materials you want 30% on labor? Well, production overhead, maybe an overall percentage of 20%. And then that broken down into 10% for equipment, depreciation 5% for supplies and tools or something like that, right? Well,

Matthias Miller  21:43
I'm actually not opposed to those big buckets, as long as you're fine with them hitting the expense accounts as big buckets. I think my preference would be I don't know if this FDA report is accurate, but I'm seeing things on FTI going back to 2000. Actually 19. If we're going to York, I don't know if that's relevant or not.

Speaker 2  22:09
But yeah, you're gonna see some 2000, which is miscellaneous stuff that we intentionally dated back to 2000. So it's not basically a workaround for miscellaneous items, such as rakes old ramps are something so that we have basically have a place to stick those until they're paid cleared up, and so they don't mess up.

Matthias Miller  22:37
Alright. I'm also seeing random buildings like here's one from 2018 2018 to from 2018. And then, once we get so I guess I'm saying all that a simple way to do this. Well, would we do it? I guess at that, at that point, it doesn't really matter. So if if you're fine. Sorry, give me give me a chance to think through the process. I think basically, what we would do is we would have a single item under each category for all things prior to December 31, from December 31, prior, and we would stamp in an actual cost based on your spreadsheet that you provide us. And from there, everything should just work. So yes, I think I think that option is fine. Giving us a spreadsheet.

Speaker 2  23:47
You're saying when you say that option, you're saying the three big buckets as dollar amounts per building?

Matthias Miller  23:54
Yes. As long as you find those hitting the the income statement as in big buckets.

Speaker 1  24:05
I don't quite understand our big buckets here. Because I mean, all the old buildings that we're talking about here, we're going to have to have them hit the income statement, one by one just like any other building.

Unknown Speaker  24:21
Yeah, we'll have to go ahead and decide.

Matthias Miller  24:26
So, yes, but they're going to hit the income statement based on the cost that was determined historically. So if you want the supplies to be hitting the income statement and be broken out for these buildings, then we're gonna have to go back historically and assign the supplies cost to each. We're gonna have to have some method of assigning supplies cost to each historical building.

Speaker 1  24:52
Why wouldn't we want to just come up with percentages. Like we're gonna have two levels of percentages. One for the big bucket. And then other percentages within the big bucket for the smaller buckets, right?

Speaker 2  25:09
Yeah. Well, Matthias is right. There's no reason why we couldn't I was just, I think we'll just have to make a decision, is it worth going to that level of detail? I was thinking, looking into historical numbers, and trying to break production overhead down into all the smaller categories underneath is? Well, one, we're going to just be accurate, are we going to be able to get that and to? Is it worth our time? Are we better off to just say, Buck? No, right for this period was? We could do it percentage or whole numbers. But I think we'll just have to make a business decision we want to expend is it worth the time and energy to try and, and break it down, like, overhead, for example, into all the categories underneath.

Matthias Miller  26:12
although keep in mind that getting this calculated is as simple as for each, you know, for maximum, maybe three years? Well, first of all, we need to come up with some made up percentages that come out about right. Although that really doesn't matter until you look at profitability unless you run for building profitability. So all you really have to do is say, here are all the categories. And in the year 2020. When we do our actual costs, we'll have a full year actual cost period. So we're gonna say from January one to December 31, we spent $17,142, on tools. And now go distribute that as an actual cross a cost across all buildings. And percentages, really, at that point don't matter that much. Because we only care about the ones we're only gonna be using these numbers for things that are in inventory. And those are the only buildings really care about.

Unknown Speaker  27:24
Yeah, you're right, you. We could

Speaker 2  27:32
Yes, it could be done. Be the only I'm not sure how far back we have manufacture prices. And then beyond that, we'll have to

Speaker 2  27:54
come up with a number but but we could basically use your What did you call it like your distribution, your financial allocation tool, or that that same process to review either costs or percentages? On those historical buildings?

Matthias Miller  28:21
As far as how far you have the manufacturer price, we shouldn't look going back as far as anything on FGI on the FDA report?

Speaker 2  28:31
Well, no, we don't because when we started that I'm thinking nice. I think we started that in fall of 2001. And then before that, I'd have to go back and see for sure. But I think at that point, Josh, basically stamped in a number. On on finished goods inventory value, actually, I think that's what he did, because I was looking at some older buildings. And I, if I remember correctly, we did a spreadsheet, come up with some numbers, and here's what it should be. And he stamped those in as a one time overwrite. So for those those buildings, I think it's number of 21. And, and before we wouldn't have that level of information, which there's not well, there's still yes, there's a couple 100 buildings taller than that.

Matthias Miller  29:28
Yeah, that makes sense. I remember seeing that number on the on the building record. And

Speaker 2  29:35
I mean, there's several things we could do. One is we could go through and recalculate all those buildings, recalculate their manufacture prices, if we want to, that would bring up open up another can of worms where it would change all historical numbers. Local production numbers or Jobs thought they had $3 million worth of production. Now, the reports are actually showing 3.2. And but it would give us an accurate finished goods inventory number.

Speaker 1  30:16
Are you saying that pre September 21? We don't have manufacturer numbers, right?

Speaker 1  30:34
Now, how are we going to come up with finished goods numbers for those without creating manufacture numbers? Well, we'll

Speaker 2  30:49
need to decide how we I mean first of all, I'd like to see what we'd use to I'd probably go back to the spreadsheet that we've used when we stamped those numbers. I'm sure I have it somewhere. And I think it could be as simple as taking those buildings and saying, Okay, we added a column, whatever values we've used, here's how we came up with our material percentages. Here's how we did our labor percentage. Now let's add another column for booking overhead at X percentage. And just add that on top of it. I think that would be the without digging deeper, I think that, to me, that seems like the most best way of of adding that to those older buildings.

Matthias Miller  31:52
On this is getting too deep in the weeds, but as far as the manufacturer price, it's stored, you know, because these old ones do have a manufacturer price stored on it, it might not be an accurate one. I'm not sure exactly sure where it's coming from. Do you know where that where that manufacturer price came from?

Speaker 2  32:09
You're saying the ones older than 21? Yeah. I do not. I'm wondering if Josh has called whatever number we were tracking at that point. All that manufacturer number, I expect that's what he was doing.

Matthias Miller  32:28
Because I'm seeing through, see where this change through about April 1 of 21, we're seeing about 43%. Inventory, the prison inventory number was around 43% 43 to 47% ish, of whatever we had stored as the manufacturer price, then at that point, it jumped to 57 to 60. Was some variation. So okay, um, I think I think the very short answer, is that the tried to be very short answer is that if you can give us the we can do this one of two ways. One, you can give us a spreadsheet with those big buckets. And then you can say within those big buckets, use these percentages to break it down into little buckets. Or you can say we're not going to expense out all these different pieces, we're just going to expense out one of these pieces, like a single on a single line item. And

Matthias Miller  33:51
then that's ultimately a business decision for you. And I think we can import that. However, whichever direction you're wanting to go.

Speaker 2  34:05
I want to make a note of that. You said there's two ways one is is that I should have been making notes. Sure.

Matthias Miller  34:13
Okay, approach first number one is exactly what you mentioned. We only we store overrides for all the big buckets. And but then when we expense these out, whenever old buildings get sold, they will get expensed out on a single well under three expense accounts. Option two is we come up with we still do that but then we come out with come up with percentages. You say well, if we think tools is about this percent, and we we then allow it to be expensed out. On a more granular basis, it's still estimates but so it gets expensed out on a more granular basis. I'm not sure if that's a good way to go or not option three. But hang on are we going to deal with very? We're going to deal with variances. And are we going to end up having to do manual variance variances for these?

Unknown Speaker  35:34
are historical?

Matthias Miller  35:35
Yeah, for historical?

Speaker 2  35:37
Well, no. I'm thinking we won't, I'm thinking we'll take, we'll look at it. Let's take 22, for example. But to keep it brief, but I am thinking for, for 2022, we would look at in that year for what we produce, we had a million dollars worth of buildings produce manufacture price, and then we had a million dollars worth of production labor. So we say okay, that's ampersand. Manufacturer price is production labor. And that's what we would. Why to all, unsold to all buildings that have not been sold. Well, and the same, we would do the same, you know, for on 2020. Probably back to 2018. I think those probably don't have any buildings older than 18 Still in inventory. And

Speaker 1  37:03
maybe I'm thinking about doing good. Maybe I'm thinking about this way too simple. I was on the impression that when we get ready to start, so to speak, and we're going the only difficult thing is going to be digging into historical numbers and coming up with a decently accurate number for production, overhead production, all of those buckets that we're talking about, here's as a percentage of manufacturer price, what we believe that finished goods, costs us materials, labor and overhead, three separate ones, that we dig into historical numbers from like, probably year to date, 21, or whatever period we want to look at, and we come up with those percentages. And then we apply that percentage to all of our manufacturer numbers. And we're done. And that's the amount of and that that percentage that we came up with based off historical numbers. Time our manufacturer number on each shed gives us our raw material finished goods, materials in the sheds, the production labor and the production overhead is the sum of all that is what we put on our balance sheet starting out by missing something

Unknown Speaker  39:18
No, I mean, I think you're it didn't follow completely, but I think it's same as what I'm I think that's pretty much the same as what I was suggesting.

Speaker 1  39:32
What's confusing to me is I don't understand why we're talking about time periods like 2018 2020. Because what's in my head, it doesn't matter which year the building was built. We're starting now. Like, would we treat a building differently if it was built in 2018 or 2019 or 2020? are in January or in September or June or July or what I'm envisioning is we wouldn't well

Speaker 2  40:21
we are currently our our value I think is less obviously on a 2018 building than it is on a 2021 building. And I I think it should be because it obviously cost us considerably a considerable amount less to lose than than it does now. And we want that to be reflected on our income statement. sell these old buildings I believe well, my suggestion is that unless you want to pursue this further Matthias is that we table this part of the conversation for now and we make a business decision are all the districts how we want to come up with those numbers and you can basically accommodate one form or another of those, like the two overrides that you've mentioned? And then then we use that for historical numbers and we are Is there is there something should we dig into this more this call? Or software?

Matthias Miller  41:43
Kind of things we need to there's two possible concerns number one, you guys already expensed out these buildings

Unknown Speaker  41:51
right? No, no. Okay cool. All right. So we're gone that

Unknown Speaker  42:03
clarify what you mean by

Matthias Miller  42:07
let me know if you guys are doing cash accounting now it means that this these buildings would already hit cogs. No, okay. Officially, we're

Speaker 1  42:21
doing your accrual accounting, we're just doing it so hunky like it's about halfway in between somewhere. But no, we have not expense these buildings. That's why we count them at the end of every year. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  42:41
Good. Good. Okay. So the next question, the other potential issue

Matthias Miller  42:55
is if

Matthias Miller  43:02
a building

Matthias Miller  43:11
as far as how a building is reflected in the Chart of Accounts, when you change the rules for that, those rules should immediately apply to any buildings in in finished goods. Well, there's this really complicated scenario, which may or may not be as complicated as I think it is, but seems complicated in my head is when you when you say I want to start tracking a new or different expense accounts, what happens to existing FGI buildings where we've allocated costs, do we need to go re allocate costs for that? Or can we just say, any we're gonna guess you don't want finished good, like, like buildings in in FTI to to use the old mapping as they get sold. And we're gonna assume you want them to switch over to the new mapping

Matthias Miller  44:32
let's say that you you, you say we stopped tracking. Let's say you say we're gonna stop tracking tools. But we have, but we have 50 buildings in finished goods that are tracking tools

Unknown Speaker  44:55
in this conversation all about finished goods.

Matthias Miller  45:01
It is about how you expense out buildings when you change the rules for how how things should be expensed out? So, yes finished goods

Matthias Miller  45:20
it could also affect your accrual accounts, I suppose, if you're tracking accrual accounts, this level of detail.

Speaker 1  45:29
So this conversation is is not necessarily about programming functionality specifically, it's about transitioning from one accounting method to another. Is that right? Even though you may be, yeah, we're having this conversation because it affects programming. But what you're wanting to learn is how are we going to transition?

Matthias Miller  46:01
Okay, hypothetical scenario. January 1, you say we're tracking these six overhead items. March 1, you change your mind, and you say, we have been tracking tools, we don't want to track tools, after all, more likely, what you're going to say is we were tracking one, one category of tools. Now we want to track two. So we want to split this into two categories.

Matthias Miller  46:46
We now have buildings. So for the sake of example, let's keep it very simple. We said that we said that you had previous engineers. First, we have tools as overhead. And March 1, you say, Oh, we don't just want to track tools. We want to track power tools and hand tools. And and so we want to split these out. Now we have all these buildings sitting in finished goods inventory, that already have costs associated with them with one single tools category. As we sell these buildings, should those continue to be expensed out on the tools expense? If the combined tools expense category that we had? Or do we need to come up with some kind of solution to switch those over to to a power tools, hand tools? Cost allocation?

Unknown Speaker  47:45
Is the power tools allocation that we had originally, are we I forget is that a damp can't change number? Because if it isn't, the easiest solution is we go into that bucket.

Speaker 1  48:08
The big bucket, which is production overhead, and we had little percentages inside the big bucket to allocate the big bucket stuff to the little bucket stuff, right? Like we have the percentage of manufacturer number for production overhead hid is I'm going to make up numbers 9.6%. But then we have little percentages to split up the 9.6 percentage and we say 14% goes for

Unknown Speaker  48:43
maintenance 43% goes for tools, etc. Would we be able to simply go in there and instead of having 43%.

Speaker 1  49:03
For tools, we just let that number half and we go 21 and a half percent for hand tools and 21 and a half percent for power tools. Going like? Well, the question then becomes, but

Speaker 2  49:29
basically what I think what you're asking is, is besides Can we do a find and replace so if we if we change, like in your example, can we go find all the buildings that have pools stamped in them and replace that with our tools and hand tools with these percentages?

Speaker 1  49:59
If you gets really complicated to do historical? I mean, could we? Could we do this at the end of a period? Like we, whatever we do to end a period reconciled during, and then we change your percentages and keep going. And up until in the first quarter, we were just tracking tools. But then we, we reconciled, and then we changed things up. And from then forward, we were tracking both hand tools and power tools. Or maybe another solution would be army.

Matthias Miller  50:42
No, go ahead. He's gonna run through some some examples, we keep going.

Speaker 1  50:47
The other thing that we could do maybe is, instead of having to reconcile in order to make that change, could we whenever we make the change, I describe going from 43 to 21 and a half to one and a half. Have that effect everything going back to the previous reconciliation period. So that we wouldn't have to reconcile, I don't know, may not be the may be easier just to reconcile before we make a change.

Matthias Miller  51:20
Yeah, the problem is that you're going to have sold buildings in that period, which have to be tied out to just the broad tools category, because because we've frozen those, we've frozen those numbers, that's where it's going to be.

Matthias Miller  51:41
So effectively, we have to okay.

Speaker 1  51:47
No, you go ahead. I think they haven't. And I still supposed to be calling the same number 7192842 A four a,

Matthias Miller  51:54
you can't or there's an alternate number that you can try to see if the delay is worse. Although I think we've historically seen worse of a delay from you than we do from Mark. I'm not sure.

Speaker 1  52:06
I try calling that number one. I couldn't get through what is it?

Matthias Miller  52:11
I'll have to look it up

Unknown Speaker  52:23
I have it here somewhere. I can probably find it well, Utah.

Speaker 2  52:35
So Matthias, what do you what you're saying is if we make any of the changes that Gabe and I were talking about? It would it with touching? already sold buildings and income statements that have already happened? Well,

Matthias Miller  52:54
I mean, we can't we can't adjust those. So. So sold buildings are how you're going to stick into this the tools category. Now. How are you going to? How are you going to allocate costs now? Because let's say that you want to take Okay, simple, the simple, easy answer is, well, these buildings are going to keep getting expensed out under the the tools category until we're the whole way through all of them. And we're, we've sold through that the inventory. And the new buildings will start being expensed out in these in these two subcategories. So that's that's the simple easy answer. The less easy answer is that we basically.

Unknown Speaker  53:58
No

Speaker 3  54:05
I would think that any change we needed to make to more or less GL accounts that are going to be in this production overhead would be today and going forward. It seems like we're like making it a bit too difficult. Trent then go back and apply that to the only two buildings that we have left though not the buildings that have already sold.

Matthias Miller  54:33
We agree that it's the easiest and simplest method to implement from a development standpoint. I think the question is, are you okay? If two years later, you sell one of those buildings built in q1. And then two years later so gets expensed out to that shared tools GL account because that's how it was allocated two years ago.

Speaker 3  55:01
They'll be the most accurate, though, because that's what we actually had them write all the expenses that came into tools, and were the actual expenses for when that building was built. So if anything, I think it would wash better. That way, instead of then somehow reengineering it to go backwards and add, or divide that expense category up when we didn't have that that actually didn't happen in that time period.

Speaker 1  55:33
I'm finally understanding. We tweaking these GL accounts could with what we're talking even though it's simple, could give us a really messy income statement.

Matthias Miller  55:51
Yeah, you're not careful, yes.

Speaker 1  55:57
That would be the biggest, the biggest advantage in allowing an allocation process of some kind is so we could have clean income statement.

Speaker 1  56:11
I mean, the worst case example would be if we build this out, showing our production overhead, all nice, neat and tidy, broken down into six subcategories. And then something happens a year down the road that I don't understand. And we say we really need to just show it as one lump sum. And then with what you're describing Matthias for the next four years, we're going to still have buildings coming through being sold, that are going to be expensing to a whole bunch of GL accounts that we really don't want to use anymore.

Speaker 1  57:03
And then the income statement is not going to make very much sense because some buildings will be will be hitting one set of GL accounts, and another set of buildings will be hitting another set. And we're going to be scratching our shaggy heads and saying as far as the management tool thing is worthless. Think

Speaker 3  57:39
I guess I wasn't seeing that side of the coin, I was going in the other direction, in that changing them was going to make more events, changing buildings that we had already built. But you're saying now changing them is going to make a mess as well.

Speaker 1  57:57
Well, we're gonna have a Matthew the way if we if we can, if we can reallocate those expenses, we're going to have clean financial but we'll have a little bit of a mess doing it and on the other hand, it will be clean as far as not having to allocate it out. But we'll have financials that are going to be a little bit of a myth how messy is it? How would we do it besides if we wanted to be able to change the teleconference fix them?

Matthias Miller  59:04
You know, here's probably what you do. There's one of two ways you would do it. One, we would write a custom process to go back through all our old buildings and or not all of our old buildings but and say go take this line item or take this FDI cost item and split it into two and use this ratio

Matthias Miller  59:47
and we would do it in such a way. So that and the way the reconciliation currently works is we would we would do it in such a way that the actual cost of the total combined cost of historical buildings would not change. And then when you reconcile the accounting system with the building records, it would it would create a Delta to fix up the income statement to split from one single line item into two line items. So that month you would see a big negative on the on the on the on the on the combined one and positives on the subs. But if you run the year to date report then everything would be shown nicely and elegantly

Matthias Miller  1:00:43
and everything would work going forward and then we'd also need a similar type of process where

Matthias Miller  1:00:54
it ends up being just a little bit like it's not quite as bad as brain surgery but there's a little bit of brain surgery surgery surgery to get this out

Unknown Speaker  1:01:11
okay

Speaker 1  1:01:14
don't know if I'm simplifying things are horribly confusing things that I'm not sure why we're even having this conversation because I thought we're, we're not going to store the breakdown on the billing records early,

Matthias Miller  1:01:37
we have to because if we if we freeze when we when we calculate actual costs, we have to allocate those actual costs across building records so we know at what price point to expense the amount that you're saying you're saying

Speaker 1  1:01:59
we were good I thought we were just going to store like the breakdown is okay, let's just take production overhead for example because that's kind of what we're talking about here. But production overhead the breakdown on production overhead like to hand tools power tools, repairs, maintenance electricity the breakdown of that is only going to be on the balance sheet in the accrued income from the balance sheet and on the building record we just have the lump sum and then when we sell the building we look at what's on the balance sheet like to break down the percentages for the breakdown to apply that to the income statement during all the breakdown all those all billing records seems like an unnecessary amount of I don't know

Matthias Miller  1:03:43
which means that you can dynamically reallocate accounts up until

Matthias Miller  1:03:57
well technically

Matthias Miller  1:04:07
if we had a way to determine

Unknown Speaker  1:04:24
okay

Matthias Miller  1:04:31
not sure if I like this, but I kind of do. So the entire process of beer building what is your what are your expenses

Matthias Miller  1:04:53
would be are completely a completely automated process. And this is getting very technical. But basically, how do you determine how this should impact the the the income statement? Well, for each line item well, for each of the current cost breakdowns that we have defined for this period, whatever the arbitrary period might be, go go through each of them and calculate what is the estimated value. And what is the actual value those are very easy to calculate estimated is just percentage times percentage times manufacturer price. And the actual value is, is just the go find the actual cost for this. The reason we have to store it gave is because you wanted the ability to distribute cross it costs across multiple periods.

Matthias Miller  1:06:08
So we need to know at a minimum, okay, what's the period start and end date. For this, this building record is calculated off of or you guys just enter those, if you want to expense something out across multiple periods, then you just have to either manually adjust the cost per period or put it in as one big fat long period or something else.

Speaker 1  1:06:53
Well, my double minded my slow thinking head can't still can't quite understand why we need to okay, we had three buckets, finished goods, we had three buckets, right, we have production overhead, production, labor, and raw raw materials, finished goods, materials, three buckets, right?

Speaker 1  1:07:28
Hey, we have a percentage associated with each of the three buckets.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:37
And every time we build a building, we allocate finished goods, materials, labor, and overhead to the building record. So we have on the building record, we have three buckets with a number in each one.

Speaker 1  1:08:02
Let's just pretend for a minute. That right now here and now it here and on here. Now. We've said let's forget about breaking down finished goods any further than three buckets, we're gonna make life easy.

Speaker 1  1:08:22
And then we build a building. And then when we build the building, we take that percentage. And we take that percentage each of the three percentages to have manufacturer number pop three numbers on the building record, keep moving. If we sell a building

Unknown Speaker  1:08:42
we use those numbers. When we get to the end of a period we take a look at actual I'm losing myself here. Well, I don't have to get into those details. What hinders us from making breaking down our production overhead number from one bucket into six buckets from always doing that point of sale.

Speaker 1  1:09:35
Based upon the percentage of total overhead on the balance sheet is in each of the smaller buckets on the balance sheet.

Speaker 3  1:09:49
Yeah, that's thinking. I think I don't know if we can. If Matthias will say that works or not. But then we wouldn't have to have 10 different men buckets of production overhead on each building, right, we would just have the one overhead bucket.

Matthias Miller  1:10:05
So, so here's the assumption we have to break, I was operating under this assumption that actual cost periods would be subsequent period periods. And you're breaking that assumption, because now when we have a $16,000 expense, it shows up in March, it needs to be allocated from March January 1 to march 30, then we need to have that we need to have a way to separately allocate that as an expense for that period, for it to get allocated properly. As long as we break that assumption that actual cost periods can be, do not have to be sequential, and that you can have multiple actual costs allocated to a specific period, then I think what you're proposing actually works, and actually may end up being simpler now. The reckons the nightly reconciliation process may end up being you know, more a more intensive process, because effectively now what we're doing is every time we're reconciling, we're looking at the building, what's the current breakdown? What are the current accounts that were applied? What's the delta? And, you know, we're not, we're recalculating that every every time every night instead of doing that, instead of doing that once, but

Matthias Miller  1:11:34
think that becomes doable.

Speaker 3  1:11:44
I didn't quite get the whole timeframe, assumption, and how we can apply them here.

Matthias Miller  1:11:53
My assumption was that when you run payroll, whatever period you use to get payroll is a simple example. When you allocate actual costs, you would have, you know, for for October to well, it's it's October three to October 9, Monday to Sunday, we have this much Payroll Expense, and then the 10th to the 16th, we have this much Payroll Expense, and then the 17 to 23rd, we have this much Payroll Expense, and then the 24th, through the 30th, we said, hey, guys, y'all ain't doing nothing, you're gonna redo the whole shop. And then we're like, oh, but that Payroll Expense should be applied over three months, not just over one month. So what we're going to let you do then was recalculate building prices, based on multiple periods. But what I'm saying instead should happen is instead of entering this expense, for the period from the seventh, the 24th, to the 30th, you would say this expense actually covers all buildings built from July 1 Through October 23. And by virtue of doing that, it would then get applied to all of those as an actual cost to all of those billing records.

Matthias Miller  1:13:19
Even getting too deep in the weeds, but

Speaker 1  1:13:26
we could only do that, historically, like you couldn't allocate that out three months, right? We'd only go back.

Matthias Miller  1:13:34
Well, if you if you entered in, I'm sure you could, you can enter it forward, you could say so let's say that and you can even split it out. It just means some accounting attention to detail. Let's say that you paid 15,000 in payroll, and 2000 should be allocated to buildings built that week. And you say, oh, there's $2,000 for the period of 24th to the 30th. And there's $8,000 to the period of July 1 through December 31, for the sake of example, and that would be allocated proportionately throughout through, you know, out through their

Speaker 1  1:14:13
eyes still don't understand why we couldn't allocate costs to specific periods. If we're limiting ourselves to the big buckets. I still don't understand. Why do we have to go granular level in order to allocate costs, like using your production labor examples that we get? We're going to shut the shop down for three weeks and we're going to redo everything and we're going to have to, and then we're going to say oh, we need to allocate that over the course of three months. Why can't we allocate the production labor out over three weeks? On, but just use the big bucket. And then when we go to get the point of sale that we're going to sell that shed. And then we run to the balance sheet to figure out how we're going to split it up into small buckets. You clearly allow us to

Matthias Miller  1:15:31
and this is probably

Speaker 1  1:15:32
good about that. Good. Oh, I don't know what all would be bad about that. But what would be good about it is it would eliminate the the nightmare of tweaking GL accounts, we could just go to the balance sheet, put them up. And then as the buildings get sold, we run to the balance sheet breakdown, which is a source of truth, or the little buckets and say, Okay, it looks like we need to put 3.6% toward maintenance for 41.6% to handtools 21.6% to power tools.

Matthias Miller  1:16:36
So

Matthias Miller  1:16:53
all right. So then we can do that.

Speaker 1  1:17:02
I mean, if you tell me during all the breakdowns on all the billing records, I mean, I don't understand assists in you do. So. I guess my only concern is, I don't want the system to be such that if we tweak our GL accounts, we're going to have messy financials, because what we're going to end up doing is leaving all the GL accounts like they are and financials that can't be adjusted to fit the current situation become very, very unhandy. clunky. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:17:54
So fear understood it, I think the let me let me see if I can work through this just a little bit more than now, when you're reworking, you're not expecting to fix up historical transactions are you? Buildings already sold. Now, and so on the day that you know, sorry, Mark dropped off. Okay, so let's say March versus partials example. You say we're changing, how would you power tools? Well, items in inventory are fine, because we haven't sold them yet. But anything that we already have is going to show up on the on the GL as as that under that account. And

Matthias Miller  1:19:02
effectively, we've got two options. One we could create a debit credit to, we could do a debit credit to move all of those expenses into two categories using custom rules that we write for how to go how to deal with this historically. Or we could say the past is the past. And now going forward, any buildings sold on or after March 1 is going to be broken out into these two categories. And, oh, by the way, on March 1, or whenever we make this change be effective. We're going to have a debit credit on our FDI accrual accounts to split this out into to split this apart based on our new calculations.

Speaker 1  1:19:55
Is that something different from what we would recognize now as just a joke? journal entry. Like if we wanted to any BMS, right now do exactly what we're talking about. Kristen, how would you do that create new GL accounts and then figure out how much goes where do journal entry right?

Speaker 3  1:20:16
Yeah, probably just to get the new account up and running. But I think I'm just still a tiny bit lost on how we're going to get that to then flow over to the buildings because that I don't have to do but here I can just rename a GL Account renumber it or create new GL Account and then just do a journal entry Correct?

Matthias Miller  1:20:40
Yeah, I mean, they could happen either automatically or manually either way, we can either go back and modify the rule that says back work I think ideally that would happen happen manually. So we make the change and Kristen goes in to make sending we will return shortly mark here and sorry to say no let me know don't remember the

Matthias Miller  1:21:39
Sir Give me one second.

Matthias Miller  1:21:52
Controls

Matthias Miller  1:22:06
Okay, so mark them sitting in email, if you're still listening and not on hold, you can press star six to unmute yourself whenever you get off hold. And I completely lost my train of thought. Yeah, I think the ideal thing is for Kristen to do that journal entry manually. And we keep the rules for you know, January and February the same just like they always were. And then starting March 1, we create new rules exclude us out into separate accounts. It happens based on point of sale and then we effectively get whatever it is that we need from there

Speaker 1  1:22:55
so just to make sure you understand, we things change, we had to tweak our GL account, we had to split up tools. So we would create another accrual account on the balance sheet breaking down our finished goods and then we would manually move however much of the original account that we think should be in the new tool account we would move move it manually on a balance sheet from one accrual account to the other

Speaker 1  1:23:42
extra we might just do that by changing the percentage the percentages that breaks the big bucket into the little buckets

Speaker 1  1:23:51
and then going forward we're going to be applying the new percentages every time we make a sale and then if we want to fix our financials on the income statement going back to the beginning of the period, which would probably be January 1 would be a manual journal entry is that right? On the on the income statement yeah what's the what's the hole in this?

Matthias Miller  1:24:44
I'm not sure there is one.

Speaker 1  1:24:49
The about 50 minutes ago. I thought we were worried about with this that we're no longer going to be able to To assign costs to periods is there a problem with that? Assigning costs to periods but only big bucket?

Matthias Miller  1:25:15
You assign costs no you have to send cost to small buckets let's see only way costs can get assigned currently. And I don't think you need I don't think you want to change that but you can assign costs for arbitrary periods so you could say need to think the street just touch make sure I don't make this ridiculously complicated

Speaker 1  1:25:57
I'm not up to this not put small bucket numbers on the building record. This this is not like a pit philosophy of mine. You say, man, we really want to have them all on there. That's great. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:26:19
I mean, I think generally, I think it's generally actually well I think it's fine not to I think

Matthias Miller  1:26:44
so when we go to ALEC to calculate the estimated costs no, the actual costs were a period we would have to look at how many actual cost entries that we've got because we might have actual costs that that span multiple costs allocated to the same date or overlapping dates for each of those will have to allocate the partial cost appropriately. So really, what would end up making the most sense is

Matthias Miller  1:27:50
if we're going to win

Speaker 1  1:27:58
I think I may finally understand here what I'm suggesting I think we could still allocate actual costs to different time periods. But only the big bucket only we can only allocate total production overhead for a period and what you're suggesting we could actually do each individual little bucket allocate across different periods is that right? Correct. Don't think we need that do we?

Matthias Miller  1:28:52
So you're Are you saying we only track make sure you understand you? We only track actual cost and a big bucket standpoint.

Speaker 1  1:29:07
Okay, I'm going to try to explain my train of thought and I am not the expert at explaining things. Okay. We only look at let me think I think it's worth thinking, thinking for 30 seconds before putting myself into gear here.

Speaker 1  1:29:38
When we produce a building we have a percentage that we use. Let's just talk about production overhead. The others all follow the same philosophy. When we produce a building, we have a number I'm going to use 9.6% and that we believe represents our production overhead, big bucket only 9.6%. That we take, when we produce the building 9.6% times manufacturing costs equals our projected production overhead number stays on there. And if we sell the building before we reconcile actual costs, we take that number, which is 9.6% of manufacturing costs, I'm going to say it's $127. We take $127 out of production overhead on the balance sheet, and we move it over into production overhead on the income statement. But at that point, we don't just move $127 over, we know that we need to take $127 out of the of production overhead. But on the balance sheet, we have that 127 broken down. Nowhere on the balance sheet is $127. Show but we have we know that in our accrued account on the balance sheet, we have $397,000 of production overhead. And that consists of six little buckets. And we know the percentage that each little bucket is at the big bucket. So using those percentages, we take $127 out of each little bucket on the balance sheet and move it over into the little buckets on the income statement.

Speaker 1  1:32:01
Does that make sense? So when we when we pay our production overhead things? Yeah, absolutely. At that point, we break it down into little buckets if we pay production overhead, and it is for power tools, we're going to put it into our power tools have cruel account on the balance sheet. And then the next day we pay. And that's going to increase the big bucket. And then the next day we pay handtools we're going to put that on the handtools accrual account on the balance sheet. And then the next day we pay maintenance, we're going to put that on the maintenance on the balance sheet, all of these little bucket increases is going to also increase the big bucket. And then when we allocate out expenses, we're only going to be looking at the big bucket. And we're going to be saying okay, in the first quarter, here's all the buildings that were not sold during the first quarter. And it looks like we have $3,000 on the balance sheet in our accrued accounts that needs to be allocated out so we allocate the appropriate amount out to the building records but only the big buckets and the buildings that were sold during that period we immediately expense on the income statement I think that's what we were going to do right

Matthias Miller  1:33:48
so Mark Are you comfortable only tracking actual costs at a big bucket level and relying on percentages to expense out the sub items

Speaker 2  1:34:02
I apologize for being in and out on this call a little bit with other calls but so I'm not I didn't completely follow what I was thinking is gaping you can you put that together and like is break it out into some actual examples of numbers I confess I did not follow completely

Unknown Speaker  1:34:36
Christian Did you follow the train of thought mostly Christian Yeah, I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:34:45
here sorry. I was muted.

Speaker 1  1:34:50
I was gonna say if you fully understand you might have better success putting that on a spreadsheet and I will Yeah.

Speaker 3  1:34:59
Yeah, no Well, I have a call with you next anyway, so we can flush it out quick. I'm sure. I'm like 90%. All right. All right.

Matthias Miller  1:35:14
We're gonna think. Okay, so let's let's broad brushstrokes generalize? I think generally, we're going in a good direction. I think I think we can make this work. I think I can make some adjustments on my end and clarify some of these things of how I think it should work on mine. I think. I think putting into spreadsheets that Mark is on board, making sure that Mark is on board with how these percentages work. You know, I think that's important, we could, you know, one of the advantages of this is that we could, then we can, we can always adjust

Matthias Miller  1:35:51
when we look at allocating these costs

Matthias Miller  1:36:03
when you adjust actual costs for a period

Matthias Miller  1:36:12
here's the thing I'm not sure about

Matthias Miller  1:36:20
when you say big bucket actual costs. And that means that production labor will normally track costs on a weekly basis, but may occasionally have a cost entered, that is attributed to, to say, arbitrarily six months of buildings. But it's all happening at the big bucket level, it's not happening, those costs do not get allocated on a small bucket level. And it's only at the time of sale, that we break this down into expense sub accounts. And you guys want to keep enabling those numbers, then you can keep finagling them as much as you want. And it'll automatically adjust the variance on sold buildings based on sold buildings, and adjust your accrual and expense accounts based where well, not your, your your accrual accounts. Are and FTI accounts for for buildings currently in inventory and your expense accounts for buildings not yet sold, to be sold.

Matthias Miller  1:37:32
So, I think so I think an appropriate next step is for you to put together that spreadsheet and make sure work with David mark, make sure that they're on board with that. And I can make adjustments on my own, continue taking a look at it to make sure I'm on board.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:49
That makes sense.

Speaker 1  1:37:51
Okay, now, this is the example you just you just gave us. This, I'm going to call it the simplified method would not allow us that that one expense item, you mentioned that we were doing labor on a weekly basis. And then all of a sudden, we have a labor expense that should be spread out over over six months. This simplified method would not allow us to do that. Why not? Well, we could do it on the big bucket level. But we couldn't have like, one of the little buckets may might be subcontract labor. Then we couldn't do it on the subcontract label labor level, we could only do it on the production labor level, which would include everything underneath it.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:00
Well, you can manually say

Matthias Miller  1:39:01
that, that there's 3000 of some arbitrary amount that you're going to that you're going to allocate across an extended period. And as long as as the expenses that you allocate at the end of whatever date range matches what's in your accounting system, it doesn't matter how you slice and dice that it's that's an accounting process, and as long as you guys can keep your head straight over, it doesn't really matter as far as software is concerned. Sorry, I lost you.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:05
Oh, sorry, I was muted.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:08
I wouldn't say he's really thinking.

Speaker 1  1:40:12
Yeah, it may may have actually been a good thing. I was muted. I think, Okay, what you're what I think what you just said that that was, we actually can do what you just described, if we're doing production labor on a weekly basis, at the end of every Monday morning, we have a process where we allocate actual costs that other for the previous week, maybe we were doing a bi weekly, that works, too. And then, an hour later, after we've done all that, we think we're good for another two weeks. But then an hour later, we get a huge subcontract labor bill in and we say, that really should have been spread out over three months. We can do that 30 minutes later, if we want to. Even though we're going to be allocating out the whole big bucket, is there probably the only thing that's going to be in that big bucket?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:24
Yeah. It's a trade off from a programming standpoint, if we're fairly sure that we want to be able to tweak our GL account, as needed. Is this better than the other method of stamping every single little bucket?

Matthias Miller  1:42:03
Yeah, I mean, I think it's probably a, you know, from the standpoint of Jr. GL GL accounts. You're right. We don't want to we don't want to stamp these values under the billing record before sale. I think the only question is, I do think it'd be nice to know for sure whether you want to use the whether you want to use the big bucket categories, or the little little bucket categories to track actual costs are something that can be kind of nice not to have to revisit, but even that I don't see that as a I don't know, maybe it's a it is it is probably a development certification to I don't know how I even think it matters from a development standpoint, how you allocate costs, whether it's on a little bucket or big bucket. Does it matter?

Matthias Miller  1:42:59
I don't think it does. Maybe a little bit. I don't think there's a lot.

Speaker 1  1:43:14
When you say allocate costs, you're allocating costs, like allocating actual cost to projected or are you talking about creating the projected amount?

Matthias Miller  1:43:27
No, it means when I say that we actually spent this much money in production overhead. I don't think it matters to us, whether we go down the road of saying Oh, it's just production overhead, or whether we go down to say we spent this much money on tools in this period whether it's big bucket or little bucket on what could we actually spend.

Speaker 1  1:44:09
Okay, and the reason we're doing that is to figure out where to apply it to right. Here's what we actually were ended period. Here's what we actually spent. And then the next thing you're going to do is either you're going to apply to the building records the amounts that should be applied to the building records and the ones that were already sold. We're going to put onto the income statement and expenses

Matthias Miller  1:44:44
Yeah, for was it already sold. We'll apply a variance to it to fix it up. I if you want if you're breaking your accrual accounts if your accrual accounts are broken down into small buckets, Then you're going to have to do your actual costing on small buckets for them for these accounts to. I think I'm right on this. Yeah, otherwise, we don't know. Otherwise, we can't we have to deal with variance at whatever level that we can have one big variance account to handle that. But but if you want your accrual accounts, to be broken up down into subcategories, we're going to have to track actual costs on subcategories as well on the small buckets.

Speaker 1  1:45:35
Right. But I don't think we had to put put that on the on billing records.

Matthias Miller  1:45:47
No, not until, well, not until we do it point of sale.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:01
Understand?

Matthias Miller  1:46:04
Yes, you're right.

Matthias Miller  1:46:14
So I think the only change now, hand wavy, big summary, the only change we said was we're not stopping any any values on the building record and to the point of sale. And that lets us make whatever changes we wanted to GL accounts.

Matthias Miller  1:46:34
And any further changes that you make that would have affected pricing for a soul building, now automatically would get applied for that building would automatically get applied to variance.

Speaker 1  1:46:48
I don't know if I'm supposed to ask questions here or not, I think we're going over time. Can we keep going a few minutes here, or just someone needs to drop off?

Matthias Miller  1:47:04
I'm okay for a few minutes here.

Speaker 1  1:47:08
Good hear? Okay, I'm a little bit confused with what you just said. Matthias, you said, we're not going to stop any values on the billing records until the building is sold. I thought we were going to have a percentage. And whenever the building gets produced, we have that percentage 9.6%. Probably for production overhead. And when the building gets produced, we're going to take 9.6% times manufacturing number and that will be our production overhead projected production overhead for that building. Until we have actual numbers, and if it gets sold, we're going to use that.

Matthias Miller  1:48:11
Okay, fair, big buckets we get stored at point in production. line items would get frozen at point of sale. differences would be accounted for as future differences would be accounted for as variances. No. Does anything even actually have to happen after that future point? Yeah, it does. As you change actual costs, differences would be kind of quarters variances.

Speaker 1  1:48:56
When you see a variance is the variance you're talking about is simply we're reconciling and we realized that there's $3,327 of production overhead that needs to be applied to buildings that have already been sold. So instead of adjusting the building record, we adjust the income statement. On the little bucket level.

Matthias Miller  1:49:30
Still not sure I've got this right.

Speaker 1  1:49:39
I understood and agreed with everything you said a minute ago other than when you said the variance I don't understand the term variance but to the variance due to the financial statements.

Matthias Miller  1:49:55
When you sell a building, you're selling it based off of Best guess Okay, but your actual costs might be different. You might keep putting us in and all of a sudden your actual cost is $147 more than what you expense, expense it out us. So in order to keep your income statement correct, you need to add a $147. You need to effectively transfer out of like credit, the credit the accrual account and debit the debit the variance expense account for all of those differences.

Speaker 1  1:50:51
Right. I'm imagining we would not have a separate set of expense accounts, we would just are you imagining

Matthias Miller  1:51:16
no expense account, but we would need to take it out of multiple accrual accounts. And we need to know if you're breaking the the if your production if you're breaking production overhead into multiple accrual accounts, then we need to know how much how much to credit each of those accrual accounts.

Speaker 1  1:51:41
Right, and we would we would, we would credit all of the sub accrual accounts on the balance sheet with our production overhead and debit all of our production overhead account on the income statement on expenses in the same percentage, like because there are going to be matching accounts. We got it. But that took a long time. I think way back You said something about the very short. What was it the very short? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:52:32
I need to take that out of my vocabulary.

Matthias Miller  1:52:42
Good. All right. Well, I'm gonna I'm gonna see if I can put my stuff together on my end. And let you guys get to your stuff on your end. And we'll circle up Wednesday. And hopefully we can exchange an email or two before then. So we can hit the ground running on Wednesday.

Unknown Speaker  1:53:07
Good. Good. Anything else? Good here.

Matthias Miller  1:53:22
Mark and Kristen.

Speaker 2  1:53:25
So I assume you covered I mean, your discussion with with Josh, was there anything else that came up that? On that, that we should address? Thinking about Wednesday? That's the fourth time ago. Sorry, we kind of derailed

Matthias Miller  1:53:50
FGI number two, I talked about the FBI numbers, the dashboard. dashboard report, I think the FTA numbers on the dashboard report will also be including overhead know that right?

Speaker 2  1:54:10
I'd have to look for sure. I think we're tracking both FTI numbers on the dashboard. So whatever we update these two, they we want the dashboard to reflect the same.

Matthias Miller  1:54:21
Okay. Make sense?

Speaker 2  1:54:24
I guess the other question, where are you as far as I know was it last week you were hoping to know off on this and it was Josh and Alison and moving ahead with this where are we with? I mean, where are you just from an overall

Unknown Speaker  1:54:49
world we

Unknown Speaker  1:54:51
at on this project? development standpoint timeline

Matthias Miller  1:54:59
um Well, they're, I think, starting or getting ready to start on some of these other things that we got sign off on. I need to get sign off from Ellis for sure on the final design on what we're putting together here to get this started. And this point, I'm not even sure who's going to be I need to talk with Ellis and just ask us where we're at on development timeline on on this piece and the vendor invoice piece. And make sure we're actually yeah, make sure we're good.

Speaker 2  1:55:44
You said sign off on the first part that was that the ability to do classes and multiple companies, like split apart? Those basic that first round, right. Okay, and then this, are you just for clarity? Are you still needing sign off from us on this proposal that we're looking at today? Or are you saying you have that you just need to basically get sign off from Alice on it?

Matthias Miller  1:56:22
I do need sign off from you guys. And I think that should wait until Kristin and Gabe put together their final proposal I make these last revisions. And I also need sign off from Alice to make sure there's no no gaps in the process. So are nothing I'm missing here. But I propose that that hopefully, you know, proposed I see if I can get connect with Alice before Wednesday, and go over this and then be able to hopefully at that point, based on what you guys put together and what I've put together that will we'll be able to to get sign off at that point.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:06
That makes sense. Good.

Unknown Speaker  1:57:08
Good. Good hearing.

Matthias Miller  1:57:13
Okay. Awesome. Thanks. You bet. Thanks, guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai