Speaker 1  00:00
If I could talk you through some of the conversations that I had with these decision makers, and also talk to you through their language, right, how they would say things, because that's really what's going to make that will help to connect with them if you say it the way that they would say it. Alright? So let's kind of start from the beginning we have. And just so you know, I picked out the focus was on the top five when we think about coaching, consulting, subject matter experts, speakers, I these were the spaces I was thinking about when we picked out this list. So first thing really popular on the list, and it's consistently ongoing. And people can work three months, they could do a workshop. They can work three months, six months a year, executive coaching for high performance, leadership. That's really prevalent when you think about larger consultant firms, and this, this means you going into their company and law firms, very big with law firms, I have a lot of clients who will go into law firms with this type of offer. So let's talk about what that actually means. So it's really providing one on one or group coaching. So I always suggest you do a workshop first, and then the company will pick which leaders they actually want to work with you. And it can typically be something like a once a month, call check in, and some people don't even like one on one anymore. So you get to decide how you want to set this up, but one on one on group coaching, and it's developing their high performer or their high performing executives and those people's teams. So let's talk about how we can pull our offers into work based on what you do. So for coaches, this is your traditional coaching package, right? You can offer personalized coaching programs for C suites. Executives, obviously, you would customize this based on the conversation that you've had with the decision maker. If you're a consultant, you can provide organizational structure recommendations to support high performance leadership. This is something you typically do when there's has been there has been a shift in leadership. Maybe an executive VP or VP has left, moved on, been fired. It's going to be important to restructure the organization so we can understand kind of like, Who is in charge, and how things typically work, like that. And then we have workshop facilitators, what I would do. And this is always great, and this is going to be something I would suggest for all the different type of spaces you're in, create these type of workshops where they're going through particular scenarios that are part of their day to day. You're going to see me mention this somewhere else, but so when you do a workshop, I mean, this is something people will go crazy over. I would even say, if you're not a coach, but you just you focus on workshops. I would partner with a coach, so afterwards, the coach can now come in and do specialized coaching. You guys can split that. Think about it however you would want to. So that's executive coaching big pot field. Next one, leadership development and training for remote teams. So as we start to think about we're still a lot of companies are still experiencing the effect of the pandemic, right? There's a lot more companies now, quote, unquote, forcing their employees, their teams, to come back into the office. For a lot of these companies, like the executives, were working from the office, most, more often than not. When I think about of a friend of mine, she does three days inside of the office on Fridays, when it's the slowest. It's an international corporation. She works from home, so but now they're they want everyone to come back into the office, not all organizations. So this is going to work for a lot of the organizations that still work with remote teams. And when we think about companies that have international influence, there's always going to be a remote team. So when we think about a leadership coach, it's about guiding the leaders in effective virtual communication and emotional intelligence. This is going to be super important, because we're still trying to figure out. And then this, this is great, too, when you think about remote teams, but then different generations within the teams, if you have that skill set where you work with different generations of teams, highly valuable. Let's think about technology, a technology consultant, when you kind of focus on the intersect of leadership and then remote based tools that will help them to do their job better, if you're if you have a background in psychology, or your organizational psychologist, and I pick certain subject matters based on, you know, the work, then. We're going to start to think about, and this is what people are experiencing. They started experiencing from the pandemic, but things are starting to really come to the surface right now with behavior. So it's just trying to address and think about the psychological aspects of leading in a remote environment. This is also going to be great for people who, like I mentioned, and I say, quote, unquote, force, because you can't force adults, right? You can't force you shouldn't force anyone. But this is also going to be great for people who are now required to come back into the office. How are they going to make that transition? Then we have our workshop facilitators, same type of immersion, the immersive learning experience for developing remote leadership skills. What I would even suggest, when we think about the workshop style, maybe a retreat. I remember doing a workshop for it was an organization overseas, but this was a it's there once a year where they bring the leaders and the executives from all the different facilities. So that's going to be an idea, too. When we think about remote leadership skills, that's leadership development and training for remote teams. Then we think about your employee, employee wellness solutions. Really, really big right now, just because and think about same thing we discussed before, people having to now transition and uproot their life and come back into the office, right? But also a lot of companies are laying off, so now we have the stress and the extra work that employees who are still there have to take on. And not only that, now they're going through it because they don't know if they're next. So when we think about, based on your expertise, things that you can introduce into the organization, and I, when I talk about how you introduce these, these are going to be things you talk about on your discovery call. Because the job of the discovery call is, when you think about going to a doctor, is to find out what the symptoms are to the problem, and then you can sell your solution. So it's not even about talking about your amazing solution, it's about understanding how your solution can help them, but you understand that now you come back and share that with them. So when you think about a wellness coach or consultant, a wellness buddy system, where there's a lot of loneliness going on in the workplace outside the workplace, but this is a great way for employees to pair up. Could be in twos or threes. You get to decide and then support each other's health goals, like they have running clubs and they have walking clubs. So it'd be great to kind of integrate that into an organization that doesn't already have it. Then when we think about the technology consultant, it's now implementing and optimizing anything they may already have that exist. Because a lot of companies, and, you know, people are always surprised when I share this, but we know a lot more than they actually know inside of the organization. We're looking at these tools, not necessarily wellness tools, but if you're in wellness and you're a technology consultant, yes, you are, these are things we're looking at every single day. So for organizational psychologists, now we're talking about developing strategies to address the mental health challenges that they're having, right? So those are the things that we really want to focus on now for the workshop facilitator, same type of simulated situational exercises. And I think it would be really cool if you did and some someone made mention of this, but a lot of people don't have time, right? And even when we think about wellness, they really just don't have time. They're stressed out. There's a lot going on. So what many five minute activities can you have them do that they can integrate into meetings or during the work day? And of course, this is something that would be accessible for all employees. So one of my favorites that I got from the call, Alright, the next one, emotional intelligence, EI and soft skills development. So this is about enhancing the interpersonal and communication skills of employees. This could be all levels, but I know a lot of people, it's from leadership. It's always about leadership going down, right? So let's first work on executives and leaders, and then we can introduce it to employees, but really just to improve how they collaborate and they work together. So if you're a coach, you could offer emotional intelligence coaching for executives. Definitely focused on that self awareness and the empathetic leadership for consultants. And I would say, if you're when I think about who could come in as a consultant, even a coach, you have a background, you're in therapy, social work,

Speaker 1  09:56
psychology, any of those spaces and. And so you're coming in, and you're developing a company wide emotional intelligence framework for them. And then, of course, you can help them to also to start to implement, think about it. This is these are things that you framework. You develop these for clients and patients and people all the time. It's just a customized framework that you're developing for the organization and then for workshop facilitators. Now this is going to be so I always think about it as an innovative way to really get people involved, especially people who are not it wasn't their option to attend the workshops, right? So really conduct these like role play in workshops that simulate real world scenarios. If you are in this space, I can imagine you've you've done this before. The thing that a lot of organizations ask for when we do things like this is what's different than what others are doing. So when you are on that discovery call or the sales call, be prepared to articulate what's different about what you offer that other people don't. And then finally, we have sustainable business transformation, and that's really helping organizations to integrate their sustainability information their initiatives into their core business strategy and operations. A lot of people are talking about this, but not a lot of people know how to integrate it into the organization. So if you can do it, I highly suggest that you make sure that this is your focus area when you position yourself, position yourself around sustainability, because they pay a lot. So when you think about it from a consultant standpoint, it's offering the different strategies and implementation plans that they can do. When you come to the table to talk about or to pitch your offer, I want you to start to think about what other organizations have has implemented this in a in a effective way, and that's part of what you're offering them. Then when you think from a business strategy standpoint, you want to focus on aligning sustainability with business growth and objectives. And then when you think about your supply chain experts, those are key experts in this space. How can we create these sustainable and ethical supply chains, and then workshop facilitators, once again, challenges, simulations, different things like that we have. Let's think about a lead Green Team Challenge right where we have interaction, interactive workshops, where employees brainstorm ideas. When I was in corporate, I was part of an HR initiative, and so they took leaders from each area of the company, and we met at lunchtime on Tuesdays. I don't even know if it was Tuesdays. I know it was lunchtime because they gave us lunch. Always get lunch, and then we just brainstormed ideas. So put it together as a workshop facilitator, you could either put together a workshop where you're doing this once a month, or you can offer the idea and offer to build it out for them what I want to do. And I'm going to go back just a little bit. I want to give you some ideas when we kind of like pitch what are some ideas? Once we talk through the discovery period, we understand what they need. Here are some ways you can pitch it right. Always think about methodology, framework when we pitch these, because it's all about the solution, not really an offer. So an executive coach, our high performance methodology has helped executive leader teams increase their productivity by 40% you'll have to, I want you to make sure you're doing your data and you have your numbers and improve employee retention rates. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? We'll work with your executives to develop their unique and you have the conversation based on that when we think about leadership development and training for remote teams, and we're always going to put numbers in these, our remote Leadership Development Program has helped tech startups to improve team productivity by 30% in a virtual setting, I would even think if we talk about because this is about having a nice teams working together. So I would even say, if we're talking about tech startups, and we're thinking about productivity, thinking about those product based startups that have teams that would need to work together in order to build things or get things out. So that's going to be a great pitch. Of course, we're going to go more into the numbers. We've helped global corporations reduce turnover in remote teens by 25% etc, etc. Now from the employee wellness solutions and we have and think about when I think about who I'm pitching this to. I'm thinking about. About the industries that most likely have the highest level of stress, healthcare, tech, different companies like that. So let's think, let's do a tech company. Our employee wellness solutions have helped tech companies reduce stress related absenteeism by 40% and increase employee engagement scores by 30% right? Very, very specific with that. Alright, let's go into emotional intelligence and the soft skill development. This is another one that is super important to companies as they grow and they start to attract different generations. So our emotional intelligence workshops has helped sales teams in the financial sector, very, very specific, increase their close rates by 25% through improved client communication. This is always going to be and I know your expertise is emotional intelligence, but what is the real outcome that they want? They want to increase sales. They want to improve client communication, they want to reduce people leaving. They want to increase retention of customers. So think about that as you put together your pitch. And then finally, when we think about from the sustainability standpoint, frameworks, right? Our sustainability business framework, help to a retail so we're giving an example of an organization help to retail giant reduce its carbon footprint by 30% while increasing their market share. Remember what they still really want. So those are some pitches that you can do along with these, enjoy, take action and most of all, continue the conversations you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai