Matthias Miller  00:30
Yes, sir, sir, all right. How are you guys doing this? Monday?

Unknown Speaker  00:39
Pretty good.

Matthias Miller  00:41
Cool. I pretty good, yep, yep. All right, so I'm going to jump in and just walk you through this ask a few more questions. All right, so rearrange the menu a little bit and have a new orders page, which is where things will come in from Sage. And so the new process now, I can change this to peach, but it's orange right now, highlighting the ones that are either missing or don't have any lumber or fasteners. And so, and I don't, I don't know the best process that you for you, George, do you want to? We have a new Order button here. If you want to just use that or a new item item button, we can,

Speaker 1  01:44
we can give you. So the new item is when I put something new in that's not in sage or not in the material list. Yeah, let me have some questions here. I'm trying to write stuff down up and then cut less if something's not in the items list. So you're saying that New Item button tab,

Matthias Miller  02:10
yeah, we can also put it on the we can also put that on the menu too, for you make it easy to find.

Matthias Miller  02:26
It might actually be helpful, because some of these might actually exist to add a link to either view the item or add the item. I

Speaker 1  02:46
now when I put it in the new items tab, now, once I put everything in there, what does it do when you hit the new items tab?

Matthias Miller  02:56
So here, when you hit that so currently it doesn't Fill it. Fill anything in. But my proposal is, I'll put you, put a put a link. Let me just, let me just show you what it would look like before it even works. I

Matthias Miller  03:31
and look at how this is set up.

Matthias Miller  03:38
All right, I'm

Matthias Miller  04:19
Oh, come on. So it won't be able to do that, but it could do

Matthias Miller  04:27
well. We could do that. Do it like this. I'm

Matthias Miller  04:43
well, let's just do it like hang on.

Matthias Miller  04:53
Oops, I.

Unknown Speaker  05:09
It's gonna be, oh, this

Matthias Miller  05:10
is actually how it would be

Unknown Speaker  05:12
gonna be a plus if you can make it rougher

Speaker 2  05:20
training. Gave the phone to the lady spoke great English. We said, well, him and his wife and their children, their their kid, live together with us. They have one card. They're the Bridgeport. She said, I'll be bringing to the interview. Do you need interpreters?

Matthias Miller  05:43
Alright? So I'm proposing something like, something like this, where all of these, where you would just hit new item, it give you a link to start setting up the new item. And if the item already exists but isn't filled out, this would show edit item, and it would pull that, pull up the item that you the existing item, like, let's say it's an it's an item that's set up and it doesn't have any any lumber or fasteners, yeah.

Speaker 1  06:17
So then it would come up. Is that it was what you're saying. That's right. All right, yeah, that's perfect,

Unknown Speaker  06:25
right there. Now,

Speaker 1  06:27
once I hit, once I do new item and all that, then the orange will disappear, correct?

Matthias Miller  06:31
All right.

Speaker 1  06:36
And that's once you save it in new items or whatever. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  06:40
once you save it new items which that link isn't, I mean, this guy, so let's just, I mean, we can just, should be able to, I just stick this in there. So if I now go back and refresh. Now it's still, it's not set up at all, so it's still playing, but if I go back, oops, come on, sorry, guys,

Unknown Speaker  07:12
yeah, my fingers are

Matthias Miller  07:16
get a word for it. It's called fat fingering. I

Unknown Speaker  07:23
mine aren't that, but they're not always work, right, either,

Matthias Miller  07:30
all right, so gonna go back into put them under here. So if we, if we go, I so now, if we go back in here and refresh, the orange goes away, all right. And then, so then the next step of the process you would, okay, sorry, there's one other question. Do you want these grouped by due date at all, or not necessarily just sorted by due date? Or how do you want them sorted?

Speaker 1  08:17
Probably by due date. But what's happening now, if it's all seven six, it groups all a 716, together.

Matthias Miller  08:30
So would you want the by due date and then by

Unknown Speaker  08:35
by thickness?

Matthias Miller  08:37
See? Now, we got to pull it off the item. I

Speaker 2  08:47
don't know the dates. Now, if you're cutting, will you cut notable day, like, will you that's what I was telling Friday, that you will do

Speaker 1  08:56
something for that way, if I mean, I'd rather stay on rather than changing that cell. Or 1520 minutes every time you

Speaker 2  09:05
have to be able to go in and handpick something off. The next day,

Speaker 1  09:13
I just open up cells and, yeah, move stuff around. Okay,

Matthias Miller  09:16
so this is so this is the orders. So you, you'll go get the orders and send the orders over to the cut list, which will be so. So then once, once you do that, then you'll go over into your daily cut list, and you'll see all your daily items here. If you go over to weekly you'll see your weekly items here. And then this is where you move your your cut list around

Unknown Speaker  09:50
in the weekly cut list,

Matthias Miller  09:52
yeah, either in the weekly or the daily cut list.

Speaker 2  09:56
And when you say moving it around that so it has a default. Setting, but then he's able to reorder the list. Is that right?

Matthias Miller  10:07
That's right. So it goes to, it goes to the next weekday, or to the next Monday. Next weekday for dailies, next Monday for weeklies, by default. And then you can move them. You can move them around. So if you want to move this one, if you want to move these guys later, you can highlight these, these guys right here, and oops, and move, move selected later, which moves it to the next next week?

Speaker 2  10:51
Makes sense or no, so can you? Can you move it to the next week and or move it to the next day? If you're on the daily,

Matthias Miller  10:59
yeah, the daily would be the next day. So here, okay, like, here, we're going to bump this one out to tomorrow. So you can either put in the 19th for this, if you wanted to, and then when you refresh, it shows up there, or you can use, use the button to move it to the next day.

Speaker 2  11:23
He probably the date the same, because the ship date is a, well, maybe usually, because that's a and then if the ship date change, well, that's up to you, George, but sometimes the ship date does change, so that's a good option. So but I'll talk

Unknown Speaker  11:47
just trying to process it.

Speaker 1  12:06
So I'm not, I'm sort of lost with them. Move selected earlier, move selected later. Sure. So

Matthias Miller  12:21
here, let's, let's do this, because this would make it substantially clear. Going to,

Speaker 1  12:41
like, right now my due dates are from 317, 25 uh, until 328 25 I got one week that we're working on now and then when I got the week that I'm more like the following week.

Matthias Miller  12:59
So do you do you want them automatically assigned based on the due date? It

Unknown Speaker  13:06
would probably be easier, yeah,

Matthias Miller  13:09
and so you would want it for and, and how do you want that calculated? I

Unknown Speaker  13:24
You mean, I'm not, like

Matthias Miller  13:26
on a daily Do you want to cut the day before the due date or the or, I mean, what's the

Speaker 1  13:32
we'll see sometimes, like right now, I'm working stuff into 328 which is a week from now. So I'm actually cutting the five days before, like I'm into the

Unknown Speaker  13:48
what's next. Next Monday is 23rd Oh, good point. Yeah. 23rd so I'm already selling stuff for the 23rd right now. So

Matthias Miller  14:07
when, when we push orders across, could we just put it for the next day or week after the last one? Late, latest one?

Unknown Speaker  14:18
Probably.

Matthias Miller  14:20
And then. And so if you're working on a partial week, it might throw it one more week out. You'll have to move stuff back to combine them all into the same week. But that way they, you know, cross wires and

Unknown Speaker  14:32
right do

Matthias Miller  14:44
was there a better way to

Speaker 1  14:49
I mean, like right now, it gives me everything from the 17th to the 28th and then what I when I want to move stuff around, I just go into this. The rows and move them around where I want them to before I print a cut list. So, I mean, it's just a running, it's just a running,

Matthias Miller  15:16
a full running cut, yeah, so you don't, you don't think about this in terms of you just think of this in terms of a single, long running cut list in order, right? And when you print, you want to print out everything. It doesn't matter the date.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
Well, I'm just going to print out what I have. I

Speaker 1  15:46
then I'm just printing out what I have as far as what I have made as a cut list. So

Speaker 2  15:51
you're taking there's a button on there says, Create new cut list, aren't you? George, taking items from the there's items on the cut list that you're hand picking and sending to the to make a cut ones to the new cut like to create new cut list is so there's an items list, but then you send or not items. What is that? Parts, materials? There's a page with everything on it, but then you're hand picking stuff out of there and sending it to the new cut list. How are you well, how you doing the whole page?

Speaker 1  16:33
I just move open cells and boot stuff out to make that cut list.

Speaker 2  16:39
Are you sending them to or how are you and then I'll do print cut list, right and then. But how are you picking the ones that you want to print to show up on the printed cutlet? How are you picking those items for those just

Speaker 1  16:56
by moving them up ahead of everything else. Okay, so, yellow, yeah. So you have a boatload of 716, boat and a half inch. It goes from thinnest to thickest, yeah, 716, half inch. 916, to

Speaker 2  17:09
11. So you're just organizing it, yeah? And I'm drawing it up, whatever you want at the top. You move to the top and everything else. You just let it run through. And

Speaker 1  17:19
then, rather cut print off 45 pages. I'll just the page that I highlight, or whatever. Say it's page three of 15 each. I'm printing three, printing three of three, rather than that way it gives me one page. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  17:36
So here's another way to do it, which is just to have an unscheduled section down at the bottom. So anytime you throw anything on the cut list, it goes down. It goes down at the bottom. It looks like the sorts wrong on this one too. Well, we have to think through sorting but, but then the idea would be that when you're putting together the cut list of print, you would print the, I guess we don't even need the schedule date. It's basically just, we can make it as simple as make this be a check box and whether to put it on the on the cut list and make it a check box when it's done. And then we just, when it comes to printing the check lock the cut list, we just print the straight up, print the cut

Speaker 1  18:33
list that would be easier than to have three different you know, we select earlier, select labor and select complete. The Select complete. What's How does that work? So

Matthias Miller  18:44
this is the track. This is just to track when they're done and when they need to come off. So we have a complete check box now. And so on the daily side, what you'd end up doing, what you do is go ahead and print the schedule and and you would, we, can, we can? You would highlight the whatever rows you have. So let's, let's put a few of these in here. Oops, and refresh. So let's say these two got done. You could control click those and mark those as complete, and they drop off the list, and this one would stay on.

Matthias Miller  19:41
So the daily you come in and do that manually, every day, and on the weekly you would go through, and you can also check them off individually, say, Oh, that one's done. I.

Matthias Miller  20:02
Does that match how you think about it or not? Really? Yeah,

Speaker 1  20:07
I just gotta play around with it and see it'll mean figure it out. All right,

Speaker 2  20:14
so Matt, is there going to be there's going to be a running list in order by day first, and then thickness second

Matthias Miller  20:25
by due date. First? Is that right? Yes. And then yes. And then, do you guys need like that? I do you need to be able to edit the due date George, to move stuff up around, or if that updates from Sage? Is that good enough?

Unknown Speaker  20:54
That's good enough with sage, okay,

Unknown Speaker  20:58
if the due date changes, yeah,

Speaker 1  21:03
if the due date changes. Now I just went and edited that. Man change date is what I do. Is that? Is that? Will that allow me to do that?

Matthias Miller  21:15
I mean, it will automatically update the date. But if you need a way to update the if you'd rather update the due date in this in the system, we can do that,

Unknown Speaker  21:26
probably give me that access. It don't happen that often, but

Speaker 2  21:34
rather have it then, well, it can happen because if, what if she doesn't, because then you're relying on Tina to change the date, right? And if you're doing your work before she gets around to it, yeah? I mean, that's up to you. Yeah, George needs to be able to change the due date manually. Okay, um, so then Matt, you'd have due date, everything in order, by due date and by thickness second, correct? And when we say everything we're talking about the window of days that George chooses to work off of,

Matthias Miller  22:22
right? So, and let's, let's clarify that a little bit.

Matthias Miller  22:34
Do you want to

Matthias Miller  22:42
do? So is that just when you're does that window apply when you're looking at orders and you want to you want to push them to the cut list? Or is that after you've pushed it to the cut list, that you filter it down? Or is it both?

Speaker 1  23:11
Well, that's the same. That's the order page, correct? This is the order page, yeah. So it would be the other page, the only one that I jostle around that one. So say, see if I want to take that. Well, that's it's different, because some of that's self shop stuff. So it's not gonna, it's not like, it's not like, it's game. So

Matthias Miller  23:39
let's, oh, let's, let's go over to

Speaker 2  23:42
this guy. What was your quote? Okay, Mike,

Matthias Miller  23:45
my question was, what are you Well, my question is, what are you using the date filters for?

Speaker 2  23:51
So like, currently, George is using the date filter to look at a selected series of days that are on the sage, like the the new orders list. So he's looking at it usually two weeks at a time. Got it? Sorry. Well, that's what we were talking about last time. Should that be two weeks always starting on the latest Monday, or should that be two weeks from today? All the time and every day, it's today in the next nine days? I think we decided it should be today in the next nine days, because George doesn't necessarily have to go back and look at yesterday's stuff,

Unknown Speaker  24:45
right? So that date filter could be, could be a set, a set, a set builder, set date or a set window, always. A day in the next 10 working days, or whatever 14 days window.

Matthias Miller  25:08
So would you be? Is there a reason not to show things after that? If we group them again, we can do it however you want to, but we could show you everything that's been pushed across to the put to the cut list. But then group, based on you have three groups, one's ready to go, one's due in the next two weeks, and then the third one is due off in the future sometime.

Speaker 2  25:36
And then it'd be group. It'd just be one big, long running list, correct with the and you would never have to scroll down to the bottom necessarily. You'd just be working off the top. Anyway, Matt,

Speaker 1  25:53
okay, so Matt, like in the brewer there, there's three items there. Now, if I wanted to take that 78564, and move it in front of 78526, how do I do that? Say I wanted to cut that 12 inch before I cut 24 inch.

Matthias Miller  26:19
We'll need to well, bottom line is we need to give you that capability.

Speaker 2  26:37
Can that can a line item be drug up and down like, I guess that's an Excel feature. Or, I don't even know what that is, but it is not,

Matthias Miller  26:49
not here, okay? But we can give you, I'm trying to think the best way to

Speaker 2  27:01
so if we go back to the so the items that are on here under Brewer or keyston or scalpy are ones that George is already not only were they at the top of so they Were at the top of the sage list.

Matthias Miller  27:21
Right? Yes,

Speaker 2  27:23
they were at the top of the list, but he never shuffled anything around. Yet, there needs to be a page somewhere where he can shuffle the stuff up or down, like, for example, if if he wants to cut the half inch stuff before he cuts the thinner 7/16 he's going to have to be able to move the half inch stuff up above the 7/16 sometime, somewhere. Yep. And then there's going to be times as well, Matt, where within that group of half inch, there may be an item that's, I don't know what your next filter is. Maybe it's length. Well, width, width would be the next builder, and then length would be the next builder. So this could be times where, based on schedule, we're cutting a whole bunch of half inch, and there's going to be a list, an item could be at the bottom that we might want to cut first. So there has to be, you have to be able to shuffle that stuff a lot.

Matthias Miller  28:30
All right, I'll, I'll come up with with an easy mechanism. It's not the same as Excel, but I'll come up with an easy, something relatively easy, to Sure, sure, shuffle that I Yeah,

Speaker 2  28:40
that wasn't a plug for Excel. Don't, don't get me wrong. Oh, man,

Speaker 1  28:53
is there any type of backup Matt to this?

Matthias Miller  28:56
Yeah, so we do, we do nightly backups in the cloud, and then we have a separate backup, redundant backup on an at a physical location. And that's that's all. It's automatic and monitored and all that stuff. But it doesn't

Speaker 1  29:16
buy itself. We don't physically hit back up and all that, no

Matthias Miller  29:21
and when, I mean, if something goes sideways, we can fairly easily restore from, restore from backup, but all that stuff will be taken care of if something happens.

Speaker 1  29:34
So there's no new orders button to retrieve orders from Sage. I mean, it automatically goes to there.

Matthias Miller  29:43
It will Yes, every however Rick sets it up at whatever schedule he sets it up, it'll get pushed into here daily, or whatever that is.

Speaker 1  29:54
Yeah, right now, sorry, so right there after. Get that from Tina. I usually have a button that says, update orders, and then that transforms that from there. If she put anything new on the sage orders, it transfers it to the materials list. Don't have to do any of that, either

Matthias Miller  30:24
Well, current, currently, you have to manually push it to well, how often does that happen during the day? Let me ask that. Does that happen pretty frequently, where she pings you with something and you gotta push an update?

Speaker 1  30:35
Well, she usually does her thing around two is show so we call it a computer readout. It's like eight pages of stuff with all the sage orders on it. And then the guy gets that he prints off the prints. That's mold and the stuff that she put in. But that's usually like, I'll do it maybe two or three times a day, because sometimes she'll put stuff in earlier. And if I like, it's if I'm really running close to the end of the the two weeks that I'm running, if something's going to pop up that I can that I can say it's 716 jobs that I can compile with my other 716 jobs, rather than having to change a soul over because she threw one sage order in that comes in at two o'clock that if you follow one of them, yeah. I

Matthias Miller  31:31
mean, what I would, what I would do if this, if something like this at work, I would have Rick set it up to do it every you know, if every hour is often enough, I'd have him do it something like every hour from or, you know, any you can schedule it however you want to, but every hour between, you know, I don't know, six to 10, six to eight or whatever, right? There's no real need to do it overnight. But is that, if it happens automatically on the hour, does that work? Or, yeah, I think it would work.

Speaker 1  32:14
I mean, we could probably go quarter. I mean, like, three quarters of like, do it like 910, o'clock, do it at lunch time, and then do it like at two o'clock. Basically, when she does her that's most of the deadline is two o'clock, where she has everything in it came in for that day, all right? Or whatever's upcoming.

Unknown Speaker  32:38
Sure. I Alright?

Matthias Miller  32:43
So those would come in automatically. Then you go in here, you push them over to the cut list, or you generate the materials list. And maybe, maybe this would be, this probably be clear if we would actually call this. I

Matthias Miller  33:07
And then you'd, you'd so, so for that, you generate the materials list. You would then go over into, into the daily and weekly cut list and say, All right, this is ready to go. This is not ready to go. You know what? This on or off.

Matthias Miller  33:31
And then we'd have a way for you to to rearrange it, move it around.

Speaker 3  33:42
Jeff, I Well, the

Speaker 1  33:46
three, the three on the side, the star, the bell, Which one were you going into to get that? To get that? Were you doing or this one,

Matthias Miller  33:57
the box up top. Yeah, right.

Speaker 1  34:00
And that gives you new orders, your daily cut list, weekly cut list, your new customer, all customers, right? You can also items as your items page with all your fasteners and all that stuff, correct, now, do you have a user manual? Well, I mean, like, just like some generic, not, not like pages and pages, like, just a little little fine, yes,

Matthias Miller  34:43
I could totally do that for you. Yeah, a page or two. I used to do that for my dad all the time. A little side note, he had this, he would proudly have this three ring binder sitting by his laptop or by his by his computer, and he is eons ago

Speaker 1  34:59
I get my feet. Don't mean my feet, I get it, man, that the only that's not a problem I use, it's not very like mainly, thing I only use, the one that I have for Excel, was the the different colors. If it wasn't an item, it was peach. If it wasn't, I forget what the there's two different scenarios with the peach color. I think one was if it wasn't an item in the items list, and the other one was if it wasn't transferred to the materials list. It was peach, because once you pull in the new items list, it disappears. But then when you hit not regenerate. What was it? Update materials list from the sage, then that that other peach color in the code, what is it? The items code, it would disappear from peach too. So that was a different scenarios with the two peach colors, yep.

Speaker 1  36:00
Yeah, once I'll be alright. It just seems like it's just a whole ton of

Matthias Miller  36:06
it's a lot, and it's a very different way of thinking about it. That's probably the worst thing I'm I'm pretty optimistic that once you get into the into the groove, that lot easier. I'm hoping. I'm hoping. Hey, another question I did have. I saw that some of these have have sawing filled in, but we never print the sawing for for these guys do these? Are these relevant Brewer I

Unknown Speaker  36:44
you have the sewing schedule on there somewhere?

Matthias Miller  36:50
Well, it wouldn't never mind. It would show Wait, we talked last time about it either being one or the other. But the truth of the matter, I mean, is this a case brewed be on the sewing schedule and on the brewer schedule. See

Speaker 1  37:03
how he has, how Stephen had it set up. If it was on the brewer and it was part of the sawing, it would shove that the, I call it the cans, the like that top sell five and a half to 616. Poplar that would be on the saw list too, but I didn't want it on the saw list, because it's going to cause mass confusion with my saw guys. It needs to be on the brewer, the Keystone not generating it to give me a double and that's why I never passed the that song schedule out, because they don't need to know that it came from a can't that if I have to do multiple jobs with that job that came from them gang saws, I don't need that on the sawing list. So,

Speaker 2  37:52
so Matt did. It's showing up as the raw material was the five and a half, a 616, and then, excuse me. And then from there you're, you're getting the cutting it down to 716, by five and a half by 26, and a half. Where, what? There's scenarios where we'll cut something from a five and a half by 616 to a shorter length, and then we'll break it down to, for example, 716 by five and a half, instead of like the six by five and a half. But now it still needs cut back to a maybe 20 inches, and you can't cut that short on the brewer. So now it also needs to be sent over to sawing, where it'll go to one of the cutoff saws, but the raw material is now a different size, right? So, and there's other examples of you know, it may need to go to the slaughter and get slotted, and many to get notched, and many to have corners cut. But at that as soon as it's done the Yanks on the brewer or the Keystone, those two, that changes the raw material. It's now smaller. Yeah, it's a different size. And now we're going to shape it farther on another saw.

Matthias Miller  39:32
Um, but you don't want to, you don't want to push it through to the sawing until it's been through, it's this,

Speaker 2  39:44
yeah, so um, in that scenario, um, well, I don't know if it'd be bulletproof or not, but that the right way to do it would be to take. The raw material on the brewer, that's correct. And then the size we're trying to cut, 716, five and a half. 26, and a half. Well, if it gets also sent to another, another saw, then the raw material should now be the new size that we was generated on the brewer, and then that would apply on the rest of the scenarios, right? So if something gets cut on the brewer or the Keystone, or the L and M for that matter, as soon as it's, oh, maybe I'm wrong about L and M, Okay, never mind. But if something gets cut on the brewer or the Keystone, and then also gets cut on any of the other souls, the raw material size if, if that's the category, that that should be forwarded and then further processed anything from Brewer and Keystone,

Matthias Miller  41:18
and we could do that as Part of the cut list. Well, I guess is it clear enough to you, George, if we like, in this case here, we would split it into two lines, one for one for Brewer, then add a second line, Brewer with no saws specified, and then another line was sawing with these specified pulling in, pulling in these dimensions as the raw material.

Unknown Speaker  41:50
Yeah, that would work, Matt,

Speaker 1  41:51
I think so. Because, like I said, that was a that was a real issue with it was sending the raw materials that we used on the gang saws to the saw less, yep. And they don't need to know that, right, which is going to cause mass, yeah, confusion. I mean, it it was, yeah, made me go bonkers. And yeah, I know on the floor, it would even have been worse yet.

Speaker 2  42:15
Yeah. So everything, raw materials, three dimensional, and everything that the that the gang saws do is just changing those three dimensions or leaving them the same. You know, sometimes one or the other will stay the same. But yes, right. So the gang saws change the dimension of the lumber the three dimensions, but then down the road, it's other things happening. There

Speaker 1  42:42
was another one too, Matt with the sawing. I don't know how to describe it. If I take two by four pine and we actually send it and split it on the band saw, and when you split that two before it's actually an inch and a half thickness, you can get two pieces of 1116, so when Tina puts it into sage, as say, 10 pallets, and it's 111 16, three and a half 40 time, when I do that in the items list, I can do it maybe three different ways. I can put two by four by 40 to split 11/16 on the splitter, Hendry splitter. But if it's going by Tina sage with 10 pallets, and I'm putting them two by fours in, well, if I put 1116, three and a half 40 pine in, it's not going to recognize that. I got to take two by 440s pine and split them into 1116, so if she got 10 in the sage order, and I'm taking two by fours and splitting them now all of a sudden, you got enough for 20 pallets, rather than 10, because I'm splitting them in half.

Speaker 2  43:59
So where are you cutting the two by fours to length in the L and M FinTech, that's the saw. So your raw material there is a two by 412, or 10 foot or whatever. Well, once that's done, then the raw material is that goes to the splitter. Saw is shorter.

Speaker 1  44:26
Well, you have to split it in half, right? But what I'm saying is, you put, if you're taking it in a true item list, it should stay 1116, three and a half, 40. HT pine and it doesn't no because I'm doing two by four, I'm taking a two by 440, give it and then taken to the

Speaker 2  44:47
what splitter? Why does it say two by four on the items? So that's how it puts in there.

Speaker 1  44:54
Because it doesn't allow me to do one. You mean it doesn't allow me to go further than that? I. To say, we don't mean to split 1116 in the items list.

Unknown Speaker  45:11
I understand.

Speaker 1  45:13
But even the random, when I do random, yeah, one inch board, right? I'm set. I'm saying it takes 7030 letters a half inch rain. I'm taking 15 letters a one inch to make them right. 30 letters a half inch. But it doesn't allow me to get to open it up to get it like. I'm putting in the items list. I'm putting like,

Speaker 2  45:38
but in the in the on the item, on the item page where you enter the item data, right? You're putting in there half inch random, right, for that power,

Speaker 1  45:51
but I need to take one inch random to do that. But

Unknown Speaker  45:55
that's your raw material.

Unknown Speaker  45:58
That's raw material. It's not finished, finished product.

Speaker 2  46:01
Well, why is that getting Why is your role model? Yeah, so this, it's when you look up this farther, man, I think,

Matthias Miller  46:11
well, you know, it's funny, because, I mean, yeah, yeah, so

Speaker 2  46:16
two by four, half inch and, and, yeah, he gotcha, two buffaloes, and the random, because I think this is yeah, we'll, we'll, not we'll. I think we can think,

Speaker 1  46:25
because it's allowing you, yeah, with the sage, it's allowing you just for one power,

Speaker 2  46:32
yeah, I understand what you're saying, but it's just a, yeah, I'm sure we can. I'm sure we can correct it. Matt, I think it's just, uh, it's, there's a missing step in the process. All right, hopefully it's not too, too nuanced to where it's complicated. I don't think it will be

Matthias Miller  46:50
okay, good. All right. Well, I mean, I think next steps may be obviously making some of these changes, and then maybe typing out a little bit of an instruction sheet and seeing if we can get the test system good enough where George can poke around at it And and see what he thinks. Well, we maybe do one more, one more walk through, maybe probably Wednesday, if that's it's an option for you guys this

Unknown Speaker  47:35
Wednesday. Yeah,

Speaker 1  47:37
see what my tree guys, oh yeah, I'll work around my tree guy, well, I think I'm, I'm, I'm trying to get a hold on but I can't get it. We're, we're

Speaker 2  47:47
fairly flexible. Now, if you want to plan it a little little bit further down the line here, that's fine. Okay, Wednesday after, it has to be after two o'clock. After two,

Matthias Miller  47:59
yeah, all right, I will, I will put in some question marks on my calendar and be in touch with more specifics. Okay, good. All right,

Speaker 2  48:15
appreciate it. Yeah, same man. Thank you. You're welcome. You

Matthias Miller  48:21
bet. All right, sorry for all the gibberish. Hey, that's, that's my job. I I'm used to translating from from non tech to tech, so don't apologize. Appreciate it. Thanks for all Yep, you're welcome. Thanks

Unknown Speaker  48:36
again. Yeah, good bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai