Speaker 1  00:00
Matthias, okay, great. So welcome back, everybody. We're recording now, and I'm sharing my screen. This is the exercise we're going to be doing. So I've, I've created seven different scenarios, and each room, each Zoom Room, is going to have a different scenario. And let me give you an example of what a scenario is so. So this is Austin segway, food tours. Oh, the Can you can you guys meet yourselves, if you're not muted?

Speaker 1  00:40
Oh, my God, it's Desiree, Desiree, it's Desiree, okay. All right. Oh, sorry, okay, all right. Found the mute button. We're good. Okay. So, as you can see on the screen, we've got Austin segway food tours, and so the very first thing going to do is actually read the description at the bottom. So the story James and Larry run a growing food tour business. About half of their bookings are paid for online and the remainder is paid in cash the day of the tours. So it's a highly cash intensive business. They've each taken a $40,000 salary because they want to qualify for a mortgage and have a handshake deal not to take any dividends. James is confused why there doesn't seem to be any cash in the bank, and their accountant just sent their them a $12,000 tax bill. What happened? So then from there, once you've read the preamble for segway food tours, Austin, segway food tours, you can look up here. And what do we have? We have a balance sheet as of December 31 2016 let's skip to the right, all the way to the right. We've got a balance sheet for December 31 2017 Bum Bum bum. We have the beginnings of diamond financials. What do we need to make it complete? To make the diamond complete, we need an income statement right here, and we need a statement of cash flows right here. And lo and behold, it fits perfectly between the two balance sheets, December 31 2016 January 2017 that fits as a beginning, same with the statement of cash flows as the beginning and the end point is December 31 2017 730, 2017 and the ending balance sheet is December 31 2017 so we have everything we need for Diamond financials. Of course, in a balance sheet, we have assets, liabilities and equity. In an income statement, we have revenue, expenses and earnings statement of cash flows. We've got beginning cash, OCF, ICF, FCF, and cash and balance sheet, same thing, assets, liabilities, equity. Now I've laid this out left to right, so that it's just a little bit different. It's a little bit different than what we've been doing up until now. Up until now, we've had it laid out pretty like a diamond, right? Well, the reality, as we saw with the real financials we looked at yesterday, is that, unfortunately, they're not handed to us in a really pretty diamond shape. So this is closer to what reality looks like. And now that you guys have the mental model to know how things flow, you'll now know with your own balance sheet and your own businesses, you can place it on the left, you get your income statement and statement of cash flows in the middle, and your balance sheet on the right, and that'll look more like reality. So we're inching and taking big steps at the same time towards reality. So each group is going to be given each each group, each group is going to be given one of these seven scenarios. You'll work with your partner, and you're going to take a look, and you're going to make a recommend. You're going to come up with at least three insights or recommendations for each for your scenario. So now keep in mind, now keep in mind you may have never worked in this business before. You may have never, ever, ever even heard of this industry before. Maybe you don't even know what a segue is, and it doesn't matter, because you're going to be able to look at just the story and the financials, and you'll be able to have, you'll get at least three insights and or recommendations, and I'll tell you of all the times that I've done this exercise, I've been blown away at the at the huge range of great ideas that people have had and great questions. Remember that financials are a treasure map. It gives you an X marks the spot so you know where to dig. And so you might have to compare some numbers. You might have to look at the difference, like what happened in this year versus in this last year. There might be a little bit of digging, and that's okay. So you might need pen, paper, calculator, that kind of thing. If you have any questions, let me know. I'm new to running zoom this way, so I'll try to pop into each room. And just say hello, see how it's going. And I assume you'll be able to, kind of like, put your hand up, somehow, some way, and I'll be able to come and answer your question, okay, aside from asking who your partner is, which you'll just know once you're put into your Zoom Room. Does anybody have any questions about the outcome of the exercise.

Speaker 2  05:23
Lawrence, good. I just missed about half of it because I crashed out again here. So I'm not sure if that has to do with the separate rooms or

Speaker 1  05:32
not. Okay, all right, Jim, so, so, Jim, sorry that Zoom kicked you out. That's no fun. Jim, you'll be put into a room with at least one other person, probably one of the person, possibly two other people. And just looking at the seven, the scenario you're given, you're going to read the story at the bottom. Look at the financials. We've got a balance sheet starting and ending, and an income statement, a statement of cash flows. So you have everything you need for to make the diamond financials, and I'll give, I'll give you guys all say, 15 minutes or so to do your digging, to see what you come up with. And then after that, you have an opportunity to share what you found. So the the definition of done is you have three insights and, or recommendations for this business, and, and, and, you know, even if you just have like questions, that's okay, like, I noticed that account, you know, I wouldn't say this is a real compelling one, but I see that Accounts Payable went from $6,000 here to $8,000 here. And it makes me wonder. And then whatever you're wondering, right? So that's sometimes an insight is just like, you know, a digger digging deeper question. Okay, now make it compelling. 6000 AP to 8000 AP probably isn't all that compelling, and I wouldn't give you a full marks for that one, but there's plenty of little easter eggs in all these seven scenarios, no matter which one that you are assigned, any other questions about what we're up to here? Going once, going twice. Okay, so does everybody have access to these seven scenarios? It should be in the same Google Drive folder that Denise sent out last week and then again yesterday. Lauren, would you be willing? You seem to be on top of this. Would you be able to paste the link for this Google Drive folder into the chat box? Awesome, so Lauren's going to take care of that. So go ahead and click that and in. So let's now talk about who's doing which one so in breakout one, in breakout one, and we've had two new people join. So let me just manage that just a little bit. Thank you, Lauren for putting that in. So everyone, go ahead and click that Google Drive link. Get that opened up, and you can see that we've Got the seven scenarios, okay and,

Speaker 1  08:21
okay so breakout rooms. Okay. Breakout Room One. Peter and Taryn, please do scenario number one, which is segue food tours. Jason and Mark riffy, Jason Hallmark Griffey do number two. And number two is the second one there, which is gadgets for you, EECOM breakout. Room three, Chris. Chris is all alone, so Jim, maybe I'll figure out how to put you into Chris's room. So Jim, into Chris. And that is room three. You guys go ahead and do number three, which is CBD supplement business. Number four, Brandon Jones and Deborah Reynolds, go ahead and do coach Dave. You guys will do coach Dave. Breakout five, alonto and Lauren go ahead and do the next one, which is Rob's get x fit. Okay, Desiree, will have you join alonto and Lauren in five if you're on the line. Desiree, yes, you are. So let me put Desiree, we'll go in with alonto and Lauren Goldstein, and that's in five, and then Breakout Room six. Deb and Brandon Yeager will have you do number six, which is online dating company. Okay, great. So I'm going to open all rooms. I think it's going to send everyone away. If there's any technical glitches, I apologize in advance. Worst case scenario, if this whole thing crashes, just come back. To zoom with tim.com All right, here we go.

Speaker 1  11:40
You okay, Pablo, I'm not sure if you can hear me, but Pablo, I've assigned you to Deb and Brandon's room, which I believe is room number six. And so all you'll have to do is accept the invitation or the the button to head over to room six, and that will get you over there and they're ready to get started. So and if you're in the middle of something else, no problem. Just make sure that you get over there ASAP so that you can get the benefit of the exercise. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai