Speaker 1  00:00
Matthias, okay, great. So welcome back, everybody. We are recording once again, and I'd love to hear what E is now that you've had lunch to think about it, you've added some calories to the old bloodstream. What is your big takeaway from the morning session of day two of dirty numbers?

Unknown Speaker  00:17
I'll go. Can you hear

Unknown Speaker  00:23
me like a choir of angels? Okay,

Speaker 2  00:27
so there were two things. I mean, I still might be a little foggy on how the whole inventory thing works, but that was very helpful. And the other thing that was a huge aha for me, was moving pay per click or like Facebook or Google ads or something like that to variable costs that was really interesting to me.

Speaker 1  00:53
Good. Yeah, definitely one of those judgment call type situations where now that you know far, far, far more about your numbers. You've got the ability to provide leadership and vision to your bookkeeper and accountant and help get the help them help you get the information that you're looking for. I think that, I think that accountants get a lot of the the press about their you know, they're the important ones. They charge more money than bookkeepers all the rest. I think as you go on, you're going to discover here that actually, probably one of the most powerful people you'll have in your whole business team is actually your bookkeeper, because it's your bookkeeper who's going to be in QuickBooks or sage or whatever tool you're using, Xero or whatever, and they're the one that's going to help to adjust your chart of accounts. They're the ones who's going to help you to pull certain reports. They really are the ones who are kind of taking your vision and making the software and the data bend to the ways that you're looking for in the financial software. We're going to have a little bit of that going on also, maybe a lot of that going on in spreadsheets as well, which I'll show you guys more about. But that bookkeeper super important. Thank you, Lauren, who's next with their big takeaway from the morning of day, two of narrow numbers.

Speaker 3  02:11
I'll go. I was gonna echo exactly the same two things that Lauren read from my mind through the Zoom channel. Both of those things are exactly the things that that were great for me. And I'm actually really looking forward to talking to my accountant.

Speaker 1  02:29
Nice way to go, Mark, that's awesome. Did you ever think in your lifetime you'd ever say that sentence?

Speaker 3  02:36
Oh, hell no. I mean, you know, I like him and all, and he does good work, but, you know, it's not anything I ever looked forward to. I'm not saying I look forward to it now, but now I get

Speaker 1  02:51
it now. Yeah, you get it. And now you've got a power position. You can throw some lingo his way, make him kind of get back on his heels a little bit,

Unknown Speaker  03:00
right? That'll be entertaining. I'm sure.

Speaker 1  03:04
Yeah, I'm sure, the first time that you guys have your you're now educated at a whole new level of conversations with your accountants, they're gonna go like, where did you go and what planet did you come from? This is a whole different conversation. It's very cool.

Speaker 3  03:19
Thank you, Mark. I'm just, I'm just imagining you saying, asking LeBron the second question that you asked yesterday, and the look on his face when you asked that,

Speaker 1  03:28
right? Yeah, when it's like, three days earlier, I'm like, LeBron, how do I how do I do a bounce pass? And he's like, oh, okay, this is where this guy's at. And then, like, three days later, I'm like, asking about triangle defense with 28 seconds left in the game and being in bonus land. Totally love that. Thanks, Mark. Awesome. Who's next with their insight on what their big takeaway has been so far from the morning of day two of new numbers? Yeah, Taryn,

Speaker 4  04:02
I have to say that the confidence in me now leading my two business partners. I got on a call right now, and I said, this is how it's going to be, and I told him, and I was like, I'm being the optics of my financials in my current business. I'm going to show you what it looked like for the last 12 years, and then I'm going to devise a plan, and you can give me input if you think that plan is, you know, feasible, but I'm going to leave this because yes, of course. And I was like, I only got that confidence because of being here. Otherwise, I really had it. But we're Team. These two are going to work with me, even though I'm going to be 78% owner and they're 20 to 30% and I was going to let them be equal owners because of this way of thinking. And then coming in here, I'm like, I'm the lead. This is my show, and it's not being, you know, impolite, but it's I have the confidence to do that now,

Speaker 1  04:53
yes, yes, I think I just hit bonus time for my time being here. Thank you, Taryn. I. Yeah, you know when I when I think of my first ever kind of business partnership? What it was was I just looked for the nearest person that would talk to me and who is my really good friend. And it wasn't a business partnership based on, oh, you know this, I know this other thing, therefore it's complimentary, and we fill each other's gaps. No, it was like, the dumb leading the blind. It was, it was like, at least if, if this is painful, I've got someone's shoulder to cry on, because you're my friend. Like that was basically what my partnership looked like in the very, very beginning. And you start gaining skills like this, you're like, oh, right, right? Or as soon as you get really good at marketing, you're like, oh, that's what it means to have game, you know? Or you get really good at operations, right? Whatever it is, you're like, oh, and wait, hold on. So that means there's other people that are like this good at other things that I'm kind of in the fog about. Oh, right, so, and look at how much horsepower you just like, in just a couple days. We're not even it's a day and a half, Taryn, a day and a half. Look at how much horsepower you're gonna bring and the sophistication that you can look at things. And like Taryn, we're just getting started, just so you know, yeah, awesome. Great, work. Okay, who else has got their their insight from the morning of day two? See team Yeager reaching for the mute button. Go for it.

Speaker 5  06:38
I think for for me, it's just knowledge is power. It's a lot of refresher, and it's even at a deeper level of what I knew and understand, a lot of some dusting off some some old real estate finance courses, some trust to fund, trust fund handling courses, things like that. So it, and that's kind of the way, actually, the biggest thing for me is probably it's unearned revenue. It makes me seem it's, it seems like, for the real estate people that know about trust funds, it's like, it's like you're handling other people's money, clients funds. It goes in the trust account you can't touch until you need to pay yourself. It's very much like that, and it's just a higher level of discipline and accountability that our business needs.

Speaker 1  07:17
I love that. Yep. So yeah, when it comes I get out of this awesome man, yeah. And if that's the only thing you got out of it, I bet it would revolutionize the way that you look at cash management.

Unknown Speaker  07:28
So that's exciting. That's not

Speaker 5  07:30
everything I got out of it. I'm just saying it's, it's a deeper understanding for the details and also just knowledge of, like, talking to the accountant that you know you don't feel like he's talking down to you, like that always seems to happen a lot. Then you get frustrated, and then like, profanities come out.

Unknown Speaker  07:48
And sometimes profanities come out from both parties, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  07:51
usually my accountant likes to throw back to

Speaker 1  07:55
it's spirited. It's spirited. I love that, yeah. And, you know, it's a really interesting way to look at it. It's like, when you've got a trust fund, like, you know, like, or a lawyer, for example, they're holding money in trust, right? And you know that that's it. I'd say, although unearned revenue and a deposit are legally defined two different ways, or handle a little bit differently, I think spirit behind them is exactly what you're saying. So love it, man. How about you? Deb,

Speaker 6  08:23
for me, again, it's like diving into the details and really understanding it's a whole new language for me. So there's a learning curve there, though. The big picture, what I'm taking away from it, is I was on the right track, which is awesome, and just having

Speaker 1  08:43
Brandon, she's just gonna twist that knife as many times as she can.

Speaker 6  08:51
I so anyways, that's that's good, and just now we have a way of communicating that, and then also just understanding best practices for handling money and business is, like, unbelievably transformational for me. Awesome. Thank you. I mean, I know it's super big picture in the in the details I'm still filtering through, and I'm looking forward to doing it again, over and over again, until I really understand deeply each terminology, word,

Speaker 1  09:21
I really I acknowledge your commitment to mastery. That's amazing. I love it. Okay, who else? Who's next?

Speaker 7  09:32
I'll go next for me, I think it was the thinking through the adjustments on both the income statement and the cash flow, or statement of cash flows, and playing with that, like you said, mental gymnastics of you know, if something goes out or is reported out on one end, how do we balance it out on the other end?

Speaker 1  09:58
Very cool. I really, I've never. Heard that word used before, but I love it. Pete is reported. An income statement is kind of like reporting. And you know, where are we reporting that the money is coming and going, and then the cash story is when the cash is actually coming and going. And because the income statement is a report, it gives us insights like a marketing report into where to be able to look how can we get clarity to make our plans for the future? That's what reports do, right? Is give us information to make our decisions for the future. Not to say that a cash flow forecast doesn't, or a balance sheet doesn't, but to view that income statement as a report. I think it's very clever way to look at that. Well said. Thank you. All right, who's next on your insight from the morning of day two?

Speaker 8  10:49
I'll go real quick. Yes, please do so I I have,

Speaker 5  10:55
you know, I've heard the term evident, you know, EBITDA to use many times, and I was never quite sure why you would, for example, value the company without including those. And now that there was an aha moment where I was like, Oh, I see, because those are variables that would depend on the owners and the State of the Union of our actual country, and like, who's president all these things? Oh, okay, those factors are all adjustable, but the income and the way the company operates is above that line. Oh, that was an Aha. So I just appreciated, I appreciated that, and I also appreciated the other, you know, the profits before interest and taxes, the P bit as well a new term so that if someone threw that out there, I wouldn't be automatically thrown off because they weren't speaking the email language. So I just appreciated both of those. Thank you.

Speaker 1  11:49
Yeah, you bet yet again, all these different terms that mean the same thing. Like, EBIT and P bit are the same thing. EBITDA and P bit are the same thing. Like, oh my goodness, oh, my goodness. Okay, great. Who's next? I'll go alonto

Speaker 9  12:10
Hands down. Definitely. My favorite is the your three crosshairs, like the external, internal and timing, really understanding kind of your unique situation, your your resources, and then time, really like, what this like, know, your numbers, course, has really given me is an idea of like, where are like capital is, is that, and how can we utilize that to leverage, like, the things that we're doing? Because all money does, or what capital is like, huge in like business is, it allows you to leverage and utilize that capital to either invest in the systems or invest in people, which is like an understanding kind of the the wealth dynamics, like process is, and I love that, like, little aspect of okay with everything going on, what's your current situation, unique situation, external. What is your like, internal? And then what is the best timing to actually pull the trigger on, like, whatever we're dealing with right now, kind of like, I

Unknown Speaker  13:44
love that. Love that,

Speaker 1  13:47
yeah, I love that, yeah, and, and, to your point, to like, and me, maybe I didn't. I should probably add this is when I think of timing, that third part, so unique set of resources, unique set of circumstances, and unique timing, which is 3d decision making, is what I call it, is. It's also like timing includes time frame, right? So if I'm in a position and I need to, if I needed to make a million dollars in the next 10 years with my unique set of circumstances and resources, I would come up with a solution. If I had to come up with a million dollars in the next 10 years, I get that could be a very slow burn, right? Maybe it's completely passive. Maybe I invest some money in something and it, you know, off we go. If I had to make a million dollars in five years, well, then I might have to start another product. And that can be, again, a little bit casual. Off it goes. If I need to make a million dollars in a year, I'm probably it's different. Again, if I need a million dollars in six months, if I need a million dollars in six weeks, if I need a million dollars in six days, like, six days like, there's people on this call. I'm certain there's people on this call. You. That if they needed access to a million dollars in six days, they could do it right, and like you might have to convince someone to lend it to you right, or you might have to be good at sales or negotiating or whatever. But you know, there's, in fact, I know for a fact, there's multiple people on this call that could access a million dollars in six days. In fact, there's multiple people on this call that could access a million dollars in six hours, right? And, and if I said, you know, if you were truly motivated, if it was like, you know, your family's life is on the line, or, you know, you get to do something really cool that you're motivated by, I'm there's multiple probably, in fact, every single one of us on this call could get access to a million dollars in six hours. So you know, how long what is the what is the time frame? That's time frame and timing is all it's all part of the same thing. So thank you. Want to thank you so much. Who else? Let's get one or two more here before we dive right in. Dive right in. Yeah, I'll talk for a second here. Hi, Jeff,

Speaker 10  16:03
Hi. How's it going? So one, and this is kind of off subject, because the way what everybody else has gotten, they're all very good points, but one of the things that I'm kind of working on right now is marketing, and I'd love the way you add testimonials right into your program that you can, I imagine you'll pull them later for marketing, but I'm just thinking different ways that I can add testimonials to market the things that I'm selling, which kind of gave me bonus time. With some ideas just from the way you're pulling testimonials in. So I know it's not probably where you thought bonus time would come from, but all the rest is very good too. So there's my bonus time for you.

Speaker 1  16:47
Very cool Jim, yeah, didn't think that was gonna be it. Yeah, yeah, and yeah. I think if I do end up taking any piece of this course and using it as a testimonial, I'd probably check with everyone before I would publish it, just so you guys know. And and the, the, the, just in case there's any question, the reason I do this is is oftentimes, by repeating what it is that we learned, we're activating our brain. We're learning at a deeper level. And so for me, it's learning first. That's the first and, and to Jim's point, if it ends up being a testimonial, I'll make sure to let you know so that no one's surprised and they see their face on a website. Okay, let's get one more. We haven't heard from Mark Willis. We haven't heard from Jason Hall. Desiree. Who else? Chris in Australia, Deborah Reynolds, who'd like to speak up. Oh, I'll go real quick. I'm super tired because I stayed really late, but I'm learning lots of stuff. I'm liking that all these words are starting to look somewhat familiar to me, that I'm seeing these sheets, I'm able to follow along do the math, which is great. So, so, yeah, I think just the familiarity with the financials, and just for kicks, I printed out my entire bank statement, and I've just been highlighting everything that could probably go cut, yes, action, action. I mean, I probably saved $200 plus in recurring revenue just from this morning looking at things so and going and reducing some seat licenses on some tools we're using. Mm, hmm, other stuff. So, yeah, so the course has already paid for itself. So, hey, excellent, awesome. Yeah, and that's certainly my goal. Is not that the course pays for itself, but it pays for itself on, like, the first day. That's like, you know, that's definitely my intention. And more, you know, and more, so that's great, awesome. Thank you. Jason, okay, great, awesome. Well, let's, let's keep rolling forward here, and we're going to actually do a group exercise here, which is super fun. And it's, we're going to be in small groups. So it's not going to be all of us, all 14 of us together at the same time. So we're going to have to, like, imagine we're in person at the Westin, we're going to break into different areas of the room. And so I think what that means is we will seeing as everyone has a Zoom Room here, because you're on zoom with me right now, I think everyone will what. We'll get into groups of two or three, and then from there, kind of go into your respective zoom rooms, and then, how can you guys ask me a question? I don't think you can have two zoom rooms open at the same time. I don't think so. Maybe let's do this. How can you Does anybody have any good tech ideas on how you guys could ask me a question? If you needed to like

Speaker 2  20:00
so you can pop in and out of the rooms as host. And then I would just say, we just make a sheet of questions.

Speaker 1  20:09
Or just Facebook Messenger, you can create a messenger group. I don't know if everyone here uses Facebook, but, hmm, okay.

Speaker 4  20:16
What about FaceTime? The ones that want to FaceTime. Can do that together? And I think you can conference on FaceTime, can't you?

Unknown Speaker  20:24
Yeah, it's interesting.

Speaker 2  20:25
Okay, you can actually just do breakout rooms.

Unknown Speaker  20:30
Can we do that? Is that a thing? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  20:33
yeah.

Unknown Speaker  20:35
You can communicate through, through the chat in the breakout rooms,

Unknown Speaker  20:42
yeah, and zoom,

Unknown Speaker  20:43
okay,

Speaker 2  20:46
you just have to make sure that the setting is on your Zoom Room. Do you want me? Is that for Tim to do? Oh, it's not for anyone except him. So how do we adjust? Where do we find out? Do anything? He has to set it up, and then he'll put everybody in the right room. Okay,

Speaker 1  21:09
okay, awesome, great. So Jason, Jason, you're a wizard, man, you're so fast at grabbing all these resources. So Jason just sent me the zoom.us. Support list so I can grade up to 50 breakout rooms. I

Speaker 2  21:23
go into your settings in your profile here, I'll send you the link, and then it's under in meeting advanced, and then you just do breakout room

Speaker 1  21:33
okay in meeting. So us here, I was all proud of myself. I thought I was ahead of the curve here, and I had everything thought of when it came to

Speaker 2  21:47
dealing with so, yeah, in meeting advanced and then toggle on breakout room. We might have to, you might have to stop the recording and then let us all come back in, because I don't know if it'll do it retroactively,

Speaker 1  22:00
right. Okay, so I've toggled on breakout room. Allow host to split meeting participants in separate small rooms. Done. Allow host to assign purchases to breakout rooms, and scheduling

Speaker 2  22:09
if you want that you can, but that will be for future stuff. Okay,

Speaker 1  22:14
all right, so let's quickly see here. Then if I'm if it automatically gave me the opportunity to and then, Lauren, you're saying, I'll be able to pop into each breakout room and just pop my head in. Okay, well, how badass is that? Okay? Manage participants.

Speaker 2  22:40
So it should be right in the bottom. It should say

Speaker 1  22:43
breakout room. Oh, it should say at the bottom, okay, share screen, or

Speaker 2  22:48
reactions, or something like that. So we might have to pop out and pop back in.

Speaker 1  22:52
Okay, yeah. So let's give that a shot, everybody. If you can leave the room, I'll end the meeting. I'll restart my Zoom. I'll come back count to 10 and give it a shot. Okay? I'll see you guys right back here at zoom with tim.com Thank.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai