Speaker 1  00:00
Okay, welcome back everyone. Mark, glad that you're here. Thank you so much for your kind words. Jason Pablo, Chris, everyone, thank you so for the kind words. We're going to this next section we're going to aim to wrap up in an hour and 22 minutes, so and right one o'clock Central. So if you need water or something else, take a swig now, because we're gonna, yeah, there we go, Jason. Jason's on it. We're gonna go strong here for slight little bit longer so we can end just right at one o'clock. Okay, great. So we are recording, and I am going to share a tool I invented called the cache clarifier. You're going to see a few Tim Francis originals here. You already have seen a few Tim Francis originals. And, you know, I think that this is, this is probably my zone of genius, is I love to take difficult things, make them simple and also love to present. So we're smashing it all together today, and I get to be my happy place. Hopefully I can help you get to your happy place. So there is a massive difference between sales, sold, earnings, earned and cash collected. And I'll zoom in on this in a moment, once you start getting into it. This is a major learning step. In fact, if there's any one AHA that might come from this course, this might be the biggest this might be, this might be the goggles that changes how you view all of financials. So there's a reason I gave you guys a break before I taught about taught this, because I want you to be fresh and focused on this specific line, like, to the point, like, for the next maybe 15 minutes. If you've got pinging or dinging or ringing or teammates that you're messaging on Facebook Messenger or in office, messenger, let them know you need, like, 15 minutes to, like, really be ultra, ultra focused in Okay? And, yes, I will absolutely enlarge this in just a moment, in just a moment, okay, so I just gotta, just gotta tee it up a little bit here. What we're about to talk about is essentially the difference between what's called cash accounting and accrual accounting. Cash accounting, in fact, I mean, I'm gonna stop sharing my screen all together here, stand up again. Cash accounting. The way that accounting is done when it's on a cash basis is we're looking at revenue is when cash comes in, and expenses is when cash goes out. Revenue is when cash comes in, expenses is when cash goes out. That is how in our personal finance we operate right, like, if you open up your credit card statement or your bank account and you see, and if someone, let's say that you're working for your you know, let's say you're an employee. You see cash come in. You say, I had income, I had revenue, I got paid. Right? It's the end of the month, or it's the 15th and the 30th or whatever, and I had a utility bill happen, where money went out, and that that's how we grow up thinking about money, about income and expenses, okay, and and if you want to Track your business that way, you can, typically, most businesses, your tax accounting is done that way as well. Where the your accountant, when they file your taxes, they will only count things when the cash actually hits the bank account and when the cash actually leaves the bank account. This is a horrible, horrible way to make strategic decisions in our business, horrible, the reason for which is, let's say, for example, I'm trying to look into the past to say, you know, over the last three years, which month has traditionally been our best month in terms of revenue? Right? When? When do we seem to be just like selling the most, doing great, and because that's going to help me for my strategy that's going to inform my marketing, that's going to inform my selling strategy, that's going strategy, that's going to inform the products I create, that's going to inform the team that I hire, the processes that I that I set up, the product I might buy if you, if you're selling physical goods right on and on, all your decisions require you to be thinking accurately about the timing of things. Right? Like, you know, if you if you got a physical goods business, Black Friday is probably and Cyber Monday are probably really big peaks for you. So knowing the timing of what needs to happen when makes all the difference. So let's say, let's say that in my business, I sell something. Let's say that I, you know, so let's imagine scenario numbers. Lo and behold, here we are scenario numbers. Let's say that I'm let's say that I announce board of advisors. Okay, as I mentioned, it's $30,000 is 27 if people prepay and and I say I'm accepting, let's just say, now this part is make believe. Let's say that you can't join until December 1. Let's say you can't join until December 1. Okay, if I now, if I now, take the money now, I will have I'm sorry I said that example wrong. Let's say that the program doesn't start till January 1. Okay, let's say that I take the money now because you've decided to prepay, you want to be you want to get that early bird price. Get a full 10% off and on 30 grand. That's a big deal and and I saw so I sold it now, and I've received the money now, but I actually don't start earning it until January, because that's when you're actually getting the service, well, my whole numbers according to cash accounting, because I received the numbers now, is going to completely skew when it's actually happening, and that may cause me to strategically make a decision that's completely off, right? So I'm going to show you, I'm going to show you an example. Here. I'm going to show an example here. Let's say that there's three people, Shanna, Mladen and Paul. Let's say that. Let's say that it's a 20,000 program, $20,000 program. Let's say that it's October. Let's say that I'm teaching know your numbers. And Shanna says, dang it, Tim, I love, I love what you're talking about. I think you're onto something here. I'd love you to be my guide for the next 12 months. Sign me up. So that means I sold. I got a contract in writing. We signed our terms of service and shook hands on it, and I sold $20,000 in October.

Unknown Speaker  07:49
From there,

Speaker 1  07:51
I got the cash in October, $20,000 and I'm sorry if this is confusing you from my previous example, I should have just stuck to script and just gone straight to this example, this spreadsheet. So let's imagine it's October. Let's imagine it's know your numbers in October. Let's imagine I've announced that we've got room in know your numbers starting in January 2020, Shanna says, Tim, I'm in, signs a contract and pays me $20,000 that means sales is 20 and cash is 20. When have I started earning it? Not until the start of the program and not until the program is complete. So I've earned 1667, which is 112 of $20,000 in January and in February and in March and in April and in May and in June and July, until I've earned all of it in the end of December. Okay, let me just make sure. Good, yes, sales, sold, earnings, earned, cash collected. That's our three swim lanes. Now let's say I've got a second person was also at, know your numbers in October. Also loved what I had to say. Said, Tim, I want you to use my co pilot for the next 12 months guiding me through this financial progress thing in my business. And so he said, Sign me up. We signed the Terms of Service he's in. And he said, you know, Tim, I'm not going to take advantage of any kind of prepaid discount. I'm just going to pay an equal amount, $20,000 divided by 12 payments, 1667, and start me right now. Okay, so I sold $20,000 at the same time as I sold Shanna. So both in October of the year, still haven't earned anything for out of them, because the program hasn't started until January. Cash collected is very different. $20,000 here, 1667, from Aladdin in in, in. October, 1667, in November, December, January, February, March. Off we go. And then his last payment is in September, which kind of makes sense, right? Because he started paying three months before the program, and so that means he would finish paying three months before the end of the program. Third, third situation, same event. It's the Know your numbers in October, this guy, Paul is there, and Paul comes to know your numbers. He sees it. He says, I love what Tim's got to say. I know he's my guy. I'm using right copilot with me for the next year, and I just don't know if I have the cash. I'm gonna have to think about it. So he says, Tim, let's talk in two weeks. Let's talk in November. So we have a conversation in November. He says, Tim, good news, I'm joining the program. I say, Paul, that is fantastic news. I really grateful that that you're joining. We're going to have a great year together. He says, Tim, even better news, I'm going to I'm going to pay early. And not only am I going to pay early, but I want to pay as much as I can before December 31 because I want to write off as much as possible by the end of this calendar, the end of this calendar. And for him, fiscal year, I said, Okay, great. What does that look like? He said, $10,000 today, 2000 in December, and 2000 each month after that, until it's paid off. I said, fantastic. Let's do it. So off he goes. He pays 10,000 we set him up on a recurring payment, $2,000 a month. I still haven't actually earned any of the money from him until the end of January, the end of February, March, April, all the way through. So if we were to summarize the situation, if we were to summarize the situation, and look at my company, profit factory in our sales CRM, it would show $40,000 in sales in October. It would show $20,000 in sales in November and zero in December. $40,000 in sales comes from 20 from Shanna, and 20 from Aladdin, zero from Paul. So 20 plus 20 is 40. That's how that 40 got there. And the sales in November is obviously none to Shanna. We already sold her. We already sold milladon In the previous month as well. Paul though $20,000 so sales, my sales. CRM, that might be Salesforce or Infusionsoft, ActiveCampaign, whatever it is you're using, if you were to run a report, it would show sales of $20,000 here. Then it would show sales of $0 in December. Because we didn't sell anyone new. We'd already sold Paul milladon and Shanna. They'd already all committed. And so there's no new sales there. Now let's say that I was asking myself, geez, I sure did great. I did great at the nheri numbers event. I really was able to inspire a bunch of people. I helped a bunch of people get new clarity, confidence and calm in their business. I should reward myself. I'm gonna go buy a brand new car that's gonna cost me $60,000 and I'm gonna give it to myself for Christmas. And that makes a lot of sense, because I sold $60,000 at the event, I should be able to buy up by that thing cash and be super proud of my progress. Anyone see any problem with

Unknown Speaker  13:19
that? I if

Unknown Speaker  13:27
you do go ahead and unmute yourself

Unknown Speaker  13:31
until the end of the program, you haven't earned it all.

Speaker 1  13:35
That's that is, that is probably the biggest problem of all. Thank you. Brandon, yes. Furthermore, what other problem am I going to run into? So, Brandon, you got you got part one, part two. What other problem am I going to

Unknown Speaker  13:48
run into? The Cash Flow isn't there,

Speaker 1  13:51
right? I've only got this much cash so far, right? And if we use this little Excel trick in the bottom corner, if the screen is too small, you can't see it, if you just highlight certain cells, it'll auto summit for you. And so at the end of December, when I go to buy that new car for $60,000 because that's what I think I've got. And it turns out I've only got $37,001 right, because I've only collected $37,001 so so I'm not even gonna have the cash. And even if I did, I haven't earned any of it, right so if we're making our decisions based on what our CRM software says or our marketing software, we've got a problem right now. Furthermore, if I were to ask myself, geez, you know, if I'm opening up my bank and it's the end of December, and I see $37,000 in there, I might be pretty mad. I might go like, well, WTF, I sold 60. Where'd the money go? Right? And it makes no sense at all. Well, that's because you're thinking in terms of cash, not in terms of accrual. Accounting. The second that you understand that there's a difference between sales, sold, earnings, earned and cash collected, your brain will then flip to accruals, not cash accounting, and at that point, everything makes sense. First of all, secondly, your ability to do analysis goes through the roof, and the accuracy of what you're able to see historically in terms of trends and forecast for the future dramatically expands as well. Like for your consideration, every company publicly traded on the stock market is on accrual accounting, because that is the accounting of decision making. It is not the accounting of filing taxes, but it is the accounting of decision making is accrual accounting. Cash accounting is not cash counting is for taxes. Accrual accounting is for making decisions. Part of making decisions is analysis and forecasting, all the things we're talking about here. Okay, so, like, in a sense, we kind of haven't even gotten into expenses and profit, which we'll take it to like we'll add another kind of dimension to it. But before we go any further, does anyone this is just such a crucial point that sales, sold is different than earnings, earned is different than cash collected. Is there anyone who disagrees or is upset or confused or anything like that. So far, if you are, we really should pick you up right now and make sure we get this cleared up. If not no problem, we'll keep moving and we'll keep building on this

Unknown Speaker  16:56
Going once, going twice.

Speaker 1  17:00
Okay. Now I need to add just a little bit to this. So when it comes to earnings, we would see on something called an income statement, which we'll talk about in just a sec. So you can just write this in your notes for now and then we can point it out later. If we've got revenue, I'll just keep this simple, $100,000 if I've got $80,000 in expenses, I'm going to end up with $20,000 in profit

Unknown Speaker  17:42
now. We're going to get

Speaker 1  17:43
more into this later, but there's a big difference between gross profit and net profit. So this, this is net profit, okay,

Unknown Speaker  17:53
or, uh,

Unknown Speaker  17:56
earnings or net income or bottom line, okay, these are all different words for the same damn thing.

Speaker 1  18:15
Revenue is not earnings. That can be very confusing for us, because when we talk about in our if someone's an employee, an employee will say, What did I earn this month? And so in personal finance, the word earnings can be confused as being an income word, okay. In business, earnings is not revenue. Earnings is net profit, net income, bottom line, any of these words is the same thing for the bottom line this up here, revenue, sales, income, turnover. That's not very common in North America, but in Europe, and even, I think, in Australia, New Zealand, sometimes use the word turnover is revenue, and this is and this is top line, and like, when people say I have a six figure business or a seven figure business, this is the number that they're talking about. Okay, if I have a six figure launch, that's how much revenue I had from the launch, not profit. Massively problematic to confuse revenue with profit, massively math that could it's almost there. Almost couldn't be a larger mistake a person could make financially. There's like maybe three or four. This is one of them, to confuse revenue with earnings. Okay, so, so the thing about these earnings right here.

Speaker 1  20:02
Is this does not mean that we've collected the cash. This does not mean that we've collected the cash, or just because we collected the cash doesn't mean we've earned it, right? So if we go back over here, now, I'll say something that makes no sense in practical rally, but we'll just roll with it, because we're learning today. Let's say that this, let's say that this mastermind that I'm offering here had no expenses. That's insanity. You guys, of course, there's expenses, there's printing things, there's, you know, software, there's renting the ballroom, there's all, you know, there's whatever, okay, but let's just play make it. Let's say sales is here, expenses is zero. Okay, so if I look at this, it looks like I've earned nothing. I'm sorry. It looks like I've sold nothing, and I have sold nothing I've earned. I have profit of $5,001 that I've earned. I've earnings of 5001 every single month, and I have cash collected each of these months. Of these numbers, these are three very different numbers, and this earnings number is after expenses. Okay, any questions before I move on, going once, going twice, okay, all right, okay, so we are. We've looked at the cash clarifier sales, sold, earnings are in cash collected. The next thing for us to look at is the difference between there's two ways I could go with this. I'm waffling. We're going to talk about cash versus cash flow. Then we're going to talk about income statement versus balance sheet versus statement of cash flow, and we're going to talk about something called Scratch balance sheet. And then hopefully we get all that done in the hour we can take a break. Okay, so cash versus cash flow, I'm going to spend, I'm not going to fully, fully go to every detail on this, because we have other learning resources on this, and I did just teach it a few days ago. If there's only one activity you do coming out of this course, it's the following. It's to do a cash flow forecast. Now I will give you this spreadsheet. And this is not speaking about accrual accounting, okay, this is literally talking about cash coming and going from your bank. And I'll give like a five minute overview of it, and then after that, if you feel like you need more training on it, let me know I have a separate recording I can send you to get into the details. Now, part of why I'm really emphasizing this right now is especially in this climate of mass uncertainty, whether you have sales or not, cash is what's going to carry you through. Whether you have earnings or not, it's cash that's going to carry you through. And cash can come from a lot of different places, not just revenue. In fact, there's multiple places cash can come from. A quick example is you could get cash from a bank if you got a line of credit and you borrowed some money, right? That's an example. So, and I'll repeat this. And I know a lot of people on this, on this training, have seen this before, and so that's why I'm gonna go a little quicker. Do not underestimate the power, though, of what I'm about to teach. I will repeat this again. If you do only one thing, if you do only one thing out of this entire course, if you ignore all the other homework, if you ignore all the other templates I send you, if you don't even come to the afternoon of today or day two or day three, this is the single exercise that is more important than anything else, And in navigating the coming 13 weeks, especially in the face of the pandemic that we've got right now. And what we're doing is we're just mapping out, we're predicting, we're looking into the future to see where we're going to be in trouble and where we're going to be okay. So you would adjust the so it's for 13 weeks, which is three months, which is one quarter. And very simply, across the top you're going to put, you can just say the Monday of each week, right? So this is not days, this is weeks. This is week one, week two, week three, week four, week five. And I'll send you the spreadsheet for this. Okay? I'll send you the spreadsheet for this right here. We're simply. Saying, cash out, not sharing. Oh, am I not? Am I not? Okay, thank you. Sharing. Okay, this whole time, I'm like, circling things, and I'm like, really, in fact, like, this is the most important thing, and, no, I don't even have a screen share. I'm so sorry, guys. Well, that's anticlimactic. So okay, so right here, we've got, we've got week 123456789, so for 13 weeks, that's three months, that's one quarter. And here is just like the Monday of each of those weeks. Okay, if you want to do it on Fridays, do it Friday. It doesn't matter, but just pick a day of the week, and that's the day. Then from there in this row, what is our average cash out? So you're going to print out your credit card statement, and you're just going to say, How much money am I normally sending out on a typical month? If you've got some transfers that you do as well, maybe wire transfers or direct deposits, because you're paying yourself, add those in as well. We need to come up with a number. What is the average amount that we're sending out on it on an average month. Now, as you're also looking at that, you're going to want to notice, where do we have one time or occasional expenses that are not a typical thing? So maybe you had a big expense because you had to buy a website. Maybe you had a big expense because you paid for some training, or you got a consultant, or you had someone else in the business, some other expense in the business. It's not a really typical thing. It's a one time or an occasional and you strip those out, okay? So you'll see that I've, let's say it's $10,000 a month. I've got it on the first of the month because that's when I pay my credit card bill. And September 1 falls in this week, so it's there, and October 1 falls in here, right? So I put it there, and we're off to the races. The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to put in those, those occasional, one time expenses I mentioned earlier. We're going to put those in here. Now we're going to put them back. We're just going to put them in here because they're not typical to show up every single month. And I'm going to put the timing of when I think those are going to happen, right? So if I was building a restaurant, when do I think I'm gonna have to buy the commercial kitchen equipment? When is it that I'm gonna have to buy all these flatware? When am I gonna have to make these big investments? When do I have to pay the contractor? And maybe the contractor that's painting is working for me in this week, but I don't have to pay him or her until this week, so I would put the cash outflow in the actual week that the money is actually leaving the bank, not when you committed to it, not when the service was rendered, which would be sales, sold,

Speaker 1  27:33
and that's that's you being sold. That's you being earned. We want to go when you are being cash collected, right? That's when you're going to slot things in. And those of us on the call, there's two people in particular I'm talking to here about big rollouts, of big plans, of big capital expenses, of restaurants and whatnot. You guys know who you are. This could be the life or death to figure out when you need to be raising money, when you need to be borrowing money, how you got to negotiate with your different vendors to push payments out further or pull them in sooner or whatnot. Okay, so then from there, we're going to add in on the cash coming inside. When is cash coming in typically. Right now, I've got two businesses in one of my businesses, profit factory, where we teach, know your numbers, and we do board of advisors, do the cash crunch training, and I do private consulting. A lot of it is pretty predictable. I've got a certain number of clients who hire me at $1,000 an hour, and they hire me for a few hours a month to look over their shoulder, give them feedback, be a sounding board for them, and they're just on retainer every single month, right? So that's really simple. You know? You might say it looks something like this, $3,000 comes in the first of every month from one client. $3,000 a month comes halfway through from another client. It just repeats, repeats, repeats. Now, what? Hey, Tim, what if I have a business that does not have a bunch of recurring revenue that's super flat, predictable, contractually secure, right? No problem. That sounds like my other business, great assistant, where we're selling one at a time, one at a time, one at a time, one at a time. We help entrepreneurs to get an executive assistant that's based in the United States or Canada coming out. States or Canada, coming out of corporate America, looking to work from home for an entrepreneur, just like you and and so someone will pay a one time placement fee to us. That's how we get paid. And then after that, they don't pay us anything, right, unless they get some of our higher end training. But for the most part, most people are just paying us once and then, and then they're gone until such time as maybe they need a second assistant, because their first one first one graduated and got promoted, and now they need to replace them, something like that, right? So in that case, if you've got a lot more kind of, more kind of, like one time purchases, you can still come up with an average you can still say, Hmm, what? Well over the last three months, you know, we sold an average of 12 assistants, and there was no real big peaks or valleys in that. So I'm just going to put down 1212, times, $4,000 each match fee, $48,000 I'm going to put that on the first year, $48,000 September 1 is here, $48,000 October 1 falls here, $48,000 right? So even if you've got one time, you can still get round averages. Now I should also say the cash flow forecast is not meant to have the precision of surgery. It's not meant to land a rocket on the moon. We're not looking to like hit a bullet with a bullet here. Okay? We're looking to in broad strokes. What are the approximate numbers? So I can get an approximate sense of where I need to drill down more, and if I need more precision, I can go get it. But I need it when I'm at this level, the conversation so far off by, you know, five, 10% is probably no problem at all. Now, when I look at my sales reporting, I'm also going to see there's sometimes some some spikes. Maybe it's seasonality, maybe it's Black Friday, maybe it's Christmas, maybe it's Independence Day, or maybe there's a world event that just happened that like coronavirus, and it's like, you know, I've got this huge one time spike of products, because I sell supplements, let's say, and everybody wants anti immunities, they don't get the virus right. So I need to take out those big one time or occasional peaks and pull those out. So I've now just got an average I'm going to add back those one time or occasional peaks down here, and I'm going to put the week that I forecast them happening right, and slot them into the week that I think they're going to happen. So if I've got a launch happening, or if I'm teaching something, if I'm shipping some product, if it's a certain time of year, if I have a promotion partner, something like that, then I can definitely, I can definitely slot those into what I see coming right then that's The hard work. That's all the hard work that there is. There's no more hard work than that. I mean, this whole process is like, maybe 45 minutes, and I'm just gonna, I think, Jason, your iPhone was little, little bit of feedback. We're good now. Okay, good. So that's it. That's all that you'd need to do to forecast the future to see, am I going to have enough cash? You've done all the hard work already, like maybe 40 minutes of looking at a couple statements and a couple sales reports, right? Because then after that, the rest is just math, right? So what, what this weekly cash in and weekly cash out is all that. It is all that it is. Is us simply saying in this week, weekly cash in

Unknown Speaker  32:53
total, right, is $9,500

Speaker 1  32:56
we have $9,500 leaving the bank this week, and we have $10,000 coming in. That's all this is doing. We're just adding up all the numbers in here. That's it. This week here, it's not the sum of everything. It's just this week. It's just literally this week. That's all that it's adding up. And right here, it's just this week. What's all the money going out? That's it. So you can see that each week, we now have weekly cash in, weekly cash out, just for each of those respective weeks. Then from there, the next step is we have net cash for the week. So all that this is is just for this week. If I have total cash in of 9500 and total cash out of 10,000 that means my net cash just for that one week is negative $500 and I can look at any one of these weeks. Let's look at this week. For example, week seven, I've got $3,500 cash in. I've got $0 cash out. That means net cash just for that one week was 3500 positive, because we had 3500 more come in than we had go out. So the next step is we now need to, now that we know our net cash for the week, we need to put our starting bank balance so you're going to put in here the very first week is going to be either today or, you know, this Friday, but some someday, very soon that you're going to start your forecast, you're going to start here. We need to put our bank balance in here. And that's literally like you're just going to go into online banking, sum up all the bank accounts, and just say, What do I have for cash, right? And if you've got multiple banks with multiple bank accounts, you sum it all together, right? Once that's there, we can go to the next step. And the next step is we're going to put in start cash and end cash. So seeing as this is more or less today. The start of week one, and I'm putting in my bank balance for today. You can say this is start cash now I'm seeing a few questions, but I'd like a link to the forecast, a link to the cash flow forecast. You guys watch my screen, and use this opportunity to watch how it works, and then we're going to send you a link later that's going to give you all this. You're not going to have enough time right now to actually put in all of your your numbers and do your homework right now. So we'll get you the link a little bit later. And then after that, it's actually one of your homework items for tonight. Should you choose to accept the invitation to do it, and if you can't do it tonight, no problem. But I do recommend you do it ASAP, hopefully in the coming few days. So we've got our start cash here. And literally, all that this is doing is it's just pulling this number exactly there you're inputting start balance is your start cash flow. We already know that in the coming seven days, our net cash is going to be negative 500 negative 500 and we're going to so therefore we're going to end this week with $4,500 Okay, the next step here is in cash of one week. So at the end of Sunday night, at 1159, 5959 I'm going to have this much money. I'm going to forecast. I have this much money, and as soon as the clock hits midnight, one second later, we're now at the start of the next week, and it's the same amount of money, right? So in cash becomes start cash. Start cash of $4,500 we already knew net cash that week was going to be negative 5000 so 4500 is our start cash. We know the net cash the week is negative 5000 we're going to end the week at negative $500 and cash becomes start cash negative 500 is negative 500 we know net cash for this week is 3000 so our end cash is going to be plus 2500 and cash comes start cash, and Cash go start cash and cash, go start cash, so on and so forth. Now a couple things so number one, I I've actually got an extra step. And the version that you guys are going to get of this spreadsheet doesn't have all these steps. This is just my teaching version. You're just going to get the something that's like this that you can work with, fully complete already, with nothing missing. So now, one objection you might have is you might say, Well, hold on, Tim, hold on. How do I know I'm actually going to have 2500 positive at the end of this week, things might happen. My answer to that is you're absolutely right. You're absolutely right. The further out that you go, the less likely that this number is going to be accurate. In fact, I can pretty much 100% agree that even at the end of the first week, you're not going to have exactly that number. The good news is a few things. Number one, you don't need to be totally 100% precise to the dollar or the penny to figure out where your trouble spots are to be able to do something about them. And secondly, is your cash flow forecast may be way off by week four. Well, guess what? All you got to do is these weeks will be done. I'm just going to hide them for now. What used to be week four now becomes week one. We reset. We fix the start, starting bank balance here, that'll automatically fix the start cash. We're going to update anything here, if this person you know, pays us early, we're going to move that over. If this person is going to pay us late here, then we've moved that back because we've had a conversation with them. They said, I'm hurting for cash. Can we negotiate a little bit later, right? Like, and all you got to do is just keep moving it right? And then from there, everything will get redialed in, and you'll be back on track. And then you'll be able to see, am I still where I thought I was right? So you can continually be updating your cash flow forecast to continue course correcting. And in a sense, it almost kind of is like landing in the moon. Like, you know, landing on the Moon was something that like, what's that expression a rocket ship is off course 99.9% of the time. It just has millions of little adjustments to get it back on course, back on course, back on course, back on course, back on course, back on course, back on course, back on course, until the moment that it lands, and it's exact same situation here. Of course, this out here is very low, likely to be accurate, and this is a little better, and this is a little better, and this is a lot better, and this is pretty dang, pretty dang close, probably within like 100 bucks or something like that. Okay, so let me just unhide those rows. Unhide. There we go. Yeah. So, so what do we have here? Right? What do we have here? And we've got a clear indication of where our business is going to be in trouble versus where our business is perfectly fine. So we know from this cash flow forecast that I'm going to have enough money at the end of week one, I got a red box. Though, at the end of week two, I got to figure out how I can solve that. So as a group, I'd love to hear your recommendations on what are some ideas on how we can fix that and and for now. Anyways, you're not allowed to say, sell more, or any version of sell more like, launch a new product, or go back to current customers and resell them like, so we can't touch. We can't touch, sell more. What are your suggestions? Okay, I'm looking at the comment boxes I'm seeing.

Unknown Speaker  41:06
Do you want us to chat or talk?

Speaker 1  41:09
Let's talk. Let's actually unmute ourselves. And so yeah, Lauren, if you wanna go first, then we'll do Jason, and then we'll do Brandon. So go ahead, Lauren.

Speaker 2  41:17
So you could ask if it was possible to split the commission for number one with week two and three. So this one right here, it would be 20 520 500

Speaker 1  41:29
Okay, great. So let me do a couple things here. So okay, so my to do list, I'm going to going to let me make that bigger. So I'm going to call commission person number one renegotiate to split payment. Great. Okay, so if I take this and let's say they say, Yeah, you know what? No problem, we're all good. This becomes 2500 and this becomes 2500 Guess what? I just I just bought myself, not one week, but two weeks. I just pushed the OH SHIT line, also known as the critical line, or the crisis line. Rather, the crisis line is defined as, where is my first red box. This doesn't matter. Nobody cares that this is okay because you ran out of money. This is the game over line. The game over line is not like, oh, well, down the road it'll be okay because I've got a green box. No, the run out of money line is the run out of money line. There's going to be nowhere for this $2,500 to go, because your business doesn't exist anymore. So the crisis line is the first red box. And so Lauren so eloquently pointed out that if all we did was call this one person to renegotiate, we've been able to push the crisis line out not just one week, but two weeks. We just bought ourselves some time. Okay, who else has a suggestion of something we could do to now push the crisis line from being week three? Can we now push it to week 456? How can we push that a little further without increasing revenue?

Speaker 3  43:27
He didn't do a similar thing with the workshop that you're attending this one here. Yeah, split that over like, like a longer, like term, maybe like 10 months, like $1,000 up, and you might be able to like, or you might be paying like, a little bit more, say, like interests, okay, like that, 10,000 becomes 11,000 But it's spread over 10 payments would be like 1001 like 1100

Speaker 1  44:04
Okay, love that. So I'm gonna combine your strategy with another strategy. Let's say this is an in person workshop I'm attending. It's a high level event. It's $10,000 payment here, and $10,000 payment there. It's like a $20,000 event. Maybe I can say, hey, you know what I just that's just out of the budget now, and what I need instead is I'm still gonna participate, but I'm gonna do the live stream version, which is only $2,000 per payment instead of $10,000 per payment, and I'm gonna split that over a few different installments, right? So let's say I'm gonna do $500 times four, which would give me $2,000 and using your idea right to turn to a payment plan, and this will be $2,000 split over payment plan as well. So let's, let's do that. So this becomes 500 because I've switched from the live event to the live stream. There we go. There we go. There we go, there we go, there we go, there we go, there we go. Okay, perfect, great, awesome idea. Love that turn into a payment plan. We've also got some managing of expenses happening. So that's actually three, that's three ideas back to back there. So workshop I'm attending, I'm going to call them. I'm going to switch to live stream and to payment plan. Okay, great, awesome. What other ideas do we have? So Brandon says call overdue invoices. So that's a really good idea to collect on. AR, unfortunately, it doesn't look like we actually have any of those on this particular screen, which I didn't disclose. I didn't disclose that this is kind of like all the information that we've got so but Brandon, excellent idea. What other ideas do we have? Jason had something. He says, small business loans selling a great idea to get lower rates on, oh, the covid 19 loans, on existing business loans and to ensure cash flow sales slump. One of the things they want is monthly, two years cash flow projections would this sheep irrelevant. I've never applied for an SBA loan. In fact, I'm only now entering the US system. I've only ever been in the Canadian system, and so I'm not sure on what they need. I don't know if they need something like, signed off by your accountant, like a CPA, so I would check with your accountant. I think if you were to provide this to your accountant, though, and say, Look, this is what I'm seeing, I'm pretty sure your account would then be able to, like, translate that into IRS ease to help make that work.

Unknown Speaker  46:37
Okay?

Unknown Speaker  46:40
Second commission is what we did with the first.

Speaker 1  46:43
Okay, good idea. So what's your suggestion? What's the negotiation you're going to propose

Speaker 4  46:48
to them? Well, half isn't going to cut it, so maybe over three weeks.

Speaker 1  46:53
Okay, and how can I sweeten the pot? This person's not as flexible as the first person. They're they're kind of like, well, I don't really know. There's no upside for me. What What could you possibly do or say or negotiate to get them to say yes,

Unknown Speaker  47:09
push better terms on some level to them.

Speaker 1  47:13
And what else can you push? So we've got terms. What else could you push to them,

Unknown Speaker  47:18
all business.

Speaker 1  47:21
So I think you could actually say to them, Look, because it's the box I've highlighted, right? That's what we're talking about, number this one here. Yeah, if someone didn't want to take a split pay, I actually could say to them, I will pay you more if I can spread it out more over time, and if you look at it, look we're plus 2500 so I actually can afford to pay more sooner. I could actually say to them, I won't start paying you in 1234, weeks. I'll start paying you in two weeks, and, and, and, and I'm even willing to pay you more, so I'll pay you. And looks like to this one person, we've got, you know, multiple payments, but I might say I've got, I'll pay you $6,000 in $500 installments, and I'll start sooner. And if someone hears better price and better terms for them, we now actually get the price of terms that works for us too, as crazy as that sounds. So if I just go 500 500 500 500 this is gonna be plus 500 so that's only 8000 and it's two. You get the idea. On we go 3505 3500 500 Am I at the 12345, I think there's one more, so, if not close enough. Okay. So, so isn't that amazing that by knowing my cash flow, I know how I can negotiate with people too, and I might actually be able to pay some people sooner, in a different amount to get them to say yes. So great idea. Great idea to tackle that one too. Our negotiating strategy just became different because we ran into someone who wasn't willing to negotiate the way that the first person was.

Speaker 2  49:16
So this, this might be cheating, because I don't know if you've covered this yet with some of these people, but can you look at bloat in terms of your expenses and see what you can either pause or cut out right up front, because that 10k even though it was weeks before, will have a cascade effect moving forward.

Speaker 1  49:41
Mm, hmm, yep. So even if we haven't talked about bloat yet, which is a very important idea through this course, I think your idea still stands. And I think Mark had a similar idea. So So Mark, given the fact this is your first time in New. Your numbers. Can you speak to me about what, what you think we should do about expenses? And yes, we're a little bit make believe here, and we'd have to just invent some numbers here. But what's your what's your suggestion?

Speaker 5  50:12
Well, you could lay someone off. You could lower your negotiate to lower your rent, any expenses that are not fixed expenses you'd want to focus on, okay? And you want to, you know, just anchor every opportunity. I love

Speaker 1  50:31
that. Okay, so let's say that we're going to lay someone off. What do you think in a business that's doing $10,000 a month? What do you think $1,000 maybe $2,000 that might be laying someone off. Does that sound about

Unknown Speaker  50:45
right? I'll take it. You'll take it. Okay,

Speaker 1  50:49
that's great. And it might be laying someone off. It might be just reducing hours for a few different team members. It might be that. Plus you might also discover, like, wow, I don't need that account for YouTube premium, or I don't need that I stock photo images account, or I don't need to be in that $97 a month online mastermind, one way or another. Well, let's just say we were able to eliminate expenses to the tune of $2,000 So, okay, perfect. $8,000

Speaker 5  51:19
expenses is falling into two categories. You got fixed expenses and then you had variable expenses, right? Agreed variables first and then try to do whatever you can to chip away at fixed expenses by renegotiating,

Speaker 1  51:34
yeah, and I would look at anything recurring, right? Geez. Does that ever have a multiplier? Super fast. Anything recurring, anything anything recurring, like 20 bucks a month, doesn't seem like much until you realize it's $240 a month. And if you're at a, I'm sorry, $240 a year. And if you're at a 10% profit margin, that means you would have to go sell $2,400 to make up for that $240 of expenses, which is the Bloat idea, which we'll talk about later. So thank you, Mark, that's awesome. Let's get one or two other ideas on the table here. Look, we've done a great job. You guys, you've already just from, just from, and I'll pull this up. Our to do list is reduce expenses. And let's say that we found out that we can reduce hours with team members by 1500 and we can also cancel subscriptions to the tune of 500 and that could be a software subscription or a coaching program subscription or something like that. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  52:39
cash in people, paying, paying in advance. Oh, how

Speaker 1  52:43
cool. Is that? What a fantastic idea. That's not that that's still within the rules of the game where we said no new revenue, right? Because guess what? Sales sold is different than earnings earned is different than cash collected. And all we're talking about here is cash collected, right? So if we can just collect the cash sooner, we haven't generated any new sales sold, right? So go ahead, Chris, give me some fictitious numbers of how we might be able to renegotiate to get paid sooner.

Unknown Speaker  53:16
10% off if you pay in advance, 4500 instead of the five.

Speaker 1  53:22
Okay, great. So not only we're collecting sooner, but we're giving them a better deal. So this one right here, we'll collect it. Let's say, let's actually say that it, yeah, let's collect it here, and we'll do $4,000 and then that becomes zero. And this one becomes early as well. I'm guessing, $4,000 now, if you're get taking a whole $1,000 off, you may, you may expect a couple weeks earlier, not just one week, but we'll just roll that for now. Yeah, absolutely. Okay, great. So let's, let's get one or two more solutions in. Let's see if we can get us at least to the end of the like the very, very end of the month. Let's see if we can get five weeks down the road. Let's come up with one or two more solutions. Then we'll move

Speaker 6  54:15
on, changing credit cards, applying for a 0% credit card, which offers a balance transfer up to 12 months, or a lot of them, there's a few of them now that are offering point nine, 9% for 12 months, and just along the lines of what was just previously said, converting some of your higher end programs monthly might be a six month coaching program, cut the monthly cost in half and then change it to a 12 month program, so it allows you cash flow for 12 months gives them more because a lot of these people are going to need support, not just for the next few months for business, they're going to need support, sure, six to 12 months to get their business back.

Speaker 1  55:00
Contract. Great. Okay, so let's, so you gave us a few options there. Let's, let's, let's, let's do one at a time. And let's take your idea of a balance transfer of 0% for seven months, or nine months, or whatever that number was, and let's just put that under the the let's put that under the umbrella of a loan, like getting access to more cash. Here's the thing, you can extend your, your your access to cash by having more cash and or just having access to more cash, which can mean a line of credit, or credit card with a, especially with a low interest rate, or a no, no interest rate for a period, introductory period, or something like that. So okay, great. So let's, let's say how much is on that credit card. Could you just guess or invent something here?

Speaker 6  55:46
Okay, let's just say it was 10,000 but it was earning, okay, 22% that was what my client, she shared 22% on her credit card, and it was maxed out at 10k.

Speaker 1  56:03
Okay, so, so let's just, let's call it a loan, because whether it's a line of credit or a credit card, and within the scope of this business, you can see it's a pretty small business. Do you think maybe a five or $10,000 credit card or line of credit loan or something like that would maybe be the right size?

Speaker 6  56:18
Yeah, you'd want it to match that amount, so and you'd want a little bit more. So I My recommendation to her was asked for 20. They may not give it to you, so you want to ask for the max. So go up. I always say double it. So if Okay, he's got a card maxed out at 10, ask for 20. And we were the certain terms. Now MBNA MasterCards are 0% for 12 months. Now, this business owner was paying the minimum every month, which was the minimum with interest. So paying any extra to pay down the principal,

Speaker 1  56:55
got it. Totally got it. Okay, perfect. So then let's, let's say we asked for 20 and we got 10. Then let's say we got 10 here, and it could be, you know, some kind of a loan, be it friends and family, line of credit, credit card, something like that. And lo and behold, we've now, we've now bumped past this point. And guess what? We can also see that if, geez, if we can figure out this 1500 we actually have eight weeks of runway. Now, I'll ask you if you now needed to go and pivot your business because you are heavily affected by coronavirus, covid 19, and you no longer have the ability to generate revenue the way that you just once did. Wouldn't it be nice knowing that you've got eight weeks to come up with a new program? I guess it's not eight weeks. It's five weeks. You've got five weeks to come up with a new program, get the marketing materials together, promote it, and begin delivering it. And maybe you still want to rush and do it in two weeks, and maybe you can push it out the door in two weeks. But wouldn't it be nice knowing that you've got some buffer space here, that if it doesn't work or nobody buys it, or nobody wants it that you're not at the crisis line. You've got time to pivot, change directions, re promote it in a different way, and probably within a pivot or two, you're going to start generating some new revenue, right? So now this cash flow forecast also helps us in another very significant way. This allows us, and I would say, when I've taught the cash flow forecast in the past, people have been blown away that they can now see into the future to see where their trouble spots are, and can literally go from feeling paralyzed to now having a simple to do list of things to do I forgot to add, negotiate getting paid sooner from I think it was commission number one. Then we also said, get loan, line of credit, credit card, friends, family, something like that for 10k right? This is literally the action plan to create runway for yourself, you're not going to crash and burn in one week. You've now given yourself time oxygen runway to now be able to make the moves you need to make. Because here's what I know to be true, when we are panicked, we are completely paralyzed. Panic equals paralysis. We as entrepreneurs like to think, and we as human beings, period, like to think that we will rise to the occasion more often than not. The truth is that we actually fall to our level of preparedness. That's not my expression. That's Chris Voss. Chris Voss was a hostage hostage negotiator with the FBI, and I can attest that to be true when I've been in crisis situations, whether it be financially or even like some of you know, I once survived a jewelry heist in Las Vegas because I was prepared. I'd done some crisis training before that. I knew exactly what to do, and I was effective. I was thinking and on my feet instead of just being frozen, like some people. When there was literally math men running through the Bellagio. Just think about that. That's a story for some other time. So our level of preparedness means everything. How long did it take us to set up this cash flow spreadsheet? I'll tell you, maybe 45 minutes. Okay. How long did it take us as a group? Which also speaks to the power of community, our seven pillars, mindset, skill set, coaching, community. Fourth pillar as a group, we're able to put our eyes on this and say, Wow, what if you did this? What if you did that? What if you did this? Would you do that? We now literally have the roadmap to clarity and confidence and calm, and now that we're clear, confident and calm, we can now be creative,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:44
calm,

Speaker 1  1:00:46
confident, clear, equals creative to then be able to architect new solutions, sell more if we need to pivot, add partners, fire people, whatever needs to happen, Okay, talk to the government, get an SBL, and whatever we've got runway. This is the oxygen of business. Not a six figure launch, not a seven figure business. None of that other bullshit that gets talked about all the damn time in entrepreneur culture. It's a good process metric. I'll repeat that, but it's not, it's not the bottom line, oxygen in the tank when you're diving into the world of being an entrepreneur. This is why I keep saying, if you do nothing else out of this course, if you decide to not come back in the afternoon or at all, you've now got this tool. I've had multiple entrepreneurs approach me after learning this tool and tell me, it's six businesses now, multi million dollar businesses told me this single tool save their businesses from bankruptcy. Okay, any other questions or comments on this before we move on, let's just see. Oh, go ahead. Oh, Brandon, go ahead. Nope, go ahead.

Speaker 7  1:01:55
No, I was just gonna say it just dawned on me that you know, you could also just make a tough decision about how you structure your business or your courses, and you may have to realize that you have to charge the same amount for shorter times of work that you're able to provide. And you might structure your offering so that you do have enough cash to make things make sense.

Speaker 1  1:02:18
Sure. Yep. Sure it. It literally informs your product mix, your pricing, your hiring, your financing, your operations, everything, 100% through and through. Now also give you guys interesting insight. I've done this exercise, I don't know, dozens of times now, with groups of people. Every single time, the collection of solutions is different. How crazy is and cool is that, like before today, nobody had ever said, What about an NBA credit card for 0% interest balance transfer? Debbie, that's that's a super, super creative idea. I've never heard that before from anybody in one of these sessions. I've I've done it myself. When I was $120,000 in debt myself, I definitely did the best. Definitely did the balance transfer dance through a few different credit cards for a while so but no one had never brought that up before, right? Like someone, someone who is deep on EECOM, said, What if you got, what if you extended terms with Amazon credit for buying inventory? I was like, huh, great idea. I'd never heard that before, right? So there's 100 ways to skin the cat. The bottom line is, we need green boxes, not red boxes, and we need to manage everything to make sure that it all flows together. And we've see green boxes, we can push that crisis line out as far as possible. Tim,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:40
can I share one other point about if it's

Speaker 1  1:03:43
brief, if only only Debbie, if it's very brief, I'm starting to run behind on time here. But please go

Speaker 6  1:03:48
ahead. Okay, if it's possible, apply for two separate credit cards that are 0% balance for one year and you want them both for the same amount of money, roughly, whether it's 10k 15 or 20k and then what happens is that if you need to transfer six months out or a year from one card to the other, they often have offers coming out twice a year. So with my clients that are really extended on credit cards, that's what I have them do. They don't have to pay high credit card fees. They just flip one to the other, and then they carry on paying down the balance. The principal, pardon me, the principal,

Speaker 1  1:04:26
very creative. I love it. Okay, so we're going to move on to a couple more quick tools here. I want to honor our one o'clock Central pause time. And let's just get the right screen up here. Okay, we've done that. We've done that. And, okay. Okay, okay, I wish I had like, five screens. That would just be so amazing. When I had only one screen. I was like, Who needs two screens? That's so nerdy, so nerdy. Then I got two screens. I was like, this is pretty good. I kind of like this. And then after that, I was like, if two is good, what would three be like? Okay,

Speaker 1  1:05:42
okay. Here we go. Okay. Expense Management, super important. Super, super important. When, when we look at cutting expenses, it's usually not the sexiest thing to do, but I'll tell you, it can be one of the most profitable things to do. In case anyone is not aware, the way that you can calculate your profit margin is simply taking the amount of profit which on your income statement. And we'll talk more about income statement in the afternoon, is net income, or bottom line earnings on the income statement, the bottom line earnings, or net income, that number divided by top line, which is revenue. So if I've got $50,000 in profit, that means from $100,000 in revenue, that means I've got profit margin of 50% and if my expenses are higher, if it's $60,000 then that means my profit is only $40,000 and that means that my profit margin would be only 40% right, because 40 divided by 100 is 40% so let's back that up. So that's probably not news to anyone. What is news is the idea of bloat. This is another Tim Francis original. Someone the other day told me that in their office they literally have an expression that's called, oh, it's a TFO. I was like, What's a TFO? So it's a Tim Francis original. I was like, okay, all right, it's a TFO. It is. So the idea of bloat, bloat is what multiple exists in your business that represents how much you'd have to sell to make up for it. So if you think about it, if I get to keep 50% profit margin, that means I'm keeping one out of every $2 that means I have to make $2 to keep one it's the same logic, forward or backwards. I get to keep $1 out of every two. That means I have to make $2 to keep one forwards and backwards. It's exact same logic. So far so good. Thumbs up. If yes, yep. Okay. Brandon, Lauren, yeah, okay,

Speaker 7  1:07:58
good. Repeat the definition one more time. Bloat is equal to what you have to sell to keep

Speaker 1  1:08:04
bloat is what is the multiplier of what I would have to sell to keep $1 bloat is the multiplier of what I would have to sell

Unknown Speaker  1:08:20
to keep $1

Speaker 1  1:08:23
so if I've got 50% profit margin, that means I have to sell $2 to keep $1 so therefore my bloat is two to keep one so if we follow the bouncing ball, this table is A quick calculation of what bloat is at different profit margin levels. So like we said, this is what we just said, 50% profit margin is 2x bloat. If I'm at 25% profit margin, it makes sense, it's 4x bloat. If I'm at 10% profit margin, it's 10 times bloat. Here's the mind bend. If I want to increase if I want to increase profits by $1 I can't increase revenue by $1 I have to increase revenue. Let's say I'm here. Let's say I'm 10x bloat. If I want to keep an extra dollar, and I'm at 10% margin, that means I'm at 10x bloat. That means I have to sell $10 to keep $1 however, if I cut $1 of expense, I get to keep $1

Unknown Speaker  1:09:39
what's easier?

Speaker 1  1:09:41
If I'm at 10% margin, I've got 10x bloat. Is it easier to go sell $10 or can I just find $1 of expense to cut either way, they both drop down to the bottom line is profit. So this gets very, very interesting, very, very quickly. My business is somewhere around 17% profit margin. That means my bloat factor is 5.9

Speaker 4  1:10:09
Okay, at a at a 5.9 bloat,

Speaker 1  1:10:17
if I cut a one time expense of $20 in my business, I will not have to sell $118

Speaker 1  1:10:29
now, I went through my credit card bill. I went through my credit card bill, and I just started like highlighting the stuff I thought I might be able to get rid of doing an expense review is not rocket science. Okay, print it out, or put it on your screen or whatever, and just highlight the stuff that you you're just like, I definitely know I could get rid of that, or maybe I could get rid of that. I should investigate. Okay, I found $250 of recurring expenses. It was like five or six things that if I canceled them, I'd save $250 a month. Now we might say to ourselves, well, whatever, it's just $250 a month. It's not that interesting, not that exciting. That's not $1,000 an hour work that's not worth my time. That's not $500 an hour work that's not worth my time. Well, you tell me $250 a month at 17% profit margin, which is my business, which is a 5.9 bloat factor, that means I will not have to sell $17,647 in the coming year.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:38
What's easier?

Speaker 1  1:11:41
Canceling YouTube premium, uh, canceling schedule once because I already had Calendly anyways for scheduling, uh, dropping the $19 a month membership I had for the Facebook group for entrepreneurs, mastermind whatever, right, you guys. It took me, I think, half an hour to like, go into online banking, download the statement, print it, highlight it, and then it took me maybe another 30 minutes to sit there and, uh, log into, you know, different websites and just cancel my subscription. Like, one of them was for stock music, because I was like, oh, one day I'm gonna be a video blogger. It's gonna be so fantastic I'm gonna need to access all this premium music, because be so good didn't happen, right? So I canceled it. Yeah, people are laughing. You're like, Yeah, I know it is, yep. And 250 Good Lord, $17,647 are you kidding me? I don't have to go sell that anymore because I just got rid of $250 of expenses. Mind blowing. Absolutely mind blowing. Okay, so this is the power of expense management, especially at a time like this. Now, the message here is not stop spending money and stop, you know, and stretch all your payables and call your people and tell them you can never pay them. Like, that's not the message here. Okay, the message is, cut the fat. Be intentional, anything like, if you're not going to be a video blogger in the coming six months in a focused, committed kind of way, get rid of the stock video and stock music subscription, anything that's kind of like a fishing expedition. Let's just get rid of it. We can always sign up later, right? And the other mess, you know? And I'm also not saying you should just cancel everything or delay everything or whatever, because I also know that this pandemic is temporary, like this too will pass. We will get to the other side sooner or later, even if it takes a year, okay, and the relationships that we have now are probably going to be some relationships that we still want to have after the fact. I know of an entrepreneur who told me that what he's doing is he's just canceling his credit cards and letting all the charges fail and and then if he really needs it, he'll re up with them. He'll re register, we get it started up, give them the new credit card number. And I thought, well, that's, I mean, that's efficient in the short term, but what are you doing in the medium and long term in terms of, like, being a steward of the relationships that you have? Like, maybe you'll make it through 90 days from now, but what happens if this thing, you know, this whole pandemic, goes away? It's day 91 and now no one wants to do business with you anymore. We got a bigger problem. We got a bigger problem, right? Okay, so, so let's be lean. Let's be intentional, and let's invest. Let's absolutely invest where it makes sense. There's some there's some areas my business, I've cut expenses every negotiated a few things. There's also some areas of my business where I am, like, spending money, I'm. Spending 1000s of dollars that I was not before, because it just makes sense in within my cash flow forecast and my plans. Okay, great. Well, let's move on to our next our next piece. Lauren, I love timology, yes, indeed. Pablo has got Tim isms t franticism, Franciscan, timology, you guys are awesome. Jason, I'm glad that you are absolutely loving this. I'm glad that you're absolutely loving this. Okay, great. So we've talked about the cash clarify. We've talked about cash versus cash flow. We've talked about bloat and expense management. We talked about a scratch balance, no scratch balance sheet. We can definitely cover that in the next seven minutes. And this is going to be a homework piece, okay, this is going to be a homework piece. So just like we talked about getting clear on your free cash, it's also important that we get to know where what is our State of the Union, what is our State of the Union? And our state of the union is our balance sheet. Now, before we get too worked up about what a balance sheet is and all the rest, let's take a look at even just our own personal finance. Now I'm not going to ask you to share any numbers, so no no stress there. What I'm when we think about our personal finance, we think about our net worth, right? And so if we were to sit down and drop a net worth statement, we would probably say something like, what kind of assets do I have, what kind of liabilities do I have, and then whatever's left over is, whoops. Let me back that up. Is my net worth. So if I've got a house, if I've got a car and I've got some cash. This is my personal finance here. Not my business, okay? This is my personal finance liability. Now, often, not always, but often an asset will often have a liability, right? So a house might have a mortgage, a car might have a car loan, cash doesn't have a tied liability, but maybe I've got a credit card and maybe I've got a student loan. So if I add this up, let's say, let's say the house is worth 300

Unknown Speaker  1:17:41
let's say the car is worth 30. Let's say I got 20 in cash. Added up. I've got $350,000 of assets, liabilities. Let's say I've got 150 on the mortgage, car loan. Let's say I've got 20 on the credit card. Let's say I've got 10 and on the student loan. Let's say I've got 20.

Speaker 1  1:18:13
Add it all up, I've got $200,000 in liabilities, and so my net worth is simply assets minus liabilities, equals $150,000 that's my net worth, right there. So far. So good. Thumbs up. If, Yes, yep. Brandon, Yes, yep, Mark, yep. Lauren, good. Awesome. Okay, net worth, awesome. So in business, we have the exact same thing. We've got the exact same thing. We just use some different words. Instead of net worth, we use the term equity. So when you hear about equity in a business, that's what is the net worth when you take assets and subtract liabilities. So what the homework is going to be is to come up with a scratch balance sheet. So I say scratch because it's just kind of, we're scratching pen on paper, cocktail napkin. Type mathematics here. Okay, I don't need you to, like, call your mortgage company and say, you know, as of March 23, 2020 what's my loan amount remaining? We don't need to do that. We just need an approximate idea of of each of these items at personal assets might include a boat. Might include stocks, mutual funds. Might include rental real estate that you've got. Liabilities might include if you've got a personal loan with anyone liabilities, any other debts. Okay, so that's homework piece one, and that gives you a sense of where you stand. What is the State of the Union a net worth statement is that, what is the state of the union of your personal five? Finance, and when you think about it, the State of the Union where we've arrived to financially for ourselves is actually the sum of every decision we've ever made. If you chose to have a job in high school, there's a good chance that your student loan is smaller if you chose to get a car during college, there's a good chance your car that you have a car loan, and it might be higher, right? If you chose to go to the movies yesterday, there's a good chance that your cash is lower or your credit card is higher. Every decision you've ever made in your entire life, financially, including any gifts you've been given, inheritances, any financial piece of your life has come up to this moment. And this moment is your net worth. Statement of March, 23, 2020, which is today, and this will be different in a week, because you will have purchased some things in your credit card, maybe spent some cash, maybe you'll have made a mortgage payment, right? So I'm sorry, a mortgage payment over here, maybe the market will have gone up or down, right? So it's all very fluid, and it's always as of

Unknown Speaker  1:21:23
as of,

Speaker 1  1:21:24
whatever the date is that we're doing this so as of March 23 2020, and by tomorrow, it's going to be different. Okay, just understand, though, that your personal net worth statement is as of this date here that you've you've chosen, and it's, it's not just this is not just the last week or the last month. This is since the beginning of your financial life. As old as you are is how old this net worth statement is? It's since inception. It's since the beginning of time. And hold that thought, because that is a very important part that we're going to take into the afternoon. So it's one o'clock now, I'd like to take two minutes. I'd like to hear what is your main takeaway from the morning session of day one of know your numbers. Let's go around the ring. If each person could share their number one top takeaway, that would be fantastic. Go ahead. Do

Unknown Speaker  1:22:23
Yeah, I'll go,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:24
okay, Brandon, go ahead.

Speaker 7  1:22:26
So the Bloat calculator was amazing, and the idea that it's far easier to negotiate or cut an expense in order to not have to sell so much was an awesome eye opener. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:22:45
Most welcome. Most welcome. I'll just reiterate that for me, the cash flow, understanding the cash flow on a day to day basis, and being able to see project the future that like creates so much more safety and certainty for me, because right now, all of my clients are holding their breath and not spending money. Yeah, they will make money, and they'll release that once they see how many people are paying rent, but they're all they've all frozen. So if I can figure out how to survive the cash crunch over the next several, next few weeks, and maybe even get the SBA loan, which maybe takes, I don't know, six to 10 weeks. And if I can map this all out, then I'll have a very clear picture that'll make me feel very comfortable so and then I really liked the just the mindset shift of understanding like, like was just mentioned that the expenses, it's in my entrepreneurial brain. I was like, Well, I just need to make this do one more sell, and it'll pay for this new thing that I've got. And it for in my business is probably at least I need to make 10 times that amount in order to do that is closer to reality. It's a big shift for me psychologically. So big time. And Jason, what if? What if you introduced your clients the idea of the cash flow forecast so they could have some safety in their own brains, and maybe they'd be more relaxed, and they would spend some more money with you, right? So, yeah. And on that note, if you want me to show up and teach your people. I'm more than happy to do it. I'm on, I'm on, like a rampage right now to teach anyone who will listen about the cash flow forecast, because it's just so essential right now. Let's do an event. Let's do it. I love it. Okay.

Speaker 5  1:24:34
How relevant This is to the times we're in right now. I mean, we all need to be thinking this way.

Speaker 1  1:24:43
I agree. Thank you, Mark. Thank you, Brandon. Brandon, can you? Can you note that it almost looks like Deb has horns right now. It's yeah, that's perfect.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:58
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:25:00
Yeah, that's great. Well, while we've got the spotlight on you Brandon and you Deb, would you guys be willing to share what your your top takeaway from the morning was the Bloat

Speaker 8  1:25:09
calculator for me, because it's always like, when things aren't looking good, it's like, I'm just gonna go sell more shit and and it's so much harder to look at it that way. And we've done this six months ago, we did trim massive expenses, and it's like, all right, bloat needs to be poked again. And like, what Mark said, it's an amazing time to do this. It couldn't be a better time to do this in your business.

Speaker 1  1:25:32
Yeah, we scheduled this training nine months ago for it to happen these three days. It is so spooky, crazy, weird, that it's actually happening right here, right now. So and congratulations to everyone on this call for having the, you know, the foresight to join this training. I mean, like you said, the timing couldn't be any better. So go ahead. Deb,

Speaker 9  1:25:55
the Bloat thing was mind blowing, because again, I come into just sell more, and that will solve all the problems. And another thing that was really interesting for me is I have been really unconscious. This is one of the reasons why I'm here, is I was letting him do all the finances, and I haven't really taken responsibility for that area, because I was just focused on making the money. And it was interesting for me to see that intuitively, what I was feeling anyways, when you were putting it out in the spreadsheet, I was like, Oh my gosh, I am correct. It was just that I didn't have the actual hard facts and data. And now that I have that, and I'm going to take responsibility for it, I can make much better decisions, and we'll also be much more aligned. So thank you

Speaker 8  1:26:39
unearned revenue too. That's what you were saying. Yeah, unearned revenue was a big one. I was

Speaker 9  1:26:43
always like talking about that's not our money that, and he's we had a big disagreement about that. Haven't done those trainings yet. That is not our money

Speaker 8  1:26:52
because we take deposits and we also have people on payment plans. So we need to bring the payment plans expected revenue over the next 12 months and add that into our, our cash flow statement for sure. Yeah, that was huge.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:04
Very cool.

Speaker 8  1:27:09
Yeah, I would agree with that. Last thing you guys just shared, being someone that runs an event company, very similar with deposits and all that. And then I also really appreciated your Tim isms, from a marketing and branding perspective, I appreciate the way you're teaching this course, because it helps me to think about how to craft proprietary language for some of the things that we share with our community. Yeah, so all of it's been great. Here's another one for you I just put in

Speaker 1  1:27:41
the chat. Let's take a look. Yeah, thanks. When everything in your worksheet is orchestrated properly, you're experiencing a timpney, oh, that's That's amazing. Go ahead,

Speaker 2  1:27:53
Laura, I'm gonna share real quick, because I have to hop off to a team call that I scheduled during the break. But I loved that you brought back to mind the decision matrix, which was awesome. And I hope you go more into that sometime during these next three days, and Warren Buffett's three the upside downside. Can you handle the downside? That was really great perspective, too. So those were my, my new my new learnings that are renewed learnings that I'm excited about. So, good morning.

Speaker 1  1:28:23
Awesome. Good morning, awesome. Thank you. Great. Yeah, and if someone has to jump onto team call, I don't blame it all for having to go. We're going to reconvene at let's would 215 work for everyone? Yeah, 215 Central. Okay, great. So I'd love to stick for a couple more minutes, just here, a couple more comments. If you got to go, go ahead. We'll just be back at 215 I'll take maybe three more reflections from the morning, and then we'll take a full break here. So

Speaker 4  1:28:52
yes. So one thing that occurred to me, I see a lot of people using leveraged money, you know, like Keith talks about other people's money, using that to really grow your business fast, I've seen is like, I've had my one dental practice since 2008 and I actually do the extreme opposite. I'm way overly prepared, and just hardly six months ago, I opened two more because I got them for like, 300k ridiculous amounts of money, and then I took a 300k loan. That's all the loans I have and how much I don't leverage other people's money and loans because of the fear of, like, even now the 270k I left, I'm trying to pay it off fast, because I don't want to have any debt, but I can't grow as fast, so being comfortable with other people's money, paying interest and growing, I'm kind of getting to the point where three offices I can grow to more, but I have to use other people's money and be okay with paying interest on it, so I'm. Very Indian the way I do things like, I pay cash, I don't spend until I have the money and 300,000 loan, was like, Oh my gosh, I'm taking, you know, a loan for the first time in like, years. So it sounds stupid, I know, but it's I'm on the extreme opposite. I played very, very safe, and I'm not growing as fast,

Speaker 1  1:30:19
well and and and I think there's pros and cons to everything, right? If, like, loans are your enemy in in a down market, right? In a down market, loans are your enemy because they suck up all your cash flow with interest payments. And especially, like, I bought my house at the absolute peak, and that that loan stayed the same, even though the value of my house went through the floor. It's 12 years later, and my house is still not anywhere near what it was worth when I bought it in 2009 in fact, the loan amount that remains on the house is now basically what the market value of the house is after 12 years of paying the mortgage, right? So in a down market, like leveraged money is the enemy. In an up market, leveraged money is your friend, and where most real estate investors get themselves into colossal amounts of trouble. And this is such a beaten path that it's like you could basically name it, the real estate investors like death row is refinance, refinance, refinance, refinance, refinance, more and more and more and more property. And it's great, as long as the economy is strengthening and interest rates stay stable or improve the second there's a correction in the price. Though, now they don't have one house that's that's lost 20% in value. They have 50 houses or 10 houses that have all lost 20% value, and now they have no way to pay it all back. They have no cash flow to cover the difference, and they go bankrupt. That is the real estate investor bankruptcy Boulevard of Broken Dreams, over and over and over and over and over again. So, you know, so it's so I would be more gentle with myself if I were you. You had a lot of downside protection by funding yourself out of cash flow instead of out of loans. And tomorrow, today, we'll touch on some tomorrow, we're going to talk about something called a statement of cash flows and the different kinds of ways that we get cash. You've been very OCF heavy, which has been very protective of downside risk, and you're talking about becoming more FCF heavy, which is riskier, okay, but does a lot for faster growth. So thank you for your comments. Let's get one more here before I head off to lunch along with everyone else.

Speaker 3  1:32:40
So for so for me, one of the things I look at is like, you've really hit on, like, the whole idea of like finite game versus infinite game, where, like the goal, like the last, like little spreadsheet that you went through is to basically stay in the green, right? Or stay in the game when it comes to your business, because once it's game over, right? It's kind of like playing a game. Once you have game over, now you can't play the game anymore, so the longer you can play the game, and the longer you can, like, be in the green will allow you to come up with, like, creative, innovative ways to deal with current situations that you're you're going through with regards to that. And I love how everyone kind of inputted their their own little creative creativity and innovation of how to do things that allowed for the discussion to find solutions to that. So thank you to the beautiful 100%

Unknown Speaker  1:33:58
Yes, awesome, fantastic. Yeah,

Speaker 7  1:34:01
yep. Something real quick. I'll be super, super brief. Okay, so as a coach and habit coaching and in personal training, the idea of bloat actually applies to diet and it applies to habits, what you always has more impact than what you try to add. So a lot of people try to always add one more thing to what they do, but actually it's what you cut out of your daily routines, or what you decide to cut out of your diet that actually will give you a greater impact. Some people think add an hour of cardio when they could cut out whatever it is during the week that they know they shouldn't be eating, they would reduce even more calories than what they would earn by getting that cardio. It applies there as well.

Speaker 1  1:34:46
You can, you can smash that pizza in 15 minutes, but it takes like four hours of cardio to make it back

Speaker 7  1:34:54
exactly, exactly. So it actually works really well with habits. Is what you cut out all. Always has a greater impact than what you add in

Speaker 1  1:35:03
very cool, amazing, well, fantastic session this morning, my friends, this has been fantastic. I'll say fantastic one more time to really bring the trifecta together. And 215 Central. I'll see you back here and come ready to rock at 250 and I'll be back on 210 or so. Talk to you soon. Have a great lunch. Yeah, you're welcome. See ya.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai