Speaker 1  00:01
Matthias, good morning everyone, and welcome to day two of know your numbers. We covered a ton of thrilling stuff yesterday, and what I'm going to do is I'll just provide a very brief summary of some of the topics that we covered. And from there, I'd like you to maybe pick out the item that really is standing out for you now that you've had a night to sleep on it. You've had that REM sleep at least, I hope you've had some REM sleep to be able to process that short term to long term memory. You've had an opportunity to maybe think about how it sits in your business, and maybe you've even dreamt about financials. Wouldn't that be exciting? It's one of the best topics to dream about. Deb's, like, no, Deb Yeager is like, I don't think so. That's great, awesome. So, so yesterday we covered we started with looking at a few of the misunderstandings that are out there when it comes to financials and entrepreneurs. I'll actually share my screen here so that we can look at this together. We took a look at this is from the main workbook. If you remember this from yesterday. We took a look at the difference between, I'm sorry, one thing before that. We took a look at the five levels of 8020 we took a look at how what we're learning in this course is definitely level four level five conversation, and it's pretty critical, because it's tough to solve a problem with the wrong tools, or even the wrong toolbox, or maybe inappropriate toolbox, would be a better way to say it. And certainly when we're in level four level five, we're in a leadership role. And so if we can make the clear decision about where we need to go next in our business, now we can deploy the appropriate manager, skill manager and skill level tools so that we can get It's like that old expression, like, at least 50% of getting to where we want to go depends on where we are. It's almost like, you know, yes, the Cheshire Cat in Alice Wonderland famously says to Alice, Which way would you like to go? And she says, well, so he says, where'd you like to get to? Which way should I go? And she says, Well, I don't really know. And he says, Well, I guess it doesn't really matter which way you go, right? And so that gets a lot of love and attention in terms of having goals, right? I think, you know, a big piece that is not often identified is just being clarity, being clear on where we are right. And so it's equally as difficult to know which way to go if we don't know where we are today, right? So the goal gets all the love in pop culture and and yet we take for granted that sometimes we don't know where we are presently, and knowing our numbers is as much about knowing where we are presently as where we want to go. So being clear at that level 405, executive and investor level gives us the opportunity to get clear on where we are and to make some very strategic CEO level decisions about where we're off to. We also talked about the level one personal, even amidst all the madness that's going on, I know yesterday, I still went on a six mile bike ride, and I still got in across at work. Out those of you who've been to my place, some of you have I've got this beautiful balcony that's on the 15th story, and it overlooks the river the lake downtown Austin, and so I've got a little workout center out there now. So pretty badass place to be working out, which is exciting and beautiful. And I also I did my visualization. I've got these amazing coaches that helped me with keeping my mindset right, and so I still did my visualization, I still did my journaling, and still got at least six hours sleep. So for me, that was a win amidst all the madness to keep things, keep things moving, keep things on track, even around personal care, not the seven hours plus I'd like, but I'll tell you, relative to where I used to be in life, much, much, much, much better. Huge, huge, huge leap forward. We briefly touched on the Francis filament, which is a little bit more about management than it is about financials, but it does heavily impact talking about dashboards, which is something we'll talk about later. Dashboards being how do we lead our business by the numbers? And so which numbers do we need to be looking at in what frequency, and that's where the Francis filament intersects with what we're doing here. We talked about the grand misunderstanding. So we talked a lot about what is true progress. Oftentimes, entrepreneurs talk about, you know, the heroism of making money and losing money, and making money and losing money and going up and down and down and up and down. And I shared that, in my view, true progress is not about as you see in this left column, sales or how big your launch was, or business size, or clicks or lists or followers or staff size or square footage, or number of businesses you own, or awards and. Uh, that, in fact, there's really only four metrics that represent true progress, that this up and down and up and down, and up and down. That's distance displacing is a straight line. But even more important than that, I says, How much altitude have we gained, and how much altitude we've gained, to me, is true progress. I took a few minutes to absolutely skewer and decimate the Inc 500 Awards, which was very satisfying. Hopefully you found that to be as invigorating as I did, because it was very satisfying. It's not typically a conversation that a lot of people are excited to have, because so many people are just excited about top line revenue. So now that you guys are part of the secret club that knows about true progress, we can secretly celebrate true progress amongst ourselves and hopefully spread the good word to help other entrepreneurs to see the light as well. So what is true progress? We talked about free cash, earned and not committed. We talked about market value equity. We talked about lives impacted and in our fulfillment. Lives impacted being external and fulfillment being internal market value equity. We talked about the difference between market value versus book value. Book value being what does the government's rules say around how we value assets and liabilities and how market value is different markets what? What's reality? How are you actually going to get paid? What? What amount of money could you actually make if you sold these assets and or took care of these liabilities? And that is true progress, because if you'd ever go and sell your business, then that's what you would actually get for all of it, right? Free cash, we talked about, what is the difference between general cash, or total cash and free cash, we talked about how to find out our true cash. We I'm sorry, our free cash. We need to take total cash. There's some things we need to subtract. You need to subtract unearned earning, unearned revenue, committed costs, any deposits, any ultra short term debt and payables. So free cash is something that's pretty much never talked about, and yet it is really the only parts that we can touch. We had some really insightful commentary from some folks on the on in the group here today that talked about how, you know their industry, especially like event industries, information industries, or doing like masterminds, that there can be a lot of there can be a lot of unearned revenue in those businesses that get spent, and it's a real, kind of tenuous place to be because we're spending money that we have not yet earned. We talked about tax accounting versus entrepreneur accounting, and we talked about the difference of what our accountant gives us versus what we like, how we need to now take that and go do the second half of the circle. So I drew you a circle, and the first half is that you're taking you're making decisions and taking action which leads to transactions, which leads to your accountant, bookkeeper, submitting a tax return on your behalf, and then from there. Now know your numbers helps you do the second half of the equation, which is missing for most entrepreneurs, because we didn't even know that it was missing. And even now that we do know that it's missing, we're only just now learning what does it mean to do the second half of the circle. And so that's where we're getting numbers around the situation. We're putting in this entrepreneur accounting second half of the story, and being able to make clear decisions by the numbers and lo and behold, usually, when we make decisions based on something, that's what grows and so if we're making decisions based on what's going to if, if we need to make decisions based on what's going to maximize revenue, Then we're going to do things like clicks, and we're going to be focused on things like writing a book and all these other revenue related metrics, whereas if we say, well, actually my focal point here is on true progress, then my focal point will be on probably things like, how do I maximize Cash? So that's the difference between tax and entrepreneur accounting, and also that tax accounting is like this massive phone book, 1998 Yellow Pages sized book that an that a tax accountant needs to know, and that's for them to know. They can learn the tax code for us, we just need to learn how to actually operate and run the business, and know how to finance it, and make sure that we're clear on making sure that our runway is good. We talked about cash versus accrual accounting. We talked about how cash accounting is simpler. It's really intuitive. It's how our personal finance operates, and probably how we've operated our personal finances as long as we've known about money in our lives, we've been thinking about things in terms of cash accounting,

Speaker 1  09:42
and a lot of businesses when they're smaller, will do cash accounting, and in their first beginning, will do cash accounting. And one of the compelling reasons to do cash accounting, not only is it easy to understand, but it's also less expensive because it requires less labor from bookkeepers and accountants. I. Um Like, and if a business is only doing $50,000 in revenue, sometimes there's really not even that many payables, and there's not that many receivables, and there's not that much activity, we can kind of keep it all straight in our heads. And it's there's not as much analysis going on, there's not as much complexity in the business. And so kind of running by cash can actually be a good choice if it's if things are small and simple and in the beginning, as a business grows, you know, now we've got, you know, maybe multiple clients. We've got a lot more money coming and going. We might have even multiple products, multiple locations. We start having more and more teammates who are involved in the business and it and we need to run the business more and more by numbers. And that's where having accrual accounting is absolutely crucial. It's like basically non negotiable at that point. We need to be on accrual accounting, and we need to be able to see the big difference between the two. And as we looked in this graph from yesterday, we have the exact same set of transactions with which are just recorded. It's the same transaction, same time frame. Everything is the same in terms of the operation of the business. The only difference is the red line is if we're looking at this from a an accrual accounting perspective, it's exactly flat, right? And so therefore not creating all kinds of like heart attacks in the business unnecessarily. And the blue line is the exact same transactions and timeline in on a cash basis. And now it's like, oh my god, huge heaves, Big ups, big downs. We can create a lot of panic in the business unnecessarily. We also talked about, oh, we already talked about cash versus free cash, and we talked about the difference of cash versus cash flow, and we took a look at the cash flow forecast. I mentioned that if there's only one thing that you do out of this business, there's only one module that you remembered or learned, and even if you decided you weren't coming back in the afternoon of day one or day two at all, or day three at all, that that the cash flow forecast is the spine. It's the backbone. It is the critical piece that makes sure that you are, that you're going to stay in business, even in the toughest of tough times, or if you're going to run out of out of money, you can do something about it ahead of time, as early as possible. And if, and if that still isn't going to keep your business afloat, at least, you know it as early as possible, so that you can cut your losses ASAP. And I'm sure we've got stories. In fact, I know that we've got stories even within this group of businesses, where as soon as you realize that it just wasn't sustainable anymore, that you know that that it became time to just wrap up the business and to know that that's the case as early as possible, so that we can preserve whatever capital is remaining and and help everyone involved, from customers to teammates, to move on to the next thing. Responsibly as early as possible, the cash flow forecast can help you do to do that too, so that you're making the best even of a bad situation. We talked about the difference of sales, earnings and cash. We talked about the cash clarifier, which is another Tim Francis original. Talked about the difference of sales, sold, cash, collected, earnings, earned. That is three completely different swim lanes. And this really became a big deal when we started doing our diamond financials, and we started seeing that we could have, for example, depreciation was an example of where we had cash moving, even though the earnings part was different, it was like different numbers, right? And we ended up having to kind of really split in our brain the difference between sales sold, cash collected, and earnings earned. We also talked about what is an income statement, and we talked about balance sheet and and then there's also a statement of cash flows. So a big misunderstanding for entrepreneurs is the difference between income statement and a balance sheet. We talked about the balance sheet is since inception. It's like your personal net worth. It represents the true health of the business, and that there, there is on the balance sheet is where we see the difference between book value and market value. We talked about income statement is for a time range, right? And so whereas that balance sheet for the Hudson's Bay Company was 350 years old, the quarterly income statement for Hudson's Bay Company would be 90 days. Most entrepreneurs obsessed with the income statement, especially revenue, top line revenue. We talked about margin. We talked about bloat. We talked about how powerful it is to remove $1 of expense that every business has a multiplier. The bloat multiplier is what, what x do you have to sell to be able to to have that, that $1 of expense, and so. You've got a 20% margin in your business. That means you have a 5x bloat. That means if you want to keep another dollar, you have to go sell five times that. So it also means that if you cut $1 of expense, you don't have to go sell 5x that. And I showed you an example of how in my business, at about 17% margin I had, I discovered $250 of recurring expenses on my credit card statement, which was $250 $240 I'm sorry, $250 a month, multiplied out mult by my bloat and by 12, because it's an annual it's a monthly expense. It just keeps happening every every single month. And it worked out to like 17,200 or so dollars in expense, in sales that I'm not going to have to do because I found just $250 a month to eliminate from my expenses. I didn't share this expression. This is a very famous, long standing sell expression. This is not a Tim Francis original, okay, I like to give credit where credit is due. And this is literally unknown. I've searched it on Google, and it's that sales is vanity, profit is sanity, cash is reality. Now I would probably go another step beyond that. Sales is vanity, profit is sanity, cash is reality. We got to go another step beyond that and say free cash is what you can actually touch so, so we can take that to yet another step, good. So a quick update to that. I encourage you to actually join our know your numbers Facebook group. It is for graduates of the Know your numbers program, and that's just@facebook.com forward slash groups, forward slash k, y n online, and I'm going to open that up on where did it go? Let's just pull this down here. Not sure why that didn't open. Well, when it as it's taking a minute to open. Let's just keep this summary going. So as a summary, we also talked about the seven pillars of success. We talked about skill set, mindset, coaching, community, tools, strategy and environment and how, if you want to be successful at anything, we can usually diagnose our situation by saying, how is my skill in this area? How is my mindset, how are my tools, how is my strategy, right? Do I have a coach? Do I have a community? And how's the environment that I'm trying to get this done in? And that's a big reason to why we have this ongoing Facebook group for free, is it's a community. It's a community for graduates of know your numbers. It's one of the seven pillars for us to have ongoing success. Is the requirement of community people that we can we can ask quick questions to get guidance, maybe also places we can go to get help right places we can cry on someone's shoulder, celebrate victories when times are good, and ask for recommendations. It's a really, really, really powerful, powerful, powerful part of us being successful is having great community. So I recommend you head over to Facebook, to that link right there and add yourself in, and we'll get you added in sometime tonight or tomorrow. We'll go in as administrators and bring into the group we talked about environment. Environment. There could not be a more perfect example of environment than the pandemic we're dealing with right now. You know, there's a great expression. This is from Warren Buffett. He says, when the tide goes out, you find out who's been swimming naked. When the tide goes out, you find out who's been swimming naked. And I'll tell you, back in 2010 I was swimming naked. I had four properties. I had, I had acquired them with mostly none of my own money, and I thought I was a superstar, that I had these four properties, and the tide went out, the market went away, prices fell, and I was left scrambling, and I was like exposed for what a rookie investor I was, I'd gone to a couple seminars, and I, you know, you know, and like, I don't mean to sound too critical of myself. I mean, I was young, I was ambitious. I was really going for it, so, you know, so I'm not angry. I was angry, then I was frustrated, then I was very embarrassed then. And so, you know, sometimes we just don't know. Now, sometimes also whether we know or we don't know. Unfortunately, sometimes experience can be a tough teacher, and with the collapse of the 2000 in 989, 10 financial markets, you know, you really find out quickly

Speaker 1  19:37
what different people's level of skill is, what their level of preparedness is and whatnot, and so you know right now with what's going on in our pandemic, in our environment, like what worked 14 days ago, what was even like legally allowed 14 days ago is completely different today in a lot of areas, like, if you had an events in. Industry business. So like Pablo sharing that his part of his businesses, they create in person experiences like dinner parties and other events for for businesses to help them network and to help them to wine and dine their top clients and whatnot. Well, goodness gracious, when social distancing is imposed in the environment, because there's this illness in the environment that completely changes what Pablo can and can't do right look at this course that we're in right now. It was supposed to be in person in Austin, Texas, at the Westin Hotel downtown. The environment shifted. And so what became possible shifted as well. I love the analogy that Vince pine has in his book, Antony elephant. And he talks about how, if there's an ant, this little, tiny, little baby ant on a massive elephant's back, if that ant walks, you know, two feet to the east. It really does not matter if the elephant that it's on is walking two miles to the west, that ant can walk all it wants to the east, if the elephant it's on is going to the west, that ants going to the west. And that's what I mean by environment, if, if we've got a pandemic, and absolutely nobody, you know, if no bars or restaurants can be open and you own a bar or restaurant like the environment shifted. And I think that we, I think environment is rarely talked about in entrepreneurial circles. It's very talked about at level five. Investor, at level five investor, it is very, very, very talked about, right? That's why we always hear, you know, investors talking about interest rates and the price of gold and the price of oil, like they're always talking about, what's the environment that we're operating in? And we entrepreneurs, we're oftentimes down here talking about what's happening with Facebook ads. And rarely are we talking as much about level four executive like, what am I seeing coming down the pipe for internally in the business and then externally in the environment? And so through, through our course scenario numbers here we get an opportunity to expand our ability at that. We also talked about, we also talked. We also looked at a few very, very interesting, just spreadsheets that I had. I showed you the blue calculator, which you got to see. We looked at the cash flow forecast, which you got to see. We took a look at cash versus accrual accounting. We took a look at paying bills sooner versus later, right? How the exact same set of transactions, if you paid every day, versus once a week, versus once a month. And then we also got into our diamond financials. How do you organize an income statement, a balance sheet and a statement of cash flows, so that you can actually now see how all these documents work together? And we made it through the first four or five builds of actually seeing what happens and how all the documents interact, and we were progressively adding more and more pieces along the way. So that's what we covered yesterday. Oh my goodness, like when it takes 1520 minutes to cover a single day's worth of content, that is a sign that we got a ton accomplished. We got a ton accomplished. You, you guys should be proud of yourselves. You've learned more in one day than what? A lot than what will stick for most business students after a four year degree, which is truly breathtaking. So I really commend every single one of you, and I noticed that as far as I could tell, absolutely everybody attended every single session from the beginning of the end, except for poor Quinn, who got locked out. I'm so sorry about that again, Quinn and my hat really goes off to everyone. I mean, I know it can be a long day to be sitting in front of a zoom call for you know, from 9am until 6pm and yet you guys, you guys, absolutely crushed it. So way to go. Hey, Tim, Yep,

Speaker 2  24:06
sorry to interrupt. You didn't make me a co host, since Desiree is locked out.

Speaker 1  24:11
Ah, okay, good. Thank you very much. Let me just take care of that. Denise, let me get you made a co host. There you go. You are all set to go in three, two and one. Awesome. Okay, good. So I'd like to hear, let's get maybe three, three or four quick shares of where are we this morning. You know now that we've done a recap, what, what jumps out at you, and everything that you learned, what jumps out at you in terms of, like, any new insights that you had, maybe, maybe you had shower thoughts as well, which is where I get all my best ideas.

Unknown Speaker  24:43
Where are we? Who'd like to share?

Unknown Speaker  24:49
I'll share.

Speaker 1  24:50
Okay, Laura, good morning. Good morning.

Speaker 3  24:56
I'm so glad you brought up the ant and elephant, because I read that years ago, and it. Such a great, I think, perspective. And I was also, I'm reading a new strategy book right now, and it's, it's talking about the waves of change, and how, like these waves of change are what create the new high ground where companies get a competitive advantage. And so I think that that relates really well to finances and getting everything in order so that you can I mean, the analogy I'm using for my clients is ride the wave rather than be crushed by it. And so I think that analogy was awesome. So thank you for sharing

Speaker 1  25:38
that. Yeah, you bet. Thank you so much. And I see Quinn's question. It's called Quinn asked, What's the name of the book? It's called the Anthony elephant, and it's by Vince piscente. I think is his name? Yeah, I actually saw him speak at the University of Alberta, which is super surprising. You know, the prairies up in Canada, which is where I'm from. And it turns out he's a graduate of my university, University of Alberta. So how cool is that? Okay, who's our who's got our next share?

Speaker 4  26:09
So last night, I was catching up on on the videos that I missed in the morning. And the concept of bloat was was incredible. So for me, I also want to say, what's the word bonus time. That's good. My bonus time was that last night I like it like at 11pm watching the concept.

Speaker 1  26:32
Oh, fantastic. That's amazing commitment. Quinn, thank you so much for you know, for taking the time like at 11pm at night to circle back and watch the replay. Yeah, great work.

Speaker 4  26:42
Hey, Chris inspired me. Oh, my God, that dude. Yeah,

Speaker 1  26:46
exactly, yeah, yeah. There's pretty much, there's pretty much no, no excuses at this point, with Chris setting the bar where he is, yeah, he's inspiration for all of us. Yeah, awesome. Thank you. Quinn, yeah. I think yesterday, I think we had six people go into bonus time yesterday, just on day one. So that's pretty amazing. And we're gonna have more people hit bonus time today, and obviously my goal is for everyone to be in bonus time by the end of tomorrow. Okay, let's get

Speaker 4  27:13
so did you make up that word? Is that a TOF bloat, or is that?

Speaker 1  27:19
Yeah, a TF TFO, yeah. Tim France original, so, so the idea of bloat, that is a Tim Francis original, yeah, that, yep, bloat. The the Bloat factor is, is God, it just, and part of why I picked bloat factor just sounds disgusting, and that's how we that's how we should feel about expenses. We should feel disgusted by our expenses. So, yes, that's a Tim frets, original.

Unknown Speaker  27:44
It was not on Google.

Speaker 1  27:47
No, no. Well, I'll write an article about it sometime soon here and or I'll put it in a book I write or something. And after that, you guys can say you knew about it when you were there in quit. Thank you, Quinn. I Quinn and the term bonus time, that's not for me. That's my friends. Shannon ash, they they saw it somewhere else. So that's the best I can give credit. Let's get one more share, one more share from someone on where you're at this morning.

Speaker 5  28:17
I just personally like the diamond financials. I like the the way you can understand the timeline from top to bottom. You can understand the income statement, the statement of cash flows, and how they ultimately, you know, funnel down into that balance sheet. And I really just appreciated that the mapping and the perspective.

Speaker 1  28:37
Thank you. Yeah, most welcome. Most welcome Brandon. The next time you have a big insight and you feel inspired, would you be able to unmute yourself and just give a little, like, bling on that guitar? Like, I feel like we would get like, a nice little, like, yeah, exactly Yeah. Sounds like a harp or something, you know, oh, it's

Unknown Speaker  28:56
a little out of tune. This one, oh,

Speaker 1  28:59
ah, there we go. It's, yeah, it's like the chimes from the heavens. There's a couple here.

Speaker 5  29:03
This one a string broke. My son and I were playing within little strings broken on it right now. So that's great. I'll swap it with the one that actually is in tune and pull the pick out of it, because that's why it sounded so awful, too, is it's got a pick in the strings.

Speaker 1  29:18
Understood, awesome. That's great. Good stuff. Okay, awesome. So any other questions or comments, just any housekeeping items from anyone, maybe while you're thinking about that, I'll just let you know today, same thing. We're going 9am central Austin or Chicago time until 6pm I'm aiming for lunch again. At one o'clock. I may be off by a few minutes on the start of lunch and and that's what we're shooting for, is one o'clock lunch till 215 we'll do that again. And a couple breaks in the morning, couple breaks in the afternoon. You. And that'll be our day. Any other housekeeping questions before we move on? No, I know everyone's kind of furiously writing their teams to say, hey, I can get back to you at this time, or I can jump on a quick call at this time, which makes a ton of sense. I love that. Okay, well, what we're going to do is we're going to have a quick lesson here about about inventory, and we're going to continue with our diamond financials. It's just to do the next build of diamond financials. There's just a quick lesson that we need to pick up here about inventory. Now it's a great thing that we're fresh, because when it comes to inventory, there is, there's a bit of a brain bend again here, okay, but I know we can do it. I've got no question about that. I've got 100% confidence. In fact, we're gonna make it through. So here's the thing, here's the thing. Let me pull this on. And by the way, my laptop is fully charged again, so we're in good shape here for more, more. Tim Francis hand bottling for everyone to just see, to see things being built in real time here. Okay, so

Unknown Speaker  31:16
let me grab fresh piece of paper here. I

Speaker 1  31:23
Okay, so if, whoops So, if we were to create, like a little written timeline here,

Unknown Speaker  31:32
just like that, just

Unknown Speaker  31:34
need to move a few things around here on my screen. I

Unknown Speaker  31:43
Nick Okay.

Speaker 1  31:47
Remember sales, sold earnings, earned cash, collected three different swim lanes. They are not the same thing. They're related to each other. They don't necessarily happen at the same moment. Okay,

Speaker 2  32:06
when we buy inventory, let's say I buy inventory here.

Unknown Speaker  32:18
Okay, so I don't know. I'm going to make up a date, June 15, 2019

Speaker 1  32:31
undoubtedly, I'm going to have cash leave the bank, right? I'm going to have, you know, I've sent the money. Okay? So our cash flow. We're

Speaker 2  32:43
going to have negative cash flow, right? Because money has left the bank, okay? So on the cash swim lane, we have an event that's happened. We have negative cash flow has happened so far so good, yes, thumbs up, okay, and head nods, yep, okay, good, awesome on the earnings

Speaker 1  33:17
swim lane. Now keep in mind what makes up earnings,

Unknown Speaker  33:22
revenue and expenses makes up earnings.

Unknown Speaker  33:28
It's actually not an expense yet. It's actually not an expense yet.

Unknown Speaker  33:39
Yeah, I see a lot of people just like, ah, Tim,

Speaker 1  33:44
you're two minutes into teaching. I'm already feeling the pain. Okay, so it's not an expense yet, because because

Unknown Speaker  33:55
on our balance sheet.

Unknown Speaker  33:59
So let's imagine, I've got a balance sheet right here.

Unknown Speaker  34:05
And under my assets category, I had cash,

Speaker 1  34:14
and whatever amount of cash that I used here to buy the inventory, all I'm doing is changing this asset from one type to another type. I'm changing this this asset called Cash, from cash, and I'm changing into a different asset type called inventory. So I've gone from having, you know, let's say 10,000 and you know, maybe I still have other cash, but I'm taking $10,000 of my cash,

Unknown Speaker  34:49
and it's now being converted

Speaker 1  34:53
into $10,000 of inventory. So literally, on my balance sheet, my cash would go down by 10,000 and inventory would go. Up by 10,000 and if I was at zero inventory, then I would be just adding inventory, right? So there's really nothing that's changed on paper. I mean, on paper, yes, we've changed what our assets are a bit here,

Speaker 2  35:16
but there still hasn't been any expense that's happened. Okay?

Speaker 1  35:25
Now I also haven't made any money from these shirts, either. I just bought them and they're sitting in a warehouse. They're sitting in boxes, or they're sitting like in my living room, stacked 10 boxes high.

Unknown Speaker  35:42
Okay, so then time is going to go by, and let's say it's now we're over here, unless, let's say it's, let's say that these are,

Speaker 1  35:59
let's say that these are adorable shirts that lovers wear. So it's they're being sold on February 12, 2020 a couple days before Valentine's Day.

Unknown Speaker  36:14
Now when that happens,

Speaker 1  36:19
when that happens, we're going to have some revenue. So let's say that we bought these T shirts, and let's say that we bought these T shirts and that we're able to sell them for

Unknown Speaker  36:41
100% markup. Let's say

Unknown Speaker  36:45
that we're able to sell them for 100% markup.

Speaker 2  36:50
So we can sell these T shirts, and let's say we sell all of them

Unknown Speaker  37:01
for $20,000 so what that means is we're going to have $20,000

Unknown Speaker  37:11
and that's going to be in revenue,

Speaker 1  37:20
and it's actually at this moment here that we count the expense, because we're now taking our asset called T shirts out of our inventory and converting it and setting it out the door. So that's actually where the expense happens. Now we don't expense it at what our customers are paying. We expense it at what we paid. So if it's $10,000 and we sell all $10,000

Unknown Speaker  37:53
then we would actually have, we would count $10,000 of expenses

Speaker 1  38:02
simultaneous. Simultaneously, at the moment that we sell every shirt for $20

Unknown Speaker  38:07
we're incurring an expensive 10

Speaker 1  38:11
it's like this imaginary place that the second that you sell that shirt, someone goes on Shopify or Amazon or to your website or whatever, and says, Buy now. Simultaneously, two things happen,

Unknown Speaker  38:28
the revenue and the expense,

Speaker 1  38:31
and so then that's going to leave you with an amount of earnings you

Unknown Speaker  38:46
now we

Speaker 1  38:54
if that that would be if someone's buying right here, right now, now, if we were to add another layer to This, and say, on Valentine's Day, a company called you and said, we'd like to buy $20,000 of shirts, and we'll pay you in 30 days, right? Then we would still have the sales sold.

Speaker 2  39:21
Then we would still have the sale sold. We would still have

Speaker 1  39:28
no we would still have this earnings earned. The cash would just be collected later, because there'd be an accounts receivable. Now, okay, so, but the most important thing I just wanted to make sure that we can get clear on is that cash might happen here when we buy the inventory, but it's not an expense, because all we're doing is flipping from one inventory type to the other. Whenever the revenue does happen, there's this magical imaginary thing that happens at. The expense also immediately gets hits your books at the exact in the amount of whatever you paid. And maybe you get the cash right here, right now. I'm assuming that you'll get the money then, or close to then, like maybe it takes a few days your credit card company to settle it with you. And so in that case, you'll now get the cash here as well. And so now we've got $20,000 in cash that came in, right so we've got positive cash, and it's 20k because we had revenue come in. And we're just gonna keep it simple, we're gonna assume that we collected it all right away. And here we had negative cash flow of 10k so now we really, really get to the place of, like, if we were on cash accounting, we would show that we had expenses of $10,000 here we would say, that was a horrible month. Let's never go do that again. And because of that, we would never actually have the T shirts to be able to have have the sale in the first place, because we would have made a management leadership decision that that was a bad month. We should never do that again. But because we're on accrual accounting, we now realize, oh, well, actually, that's just us investing some money into inventory, and that inventory can now, we can now add the value that we're adding through just, you know, through marketing and advertising and branding and all the ways that we added value to this to this product, even if It's invent, even if it's invented value, like is an Air Jordan sneaker, really that you know, really worth 25 times what a pair of you know, similarly constructed shoes from Payless is it really worth 25 times more in intrinsic value? Probably not, but in branding value, oh, my god, like there's kids actually fighting each other to steal each other's shoes in schools these days, like it's incredible, right? Because Nike has invented brand value and has created demand, and so just like we might be, that might be why we can mark up this shirt 100% is because we've added value. And that might just be some mystical, magical, American invention of brand value, yet that's what people want to pay. Okay. Any objections, any Yeah, but what ifs

Unknown Speaker  42:34
I have a question? Yeah? Peter,

Unknown Speaker  42:37
oh. Deborah. Yeah, good. Deborah. Reynolds, yeah,

Speaker 3  42:39
okay, so just for the purposes of this exercise, I want to get some clarification, because in the beginning, you said, June 15, we buy the inventory, and cash leaves the bank. So the difference, would it make a difference if it was actual cash, where you paid for the inventory, or whether it was on a credit card, and then you have like, 45 days to pay, or whether it was an order that went in and then you were invoiced later, maybe 3060, days to pay. Is there a difference there, like based on this scenario?

Speaker 1  43:12
So how would you So, based on what I've taught you so far, how would you test? What test would you what mental test would you run to ask yourself to answer that exact question?

Speaker 3  43:27
Well, I think it would be just that, like if it was I ordered the inventory, i i If I paid for it with a simple phone call and say, order it. They said, Great, we'll invoice you later. I mean, I would be looking at that cash flow spreadsheet and then knowing that I have money to pay later. Otherwise, if it's cash that goes out the bank where I'm doing an E transfer, I walk in, I pay by cash immediately by check, the money's gone immediately out of my account. So it makes sense to either pay by credit card, so I'm delaying and pushing out the timeframe to pay or have them invoice me and I pay later with a 30 day term or whatever.

Speaker 1  44:10
Sure. So so let me unpack that, because so first of all, the the test of what is in the cash swim lane is simply, did cash leave my bank? Yes or no. It's that simple. It's that simple. And if you guys are ever feeling a little confused or overwhelmed, just keep it super simple. Did cash leave the bank? Yes or no. And so, you know, Deborah is adding degrees of complexity which, which shows some mastery. So that's exciting. Deborah very, very well done. She's combining strategies here. And she's saying, Okay, well, if we've got this scenario, and if she's able to for. Example, get a purchase order that she doesn't need to pay for 30 days, then what might end up happening is the order is placed. You know, this still happens. We buy the inventory. It's a committed cost, right? There's that word committed cost. We talked about that yesterday, and the cash flow actually happens 30 days later than then it would happen here, assuming that's 30 days later, if, if it was a credit card purchase, and I had to pay that credit card off 30 days later, then yes, the cash should be leaving the bank here to the credit card to pay off that very short term debt.

Unknown Speaker  45:43
An invoice is a payable, not a debt. Okay?

Speaker 1  45:48
A debt we will. We could go down the rabbit hole of what makes a payable versus what makes a debt. Let's just keep it simple, and let's just say a payable is an IOU and a debt is when there's like, clear interest in terms and whatnot that have to be paid, or else there's like, you know, serious consequences. Okay, payables can still have some of those features. I would just recommend that instead of us going down that rabbit hole and spending a lot of time on the very specific nuances that we keep elevated here and keep keep moving forward. So now there may be reasons why we want to pay right here and not delay the payment. What would be an example of that? What would be an example situate situation where actually paying cash right here is a better idea than delaying by 30 days and paying on a later date.

Speaker 5  46:40
You might get better. Might get better terms.

Unknown Speaker  46:46
So if there might be

Speaker 5  46:48
bought now, you can get a better price on the on the like, for example, if I sold coaching programs and I'm an affiliate for a coaching program and I pre buy the package instead of buying them as I sell them, I might be able to get a bundle deal right, buying early,

Speaker 1  47:07
yep, yep. The pricing might be better. They might, you know, maybe the factory is saying, if you buy with cash right here, right now, then we'll give you a better deal, in which case you have to weigh your options, right? And you might say, Yeah, you know what, I'm willing to do that deal. I've got enough cash to handle it. It looks good. I might get better terms, right? Maybe I can get, you know, the payment term obviously seems a little bit less favorable, because I have to pay today, not in 30 days. But maybe there's other terms, like maybe, maybe the factory is willing to give me exclusive rights on that design. And so now I know none of my competitors can sell the same T shirt, and it's a red hot t shirt that would be, that would also be a term, maybe that's attractive, and in return, they just need me to pay in cash right here, right now. Okay? Maybe there's, like, maybe there's a production deadline, right? Maybe for me to get these shirts in time for Valentine's Day, I have to place an order by this day, and I have to pay it in cash. Who knows, there's a there's a million different possible scenarios we could invent here. I think what I'm hoping to arm you guys with is the principles and the skills so that you can look at the situation three dimensionally, and then from there, make the best choice for you. Now, some of you have seen me draw this before and and we're really starting to get into some very, I think, impressive levels of thinking here. When we talk about what's the right decision, it's the center of these three factors, right? It's the center of these three factors. What is my unique set of resources?

Unknown Speaker  48:55
What is my unique set of circumstances,

Unknown Speaker  49:06
and what is my unique timing

Speaker 1  49:17
and resources, is anything that's internal?

Unknown Speaker  49:26
So that includes, how much money do I have?

Speaker 1  49:30
What other assets do I have, right that could be financial assets, that could be intellectual assets, that could be skills, that could be abilities. It could be, How many followers do I have? What's my list size? It could be, you know, what relationships do I have? What accreditations or degrees do I have? Right? Those are all resources

Speaker 2  49:58
and more. You know, that's not an exhaust. List unique circumstances is what's external.

Speaker 1  50:09
What's external to me, goodness gracious. Aren't we neck deep in a circumstance right now with the pandemic, that's a circumstance. How many competitors do you have? Who are they? What are they offering? That's a circumstance. I know my company, great assistant is, you know, we're always, we're always watching in terms of circumstances. So like, for example, everyone you know, probably there's, I don't have the stats on this, most likely in the history of humanity. There's never been a single moment in time when more people have been working from home in like the modern era, than today. Literally, march 24, 2020 which is today, there's literally never been another another moment in history, whether we've had more people working from home. So the pandemic will subside, and, you know, the world will be changed forever, and we'll still kind of have a sense of getting back to the rhythm of quote, unquote, normal life. And there'll be very much a return to going back to work. And I think there's gonna be a lot of people who've now tasted the forbidden fruit of what is it like to work from home. They're gonna go like my employer told me for six years, oh no, we can't really let you work from home because, yeah, we just don't have the infrastructure. I don't think our customers would be okay with it. Grumble, grumble, grumble, grumble, Hmm, interesting. We seem to be carrying on just fine, right, or close enough to find that we can make it work. So I feel like we've, like, poked the bubble and that's popped, and now that we've done it for the first time, I think we're going to have a huge influx of people that are now like, Hell, no, I ain't never going back to that, right? And so I think the number of applications that we're going to get for people who want to be executive assistants to work. You know, even if they've never been executive assistant before, they're they may, they may have, like, incredible project management skill, which is very transferable, right to being an executive assistant. For example, I we're getting a crush of those competencies and that kind of talent coming into our business. So talk about unique circumstances, right? Price of gold, price of oil. You know what's happening with regulations, right? If the government were to make a decree? Well, actually, a perfect example in certain industries that want to hire a great assistant, from us, there's limitations because of licensing, right? So for example, in the insurance world, they typically don't like the idea of teleworking, which is another way of saying working from home, from another country. So when we're working in the insurance industries, if we're helping an insurance agent of any style get an assistant, and they're in Canada, they usually want some from Canada, then the US, they want some from the US. They want some from the US. So those are all circumstances. So at the middle of these three is how we that's what we need to go do next is the intersection of these three. So I call this 3d decision making, another Tim Francis original. And yes, I did invent not just the name, but also the three factors put together in this way, in this drawing. So what about unique timing? Unique timing is, for example, let's say that you say, well, oh my goodness. In my unique circumstances, I've got I've got coronavirus happening. I'm a massage therapist. Social distancing means I can't go to people's homes anymore, unless it's like a medical emergency. Shoot, that sure changes my business. What resources do I have in my resources? I've got the skill of being a massage therapist. I've got the track record of being in business for 15 years, and I'm well respected. I've got amazing testimonials. I've got a big client list right of people who've hired me in the past. How can I repurpose those for what we're dealing with in this economy? Well, I could go, I could go, get super excited. I could say, Hey, I'm going to start a remote massage therapy. Um. A business where I'm going to help people buy the right tools on Amazon. I'm going to buy a lacrosse ball, I'm going to buy a foam roller, I'm gonna tell them, I'm going to guide them on what to buy, and then I'm going to watch them stretch and do like mobility type exercises with bands and whatnot over zoom. So now I can continue serving my clients. They can continue getting stretched out and enjoy some relief amidst all this stress. Awesome. So that takes into account circumstances, resources.

Unknown Speaker  55:34
What if that same person was pregnant and about to have a baby in two weeks?

Speaker 1  55:39
Right? I would say that's that's a part of the situation that dramatically changes things. And so maybe the timing that we're going to launch this business is going to be in three months from now, right? So we got to keep all three factors in mind when making our decision, and a huge part as to how we we would answer a question like, do we buy the shirts from this vendor and do this deal under these terms in this pricing is understanding our financials and understanding that we got to keep in mind all three of these factors, right?

Speaker 2  56:15
So, question, yeah, yep.

Speaker 6  56:18
Um, so in this scenario, when it comes to like the shirts, where would you put in, say, if you did like an advanced purchase for for people to get like the demand for the shirts even before you pay for it? Where would that go when it comes to your accounting aspect?

Speaker 1  56:41
Great question. Yeah. And now, now we're really starting to stretch our knowledge, so I appreciate the question. So alonto, if I understood your question correctly, let's say this is when I'm actually shipping the shirts to people. It's February 12, so they have them for Valentine's Day. Would that be fair to say Correct? Okay, great. So then his So Alan does question, if I understand it correctly, alonto is, well, what if I did a pre sale on January 12? I don't even have the shirts in my possession yet. Let's say, let's say, let's say I, let's say I bought the inventory here. Let's say the inventory is going to arrive on February. So it's gonna arrive at my warehouse on February 120, 20. That's when the so the inventory will arrive and and I'm gonna start selling and shipping. I'm sorry. I'm gonna start shipping here ever so everyone's following me. I bought the inventory from the warehouse or from the factory here. The ship, the shipment arrived. The inventory arrived at my warehouse or at my apartment, or wherever it is I'm housing them, and I'm going to be shipping on February 12. So people get them on time and arrives right on February 14, two day shipping. Okay, so Alan does. Question is, what if I start selling before I even get the inventory? Okay, great. So let's say that I run a promotion on January 20, 2020 and I'm going to run promotion here. Okay,

Speaker 1  58:39
so this is really going to push everyone's comprehension here of splitting sales, sold, earnings, earned, cash, collected, okay, literally, whenever you run that promotion and you're going to sell, let's say you sell, you pre sell. Am I in the right swim lane here or in the right column, yes, let's say you sell $5,000 here. So you've got sales of $5,000 you would also have earnings of $5,000 right here, even though you haven't even received the product yet. And because we have revenue of $5,000 earn revenue, $5,000 how much expense would I have right here? Alonto

Unknown Speaker  59:28
Zero. It's a

Unknown Speaker  59:32
different number than that.

Unknown Speaker  59:34
Oh, are you saying like the half of that? So like 2500

Speaker 1  59:41
exactly, because the moment that we have the revenue, we have to book the expense that's related to that, and in this case,

Speaker 6  59:49
basically, I'm sorry, is that your cost of goods sold, basically that

Speaker 1  59:55
is, it's, it's, it's, it's essentially, fundamentally. Exactly the same thing is cost of goods sold. So $2,500 okay, so we'll talk about cost of goods sold in just a minute. So So whenever you sell it simultaneously, when it comes to selling inventory, that's the moment that you also enter the expense. And so my earnings would be here, would be $2,500 cash. Let's assume I get paid right away. So I'm going to be plus $2,500 cash from all the online transactions. Yep, that's how that works, even though I haven't even gotten the inventory yet, right? Theoretically, I could even, I could even, let's say, before I even buy the inventory, I could pre sell. I could have $5,000 in sales here before I buy the inventory. I could have $5,000 in revenue minus $2,500 in expenses. And I could literally have $2,500

Unknown Speaker  1:01:03
of of earnings.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:06
So you put that in? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:10
sorry, Peter,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:12
would you put that in unearned revenue account?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:15
I would absolutely put

Speaker 1  1:01:16
that in my unearned revenue account, because I've had money come in that I have not earned yet. So Peter, when have I? When have I earned this money or or this money, either scenario, when have I actually earned the money

Speaker 7  1:01:28
when you ship all the shirts? Bingo,

Speaker 1  1:01:31
100% so we end up in an interesting situation on our balance sheet, our balance sheet here if we're doing alantos promotion, would show $2,500 let me just see here. Let me track along here we've got so let's assume this is this. Let's assume I have zero cash and $10,000 of inventory now. So here I would have $5,000 cash

Speaker 1  1:02:14
because I sold it and I received the cash right away. I still have $0 cash because that's what I had, because I spent it all in inventory, and I would now have inventory of $2,500

Speaker 2  1:02:31
okay, is that? Is that making sense so far, you move your paper down a bit? Yep. Sorry about that, guys. Okay, so, because I sold on my balance sheet in the assets section,

Speaker 1  1:02:46
because I sold it so I had no cash. I had no cash because I spent it all in inventory. Got $10,000 of inventory, right? I sold half of it in a promotion. So I've so the promotion. Let me just make sure, if I had $10,000 of inventory I sold half of it would be $5,000 of inventory, which I sold for 10,000 Oh, geez, I did that wrong. Let me just backtrack. We now need a separate piece of paper. Guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:22
Okay? Order,

Speaker 1  1:03:26
yeah, I sold a quarter. That's exactly right. So my balance sheet, I'm holding myself to a higher standard, you guys. I

Unknown Speaker  1:03:44
I buy inventory.

Speaker 2  1:03:47
Okay, I, I, I, my, my, my start point. My start point is, I've got assets. I've got cash of 10k

Unknown Speaker  1:04:04
and i have inventory of 0k

Speaker 2  1:04:09
I have liabilities of zero. I have equity of how much, 10,000 Thank you, Peter, 10k that's te total equity.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:29
I buy inventory,

Speaker 2  1:04:32
so then my assets, my cash is now zero. My inventory is now $10,000 my liabilities is zero. My total on my equity is still 10k i pre sell.

Speaker 1  1:05:01
Um, so the market value, not the book value. The book value the inventory is 10k but I sell market value $5,000 of shirts. And an assumption in that is there's a 100% markup.

Speaker 2  1:05:24
Uh, okay, so then what that means is my assets, my cash, I now have $5,000 that's come in from selling that, that $5,000

Speaker 1  1:05:41
that I've sold is 100% marked up. So that means I'm only selling $2,500 of my inventory. So inventory is now 7500

Unknown Speaker  1:05:54
okay, my liabilities.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:04
What liabilities do I have here?

Speaker 5  1:06:13
Did you did you expense out the cash, like when you got the revenue for 5000 Did you expense out the 2500 Yeah, 100.

Speaker 1  1:06:29
Yeah, so the word expense, just be careful. Do you mean expense, or do you mean cash, cash outflow, because expenses, expense is not a cash. Is not a cash word,

Speaker 5  1:06:42
right? So I sold 5000 because, you know earlier you were saying, for example, when it's revenue, expenses earnings, and then cash actually is revenue minus expenses equals the cash flow. And I see here, nope,

Speaker 1  1:06:57
nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, and Brandon, I'm jumping in quickly, just because nothing to be sorry about. We need to be super precise with our language, so I can't say revenue minus expenses is cash outflow. Revenue minus expenses is earnings. Cash in minus cash out is cash outflow or cash flow. Okay, yeah, so, so go, go for it again. Let's just really, and this is for everyone. Brandon's doing some very heavy lifting for all of us right now. And I'm and yesterday, it was okay if we use different language, and if we were a little imprecise. Today, I'm raising the bar for everyone, because this makes all the difference when you're talking to your accountant and when you're doing your own analysis and you're in your self coaching. Yeah, I'm not going to be over your shoulder every single day, right? Helping you out. So having that precise language is a big deal. So go for it again. Brandon, and let's use the language of near your numbers.

Speaker 5  1:08:00
So what, what I'm trying to understand is like looking at the sales, earnings, cash, I'm trying to map it with the matrix here for, yep, union assets, yeah, earnings is revenue minus expenses is equal to earnings. So when we sold 1000 of inventory, we, for market value, we really sold a quarter of our inventory, yep, and we expensed 2500 so if we sold market value of 5000 we sold 25% of our inventory, and that 1000 needs to be marked down by 100% or it means to be marked down by half, basically because it was marked up by 100% so I'm just wondering, I see here we moved that asset, that cat, into cash of 5000 and I'm just trying to, I guess I'm just trying to map and understand is, it? I don't know. I'm getting blocked there.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:07
Sure. Okay, I

Speaker 1  1:09:11
this is a balance sheet. Jim, can I ask a question in a moment? In a moment, hold on. Hang tight. Hang tight. Hang tight. Hang tight. In a moment, we'll definitely get to your question. And I didn't even know who that was. Who was it that asked that question? I make

Unknown Speaker  1:09:26
sure I get to you. Mark, no, I'm fine. I'm

Speaker 6  1:09:27
pointing out that's the balance sheet, not the income statement.

Speaker 1  1:09:31
Thank you. Yeah, it's exactly where I'm going. All of this asset, liabilities, equity, that's all balance sheet, balance sheet, balance sheet, right? So right here, what's happened on our income statement between here and here? So I'll put this in a different color pen. One of the best investments ever made these colored pens you guys. Oh my God, when it comes like, making notes and financials, like, I swear there's parts of me. It still hasn't left kindergarten for goodness sakes. Okay? So. So

Unknown Speaker  1:10:01
if I've got, if I've now got my income statement

Speaker 5  1:10:08
here, right, how much revenue can you move your paper down again? Tim, thank you.

Speaker 1  1:10:17
How much revenue? So when I started with $10,000 of cash and no inventory, and then I bought inventory. How much revenue did I have? The answer is zero. How much expense did I have? The answer is zero, because all we're doing is just changing one asset type to another. So therefore, how much profit or earnings did I have?

Unknown Speaker  1:10:45
Zero minus zero is zero,

Speaker 1  1:10:49
right? So if you take a look, this is not dissimilar to our diamond financials, where we've got a balance sheet things that happened and a new balance sheet. We have a balance sheet things that happened, and a new balance sheet, State of the Union, State of the Union. This is how we went from one to the next, right? We could also do our statement of cash flows. We're not going to do that here, okay? We will do it when we do the diamond financials, example. So great. Now when we go here, great. So now we've got these T shirts. We pre sell $5,000 okay, so our revenue

Unknown Speaker  1:11:30
is $5,000 our expense, we know, is 2500

Speaker 1  1:11:42
and our earnings is 2500

Speaker 1  1:11:54
Okay, so We know that our cash has gone up by $5,000

Unknown Speaker  1:12:04
is that ICF, FCF, or OCF, OCF, OCF,

Speaker 1  1:12:15
operational, yeah, yeah, because we know that earnings right, if you remember on here, earnings goes over here to OCF. There might be some adjustments along the way, but the earnings does come over to OCF.

Speaker 2  1:12:28
So our earnings, right that comes over to OCF for $2,500 we're not

Speaker 1  1:12:40
going to keep going on our cash flow line. I don't think, I don't think we'll need to, but theoretically it is there. I want to highlight this though we've now got $5,000 in cash. Our inventory is 7500

Unknown Speaker  1:12:55
what liabilities do we have? Five

Unknown Speaker  1:13:05
I don't see,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:07
okay, I launch it doesn't see any

Speaker 7  1:13:09
I'm gonna say 2500 2500 I say

Speaker 2  1:13:13
2500 of what? What are you calling it? Of unearned revenue. Unearned revenue is the winner.

Speaker 1  1:13:25
Unearned revenue is the winner. Can I touch this $5,000 No, I cannot. Okay, so we've got a liability called unearned revenue for $5,000 that's where unearned revenue goes, not 500,000k $5,000 unearth me. That's where it goes in your balance sheet, and that's how you track it along the way. Now, when you open your online banking, if you're following the Know your numbers way, you've got a separate bank account called unearned revenue, and you've put this money, it came into your general operating and the second it came in, you transferred it over into unearned revenue.

Speaker 2  1:14:03
Okay, so we can now ask ourselves, how much equity do we have?

Speaker 1  1:14:15
How do we how do we figure out equity? Can somebody walk me through that?

Unknown Speaker  1:14:22
What's the net worth liability?

Speaker 1  1:14:25
Okay, so, so Brandon, what's my total assets? Now it's 12,500

Speaker 5  1:14:34
Yep, minus the 5000 which is 7500 you.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:44
Uh, assets minus liabilities equals equity.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:51
Now if we were to ask ourselves, I'm

Speaker 1  1:14:59
not going. To go there. That was, that was, that was going to send us down a rabbit hole, which we're going to cover later today. So quick

Speaker 8  1:15:06
question that the 12 five, you got that by adding the 2500 to the 10k originally.

Speaker 1  1:15:13
Are you talking about this right here? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:17
How'd you get that 12 five again? Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:15:19
So this is total assets because of $5,000 in cash from selling, oh, in 75 and I've got 7500 remaining dollars of inventory. Makes sense, yeah, total assets, yep. And then total liabilities, and then total equity, awesome.

Speaker 2  1:15:40
Okay, any objections? What Ifs Yeah, buts

Speaker 1  1:15:50
okay. So what we're going to do now is we're going to take our first break, and we're going to come back to diamond financials, and we're going to march this thing through to completion. And I am super excited you guys are doing fantastic. If you do not feel like you are doing fantastic or at least like keeping up, please let me know, and let me just quickly see questions. Oh, I'm sorry. One other thing I do need to mention cost of sales. Let me just make a note there. We'll talk about that when we come back, versus co cogs, versus

Speaker 2  1:16:31
indirect and direct costs. We'll talk about that when we come back. What else do we have

Speaker 1  1:16:42
a alanto is the cause cogs. Lauren, did I miss the definition of timing besides the obvious, Lauren, it just means, when does it go into our books? Is it January 1? January 15, February 14, okay, Lauren, if that doesn't answer your question, please let me know, Jason, my brain is going to the goal and how it describes inventory as costing money to maintain and keep. Yeah, I don't know how to say his name, Jason, but Eli Goldratt, there we go. Thank you. Yes, a book called The Goal. Yeah, I Okay, good. There's actually a graphic novel version now. It's like a comic just appeared out of nowhere. That's really cool. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, great. Let's come back in nine minutes at 10:30am Central, and we'll be ready to rock

Unknown Speaker  1:17:43
that book too on my desk.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:49
Operators unite

Unknown Speaker  1:17:51
and Tim, I also have the same things.

Speaker 1  1:17:54
Oh, it's amazing. Okay. Peter's got a question, yes, yeah. We're released. We're released till 1030 Central. Go ahead. Peter, this is like he's approached the podium, and he's now asking a question during the break. Go ahead. Peter,

Speaker 7  1:18:09
yeah. Just to that example, he said of when would it be beneficial to pay earlier? Yeah, would one of the one of the reasons be, if your year end was, say July, to get that cash out,

Speaker 1  1:18:24
yeah, yeah, that's a really good point. Yeah, yeah, if you wanted to take advantage of timing for tax reasons, okay, and by getting it right off now you get, you know, like, if you did the math on it, it made sense, then Hell yeah, man, absolutely yes.

Speaker 5  1:18:39
Okay, great. Can I ask a question as well? Real quick. I'm

Speaker 1  1:18:42
sorry, okay, yes, yeah, and, and in three minutes, I want to make sure I get a break too to use the facility. I'll be

Speaker 5  1:18:49
really brief, really quick, sure. Yeah. Thing that I guess I'm trying to understand is like, how, if we had, if we had the inventory, and we sold a bit of that inventory right in a pre sell. So we still have the inventory. We just made a sell that we haven't shipped yet, so we do have some unearned revenue. Yeah, I'm just trying to understand how it brings our total value down that we still have the inventory and we sold, we pre sold some and, yeah, our total equity is down. You see, like we're less valuable. It, I guess in a way, I'm trying to understand how we've become less valuable if we still own the inventory, we pre sold inventory, and yet we've now become less valuable.

Speaker 1  1:19:39
Okay, yeah, maybe I made a mistake in the example that could be, let's, let's work through it properly in and you're going to see that our actual, our actual diamond financials has a very close version of this example. And.

Speaker 5  1:20:00
Right? I think I was working on it yesterday, and I have definitely got to a point with retained earnings question, for sure, I

Speaker 1  1:20:07
hope Right, right? And probably, if there was an error here, it's just that I didn't do the proper process that we properly normally do, which is going through diamond financials. So intellectually, I'd agree with you that it would seem like it like if we if we had cash, we can if we had cash, we converted to inventory, we marked it up and sold it for more, then we should theoretically have better enterprise value, right? I wholeheartedly agree. So, so if I, if I fell apart anywhere, it's that I didn't properly, just stick to the proper process of how we do things to double check and on and on and on, and we'll address that as soon as we come back. Okay, thanks, Tim. Appreciate. Awesome. Yeah, thanks. Thanks, everyone.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai