Speaker 1  00:01
Tim, Okay, welcome back, everyone. A really quick update we already have. We have six people who've now put their deposits. And so I've got a question that came in that was asking, Tim, what about, what about the bonus, right for the first five. So, so the first five gets the bonus of the that end up buying the the first five who end up buying and joining the program get the bonus hour consulting session with me, the $1,000 an hour Consulting at at no charge, right? So now we've got we've got six people who've placed deposits, is what Denise is telling me, and there's two more people she's gonna have conversations with here right away. Yes, let's continue taking deposits, Denise, because it could be that someone in the first five ends up not being a fit in which case we'll have a wait list there of others who will then pop in after that. And ultimately, even if you end up being person number six or seven who joins the program, even if the hour long consultation session with me is not included because you weren't one of the first five, you still get the event pricing, which is $2,500 off the $5,000 fee. So and, and if anyone has any objections or frustrations about that, I know that. You know, Amex is a is a manual process, process for us, not automatic, like those who were able to just go on the website, please let me know. And if it's absolute, you know, if you feel like it wasn't fair because you couldn't run your Amex for some reason and you were one of the first five, I can make an exception and still give you the hour of consulting if you end up purchasing, okay, I want to be fair for everyone, and I understand that the AMEX processing that's an issue on our end, and because that's On our end that I'm willing to make an exception. To make an exception. Okay, awesome. Okay, good. Thank you everybody. Thank you everybody. What I want to do is I know that last that, you know, we kind of had a little bit of a serious, serious talk there about, you know, 420 souls on a plane and making sure you know how to read the dials and all the rest, and that can be kind of heavy. So I just kind of want to shake it off. And I kind of want to, like, whoo, like, you know, take a deep breath. Maybe I'll like, I'm, like, do a burpee here. I'm gonna get down. We do a burpee. There we go. All right, I feel like I'm maybe I deserve to be in the same Zoom Room as Brandon Jones now he's doing like pull ups during the breaks. So Brandon, thank you for being an inspiration. Haha. And I'm sure Brandon Yeager did well. I mean, Brandon Jones is on the pull up bar. Brandon Yeager is in whatever Deb Jaeger's got going for him over the breaks. So good. All right, so I'm super excited, excited. Speaking of which team Yeager, Team Yeager is going to walk us through their analysis. Please remind me which of the seven scenarios do you

Speaker 2  03:16
have? We have the Holly's dating company, online dating company,

Speaker 1  03:22
Holly's online dating company. How exciting is that I'll read. Okay, you

Speaker 2  03:29
want me to do screen share? Please

Speaker 1  03:33
do so we can all see. And three steps, one, read the story at the bottom, to give us the summary numbers and number three get give us your three or more insights and or recommendations.

Unknown Speaker  03:50
Okay, you have to go back to the main screen. There you go. Share

Unknown Speaker  04:02
All right, you guys can see

Unknown Speaker  04:04
that? Yes, sir.

Speaker 2  04:07
Okay, so Holly runs an online dating company and is one of America's greatest success stories. Just two years ago, she was over a million dollars in debt, and now she has a multi million dollar company. The business has explode. Has been exploding, doubling in size from last year. She had eight figures in revenue for the first time and landed on the Inc 500 list. She's already bought her cocktail dress for the ink gala and for the fastest growing companies, for the fastest growing companies. To make matters even more exciting, she not. She had not one, but two, $2 million product launches, one in the spring and one before Christmas. She's also thrilled, because she's up to spending 30k per month on Facebook ads. Awesome to brag about that Holly expects to have around 2 million in the bank by the end of the year, but her accountant is surprised. There's only seven. $73,000 in cash. Where did all the money go? And how can Holly improve her margins? So I can't blow this up a little bit, can I? Oh, yeah, I can. Okay, so,

Unknown Speaker  05:15
so go from Income Statement all the way to the

Speaker 2  05:17
last Yeah, so I'm going to hand things over to my CFO.

Speaker 3  05:20
So we're looking at January 2016 income statement and total expenses. Our total revenue was $5 million and then total expenses was $3,000,795 and then we have the balance sheet for December, 2016 and total assets is 27,000 total liabilities is 26,000 and then total assets, total liabilities and equities, is 27,000

Speaker 2  05:57
No, no, fair. So, What? What? What's the equity? Oh, sorry, the total equity is 1000 so cash was what

Unknown Speaker  06:05
cash was 15,000

Speaker 2  06:07
Okay, so we took assets minus liabilities, comes out to only $1,000 of equity,

Speaker 3  06:13
and then she doubled her income, which is pretty cool, the next year. So she went from $5 million to $10 million so the income statement for January, 2017 through December 31 2017 to million dollars. It was interesting to look at the difference in advertising budget, as well as the commissions. For commissions are about the same. She's got

Speaker 2  06:41
a lot of JV commissions, which is understandable.

Speaker 3  06:45
Okay, so total expenses at the end of the day was 9,575,000 which she barely

Unknown Speaker  06:54
got by. Squeaked by,

Unknown Speaker  06:58
all right, so then we had earnings was 425,000

Speaker 2  07:04
so we went from earnings first year for 24% profit, 1.2 mil, 1.205 Yep, and then to the next year 425, which is only 4.3 so she, like Literally tripled, actually quadrupled, her travel expenses, education, more than almost literally, 10 times.

Speaker 3  07:25
Also the software buy. Okay, so let's go to the cash flow, or the statement of cash flow. Okay, so we have cash, which is Yep. So it's 15,000 Yep, operating. So OCF is 558,000 investments is $0

Unknown Speaker  07:44
ICF is zero good,

Speaker 3  07:47
and then FCF is negative 500 or $500,000

Speaker 2  07:53
so here's what was interesting. Is, you know that she said she had a million dollars of debt, and I don't know if this is one of those examples, Tim, that there was a mistake, but we could not find debt other than I think there was credit card debt somewhere. There was some, some credit card debt, I thought something. So we couldn't find any debt. Oh, yeah, credit cards 20, yeah, $20,000 which is nothing, so we're not sure about this million dollars of debt. So that was confusing.

Speaker 3  08:23
Something I noticed too is that we had two years of statements versus most people had just one,

Speaker 1  08:31
right? That's good, yep. And so let's keep going on our summary here, and then we can certainly get into the discussion.

Unknown Speaker  08:37
All right, you're doing great.

Speaker 3  08:38
All right, so that I want to see that, I want to see that so balance sheet. So balance sheet, December, 31, 2017, so total assets, 129,000 total liabilities, 203,000 and then go down to total equities is negative 74,000 and total assets is 129,000

Unknown Speaker  09:10
good.

Speaker 1  09:11
Okay, thank you. So I'm gonna get my notes out here so I can take notes on what your insights are, and you started talking about a few of them. So you may need to circle back just a little bit, but let's get going. What are you seeing with Holly's online dating company?

Speaker 3  09:24
Well, she definitely pulled out some cash this year, which was $50,000

Speaker 2  09:31
or $500,000 yeah. Well, her own draw, her draw was 500k dividend the end of the at the end of 17. So the big can you?

Speaker 1  09:39
Can you circle that just so everyone can follow along with you. Oh yeah,

Unknown Speaker  09:43
where's my mouse? Right here. Okay, oh, right here, guys.

Speaker 2  09:54
So the biggest thing that just jumps out at you is the advertising cost from the from 16 to. 17 from 1.25 to literally $5 million of advertising. So this could be something to do with debt. I'm not sure could be wrapped up in that. I mean, obviously you're saying advertising is advertising, but it to me, it's just a red flag of I mean, that is a massive amount of advertising costs. When you take the $30,000 she talks about with Facebook ads, that's only like 360,300

Unknown Speaker  10:23
80,000 give or take. So she's

Speaker 2  10:24
spending. So where's all this advertising going? So to me, we're wrapping up some advertising costs, or maybe there's some debt there that we're saying is advertising, but it's really not. So I don't

Speaker 3  10:34
know. I mean, it did grow our company. If the advertising was the reason why it doubled in income, then it could possibly be worth it.

Speaker 2  10:40
What's the ROI as well? Yeah, that would be something we need to detail out.

Speaker 3  10:45
And then she also had another huge so there was two software buys. There was one in 16, and there's also one in 17, so 75,000

Speaker 2  10:55
for software here, guys, and then another one here in 17, for 150,000 and there's no amortization schedule. As far as that we see that we can see, or at least depreciating it down a depreciation schedule anyways. So there is accounts receivable, negative 44 which this is all kind of pretty small numbers. Taxes, of course, increase because you make more money

Speaker 3  11:22
well. And then she increased her she did a over half a million dollars in education,

Speaker 2  11:27
600 600,000 Yeah, yep.

Speaker 3  11:31
So that's a lot that, like, jumped considerably. So

Speaker 2  11:34
it tells me that there's definitely, you know, it's, it's obviously some lifestyle inside that. I mean, this is,

Speaker 3  11:44
well, she took 500,000 and she's living interesting lifestyle on top of that too. But the travel to 250,000

Unknown Speaker  11:52
it's exactly what we do, isn't it?

Speaker 1  11:56
Okay? So, so good. So I feel like you guys have done a really great job of identifying some hot spots. So you know, the big dividend of 500k is it justified? Advertising, massive. It's 50% of revenue. Advertising, the description says $360,000 you're into Facebook ads. Where's the other 140? Going software is in two really big buys. Why is that education? 600k so you know, all these different items. So what are some now, some actionable strategies or tactics that we can put in place to address some of these hot spots?

Speaker 2  12:38
Definitely a cash flow forecast to see like I would want to detail out what the forecast looks like over the next 90 to six months. 90 days to six months like two quarters, at least, really the year. But go out two quarters, I would love to nail down this advertising and get the ROI on that, because if I was spending that much I'd have a detailed list, which maybe she does. And then also just kind of looking at the software this 150k software expense, and looking at how the deductions were taken there, as far as amortized schedule, etc, both years really, for 16 and for 17, since that's really not here,

Speaker 3  13:19
also I see here in 2016 she and I didn't see this before she had $230,000 in taxes. And then the following year, when she made more money, there was only $75,000 in taxes. What is that?

Speaker 2  13:34
Yeah, that was interesting. So she either owed, she was either paying previous years from 16 that she owed. But then what's interesting is there was taxes payable over here at the end of 17. Was only 75 so at some point, well, no, that was 16, that was 17. So apparently she paid 17. Maybe she had some back taxes from, say, 15 or 14, you know,

Speaker 1  14:01
so, and I'll just quickly point out that we get taxed on earnings, not on revenue. That's in the advantages of having a business. And because her earnings went right, her earnings went from 1.2 5 million down to 425, it's true, right? So her so, you know, it's tempting to say, Wow, her sales doubled, so her taxable, her tax impact would be twice as much, right? But in fact, is this number down here? So just food for thought,

Speaker 2  14:34
Yeah, that's true. That makes, that makes all the sense right there, forgetting about the net profit. Net Profit went way down. The only other thing that's just interesting is all these small little like accounts payable. And then what's really interesting is this paid in capital 100 bucks, and then the retained earnings is only $900 so I don't know if that's a mistake. I mean, it adds up, it plays out, right? But it's almost like retained earnings. Yeah. Maybe that could be 900,000 I don't know. I mean, I don't know. It just seems interesting, but I'm not sure adds up.

Speaker 1  15:06
Yeah, I'll quickly say that. So that is accurate. The retained earnings 900 is accurate. So does the paid in capital, paid in capital. I put it on here because we oftentimes see that on financials, and it's just confusing. It's like, why? Is this random 100 bucks here, and that that happens in the beginning of businesses, when you open a company, because, like, you have to put something in to start a business, right? Like, yeah, when you're when your lawyer or accountant goes to open your business, like, if there isn't, if there isn't, legally and, like a contract, a contract that's have consideration, like, there has to be at least a $1 exchange. A business needs to have something in it to get started, even if it's just $1 so that the typical accounting practice is to say $100 and

Speaker 2  15:53
would that just carry with it, even if it was open in, like, say, 2013, typically small amount to have that still on the balance sheet, but maybe, I guess, if it carries with history, right?

Speaker 1  16:08
Yeah. I mean, like, if we ended up taking that paid in capital and paying it back to the owner, then that could be removed once the business is up and running. The vast majority of businesses just leave the $100 in because it does usually represent such an insignificant percentage of the overall cash that's in the business.

Unknown Speaker  16:27
Gotcha? Okay,

Speaker 3  16:29
I'd have an awesome collect on accounts receivable too. I mean, that's a way to bring in some cash flow.

Unknown Speaker  16:34
Yeah, it's not a lot.

Unknown Speaker  16:37
It's not that much, though, but I would cut down the education,

Unknown Speaker  16:43
definitely, okay,

Speaker 1  16:45
good, good. So, yeah, what's going on and in a company that's doing $10 million like just, I'll just share from my own experience of working in companies, is sometimes we can buy group licenses, right? So instead of us having to pay full retail price for three people or five people to go get Colby certified, or whatever it is. We can get group like, you know, we can get, you know, by buying in bulk. Sometimes we can get a deal right, and that applies to education, that applies to work with contractors, that applies with inventory, and especially at a business getting up into the eight figure range, we oftentimes see opportunities to cut expenses just by bulk buying. Okay, let's get maybe one or two other insights and and I'm gonna open this up to other people in the group here. By the way, you guys doing really great. I love the way that you're just like jumping right at the big changes. A quick tip, and this is a little bit of a sneak preview of things coming later today for the analysis. Part is, if we ask ourselves, is AR going up or going down? We would say, right from the get go. Well, AR is at 12, and now AR is at 56 and we might, we might say, Well, yeah, by raw dollar volume, that's going up if, if, however, we ask ourselves, how does that compare to total assets? If we, if we try to, like, balance it out, because this is a smaller year and that's a bigger year, if we said 12,000 as a percentage of total assets, it's about 50% of our total assets, right? 12 divided by 24 would be 50. So it's just it's like 45% whereas here 56 is actually only a third, or maybe about 40% of total assets. So by percentage, air is actually going down. Do you guys see what I'm saying? Oh, yeah, I see what you mean. So, so there's a lot of like, there's the raw dollar changes that we need to pay attention to, but there's also, like, relative to and in a balance sheet, we're going against total assets, and on an income statement, we're comparing against total revenue. And so that's something called common sizing, which we're going to do later today, and I'll tell you more about that. Okay, so I see Lauren says, Holy guacamole. What is what is holy and what is guacamole? Let me get my chat box open here. Okay, I'm seeing Lauren is saying, Where on earth did the $1.205 million go, Lauren, Can you unmute yourself and maybe point and point on the screen? What you're like use the annotation tool?

Speaker 4  19:26
Yeah. Um, so I might be having a brunette moment, but my question is, so earnings right here is 1.2 but then the cash right here is 15.

Unknown Speaker  19:39
Ah, yes,

Speaker 4  19:41
sunlight, where the flip hell did a hunt 1.2 million go?

Speaker 2  19:46
Right? And what I just noticed, too, is that in 2017 at the top, there's a million dollar salary. Actually just noticed that. So maybe that has something else to do with this debt. The thing that's surprising is, where's the debt? There's no debt. You. Yeah,

Speaker 3  20:02
nobody. Last year, there was no pull out. Oh,

Speaker 2  20:06
well, that's the million. And maybe part of that million is the half a million dividend, I don't know, but it doesn't seem like

Speaker 1  20:12
it, yeah, this could be to investors, right? That could be to Holly, who runs online dating company. Could be to investors. It could be to like, dividend is paid out, is the money that's paid out to shareholders, right? And so in a small business, usually we're our only shareholder. So it could be construed, it's probably compensation. But in a business it's this size, maybe we do now start having some investors. Lauren, to address your question, where did the 1.2 5 million in earnings go like, where's the cash? How would we find out, Lauren, I'll put it to you. How would we find out?

Speaker 4  20:49
Are we assuming we can't have a conversation with Holly?

Speaker 1  20:54
Let's say you could, and let's say using her financials alone. How would we find out where the cash went?

Speaker 4  21:01
Well, I think you would look at the statement of cash flows, yes, yeah, I still don't see it. It's

Speaker 1  21:11
right. It's exactly right. So we so we have a diamond here, right? We have beginning and ending balance sheet, right? We have the income statement and statement of cash flows that that covers that time range. We only have an income statement over here, though, right for the previous diamond, right? We're missing the earlier statement of cash flows that would be the sister document to this one here, right? And nor do we have the beginning balance sheet before that right to create the previous diamond. So we would have to find out from the accountant, the bookkeeper, or from Holly. How can we see that statement of cash flows to then reveal to us where did the 1.2 5 million go?

Speaker 2  21:53
So we would want to look at what 15, 2015, you think we

Speaker 1  21:59
so? So So you tell me what is? What is the date range that you'd see at the top of the statement of cash flows?

Speaker 2  22:07
The Statement of Cash Flows would probably be January 120, 15 to December 31 2015, because we've got sixteens here. Actually, statement of cash flow No, be 16. No, we do need 16 Stone. Yeah, see, that's what was confusing.

Speaker 1  22:28
Yep, you guys are stumbling exactly in the right spot. Yeah, yeah. Thank you. Thank you. You've identified it exactly. And like, this is actually one of the lessons is, if we don't have the proper documents right in the proper amounts, it's almost impossible to be able to do our analysis right. So, so

Speaker 5  22:49
how we how would that prevent the earnings from showing up on the 2016 balance sheet? Because those earnings are from 2016 so we look at the equity, there's no earnings there for 2016 where it should show up.

Speaker 1  23:03
Chris, thank you for speaking up. And could you use the annotation tool? I'll just clear the screen here. Could you just circle that so we can all follow along?

Unknown Speaker  23:12
What am I gonna do to do that one? Oh,

Unknown Speaker  23:15
no. Tech issue.

Unknown Speaker  23:17
Give a little down arrow. Uh,

Speaker 5  23:24
oh yeah, Okay, gotcha Thank you, Chris, so this one, okay, why does it not show up in this area here? Because it's for two it's for Jan 216 to December 216 so that should and the balance sheet is for December 31 so it should show up there.

Speaker 1  23:43
So how do you calculate retained earnings? And I'm asking Chris,

Unknown Speaker  23:53
I do forget that equation.

Speaker 1  23:55
No problem, my friend, can I support you? Sure? So retained earnings is defined as all time, because, remember, a balance sheet is since inception, right? So if it's on the balance sheet, it means all time since inception. So retained earnings is all time. Earnings ever minus all time dividend payouts or distributions, oh, that's

Unknown Speaker  24:23
why the statement of cash, yeah, okay, okay,

Speaker 1  24:26
right, yeah, yes, yeah. So my friend, if that's

Speaker 5  24:29
rolled up, yeah, so that's that, yeah. So that's so that may be that may have read another way. If it was two lines, earnings, 1,205,000 dividend, or distribution, 1,200,000 essentially,

Speaker 1  24:49
that's right, yeah, so, so, so if, let's just play theoretical, okay, if the beginning balance sheet for the previous dime. Over here, let's just say that that that earnings was 00. My goodness, that is ugly. Earn earnings. Let's just say it was zero. And by that I mean retained earnings on the previous balance sheet. Okay, so we had zero, and then from there. So that's the beginning balance sheet. This is the ending balance sheet of this diamond over here. Okay, this diamond over here. Then we would have zero

Unknown Speaker  25:38
plus 1.205

Speaker 1  25:42
Miller, so zero in retained earnings, retained earnings plus 1.205 minus whatever our dividend was in this same year, so and then, and whatever that would would equal $900 which is over here, right? So clearly, someone like we pulled almost a million dollars and sent it to investors over here in this year, right? Yep, I probably, I'm guessing without all the information, is tough to say, but probably, and then here we've got investors taking 500,000 Sure,

Speaker 2  26:25
it makes sense, because she says just two years ago, which makes sense, it could be part of 15 as well, and then 16. So just two years ago, she was over a million dollars in debt, and so now she has a multi million dollar company. So that makes sense about that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  26:41
So let's tease that single sentence apart and Brandon great point when we say this quickly, when we say this quickly, two years ago, she was over a million dollars in debt pause, and now she has a multi million dollar company, and that's sure yeah and yeah is, which of the three documents are we talking about here to be a million dollars in debt? Which of the three documents

Speaker 2  27:13
that's that's the thing we don't know. It's very ambiguous.

Unknown Speaker  27:17
So if we say the word debt, what's debt? I

Unknown Speaker  27:23
uh, payables, amounts owed.

Speaker 1  27:25
So debt is actually a liability, a liability, right, right? And if it's a liability, it's on the balance sheet. And if it's on the balance sheet, this is the State of the Union, and it doesn't say if it was her personal bank or the business bank, but even we just say it's the business bank, so this is actually the balance sheet being a million dollars somewhere. Now it says she was a million dollars in debt. It doesn't say she also happened to have $2 million in cash, like you could have a million dollars of debt and have $2 million of cash, right? So these are the little pieces of our language that completely can throw us a curveball right and and without the precision of language, someone may be pulling the wool over our eyes, right or, you know, or, or we may be requesting things from our accountant that we didn't realize we're requesting. We say, you know, how much do I owe? And they send you how much debt, but what you wanted to know is how many payables you had. Right? Two different numbers. Okay, so now, what about having a multi million dollar company? What does that mean? What document are we talking about?

Unknown Speaker  28:37
Most likely, the income statement for 2017,

Speaker 1  28:42
right? Because to have a multi million dollar company? What number, what dollar, and what category of dollars would you say that is 2

Speaker 2  28:51
million and up, 3 million and up, I don't know, 5 million and up, of what

Unknown Speaker  28:56
of cash, of what

Speaker 2  28:58
of revenue? So basically, of revenue? Yeah, it's an eight figure company, right? Or seven figures, yeah, it's eight figures,

Speaker 1  29:06
but multi million would be 2 million and up in revenue and and now we're talking about income statement, right? So if we've got in this single sentence, it sounds like we're talking the same thing. Two years ago, we were a million dollars in debt, but now we're a multi million dollar company. It sounds like it's all talking about the same line item somewhere, right? And there's all this heroism in our media about like, oh, I went from being a million dollars in debt to Okay, interesting information. What does that actually mean? Yeah, right. Okay, good. Any other comments or questions.

Speaker 4  29:43
Lauren, I'm raising my hand just for my own brain when you say you have a multi million dollar company. I understand its revenue, but would it be more fastidious to say you have a multi million dollar. Company, when your earnings become multi million dollars.

Speaker 1  30:06
So said differently. Lauren is saying, I see that,

Unknown Speaker  30:11
Lauren, that is not sexy.

Speaker 4  30:13
I know it's not sexy in any metric. Sorry, guys,

Speaker 1  30:17
Lauren, I wish, I wish our culture talked in those terms that a you know that a multi million dollar company was a multi million dollar in earnings, or in cash or in free cash. Right now, I'm going to cut some slack to the people that praise at the altar of revenue. Okay, I'm going to cut a little bit of slack because of this. There's a very famous expression, and it is very true, and I've definitely lived and suffered through this expression myself, is that growth sucks cash. Growth sucks cash. And so if I have earnings of $1.2 million and if I want to get to $5 million in earnings, I'm probably gonna have to make some new and significant as investments into people, products, process, advertising, consultants like it takes a lot to upgrade from a million in earnings to 5 million in earnings. And so there inevitably becomes Vern Harnish talks about this in in scaling up, he talks about the valleys of death and and there's this predictable S curve, you know, where you've got a peak and then a small, smaller Valley, and then a big peak in a smaller Valley. And that's, and that's earnings, right? Earnings go up, and then we decide, well, we're going to level up this business, and then we end up having, often fewer earnings, and sometimes a big drop off in earnings. Man, I felt that in great assistance this last year, big time as I was replacing myself as a salesperson and bringing a new executive assistant and bringing other suppliers right, because we wanted to go and level up, like kind of go from the the Ford to the Lincoln, right? So, so the big question is, do you have the cash to survive the valley? Do you, do you have the cash or the access to cash to survive the valley? From cash on hand, right? From credit, from investors, right? So that is, you know, or selling stock, right? So, so, that is the question. So in this situation, in the situation like it's easy to, kind of, you know, it's easy to rip on, like, our earnings went from 1.2 to four point to half a million. And that is alarming. I would say we need to zoom out and look at the bigger picture and just say, Well, what did we build with all of this? You know, software right here. What happened with all these contractors? Half a million contractors, that's an interesting number. That's 50% as big as salaries. Was this salaries. It's a million dollars. It's a big number. But did it all go to one person, or did it go to a whole office of 10 people? Right? So there's, you know, there's important questions to ask about, how much are we setting up the infrastructure for the future? All right? And to Jason's point, he said, goodness gracious, we've got JV commissions of 200 of $2 million and we've also got advertising of 5 million, like, holy shitballs. We're spending 70% of revenue just on advertising. That's, that's, that's insanity, right? And you know what? If we were optimizing for maximize maximum earnings on this balance sheet, that would be a horrible idea. You do not spend $7 million or 70% of revenue if you're looking to optimize for cash on an ending balance sheet. You just don't do it right. Well, some people do do it. I wouldn't say be the right path to go, though. So my guess is that this is backed by a VC company. Classic situation where we've got significant investment, it's backed, or it's soon to be backed by a VC company, and we're playing for unicorn status, right? Like this was Bumble before it got, you know, before it got, you know, fully rolled out or something like that. Actually, if that was true, there probably wouldn't even be $10 million in revenue. Which brings me to another really important point, you guys, there's two, and this is a definite writer downer, and I want you guys to keep this in mind as a container for everything that I'm saying here is that there are two. There are two fundamental and fundamentally different strategies when it comes to building businesses and investing in businesses. And one is called growth investing, and one is called Value Investing. Let's talk about value investing, because that's what we're doing here. Is we're talking about. Earnings, right? So we're looking at the income statement, we're looking at the balance sheet, right, looking the statement of cash flows, and we're saying, Does this look like a healthy business that has growing cash reserves, growing earnings and, like, growing profit margin, right like this is a sturdy machine that cranks out cash, and both, both parts that statement matter, a sturdy machine that cranks out cash. So when we're in that mindset of building a value business, the question is, what is the size and the security of the future stream of earnings? What is the size and the security of the future stream of earnings? Security of future stream of earnings comes from a lot of sources. Security comes from. What environment are we operating in? Are there threats right? Are there new companies that are coming in that might dethrone us or take away customers, right? So there's all that external. Remember, we talked about 3d decision making, you know, we talked about unique set of circumstances, resources and timing, right? So, you know, externally, environment, you know, and if you're affected by it, then, like, price of oil, right? What's happening with pandemics, like all the rest, right? So that would affect our security externally. What affects our security internally is like, do I have a strong management team? Do we have strong cash management? Do we have important vendors signed to long term contracts that they'll continue sending us, whether it's product or supply services, right? There's a whole list of questions that come in. And so when someone goes to prepare a business for sale, there's a whole checklist of items they go through to to to fortify and to demonstrate a strong income statement, a strong statement of cash, is a strong balance sheet, and that it's not just strong today, but it's going to be strong in the foreseeable future. Okay,

Speaker 2  37:08
so, and then, Tim, you were talking about value investing when you mentioned that size and security and internal and external factors, right? When you're talking about investing in

Speaker 1  37:18
businesses, yes, that's all value. That's all value strategy. Okay, that's more

Speaker 2  37:22
of a long term setup. You're trying to you're basically setting it up for the long

Speaker 1  37:27
um, I would say, I would say, it probably depends how we define long term. What I would say is, it's, it's, we're, we're, we're, we're getting, we're placing our bet on internal, intrinsic value of the company. Gotcha, okay, okay, it's like, you know, the house, like everyone will always need to live in a house, so a house has intrinsic value, right? Whereas something like, you know, a mutual fund, right? Or a stock that, you know, yes, it's tied to a business, but like that can kind of come and go, right? Bitcoin debatable. Does it have intrinsic value or not? It requires mass adoption for it to have intrinsic value. We're not there yet. So Bitcoin maybe doesn't have intrinsic value yet, okay? And it certainly didn't when it first came out. It was all speculation. It was all speculation. This thing is going to be adopted, it's going to be worth something that people are going to believe in it. Okay? So the other approach, so not value investing, the other approach is growth investing. And growth investing is is investing and building businesses, for that matter, with the similar approach as movie production companies, like Paramount take towards putting up movies. You guys may or may not know this but, but production companies like paramount, you know, or MGM, or Sony Pictures or whatever they literally plan for, let's say, roughly seven out of 10 of their movies that they fund each year to be a total flop. They plan for two of the 10 to be kind of more or less break even or slight loss or slight gain, and for one of the 10 to be an absolute blockbuster. Now, the thing is, is they don't always know which one's going to be the blockbuster and which one's going to be the flop, right? I'm going back always here. But in 1995 I think it was water world. Water World was was was was the most expensive movie ever created in the history of movies, and was one of the biggest. Flops of all time, and certainly financially, biggest flops of all time, maybe even the worst. I'm not sure of the numbers, but it was an absolute catastrophe. It almost took down the movie house. Okay, around that time, I don't, was the same year or different year, the friggin Blair Witch Project comes out, which was $100,000

Unknown Speaker  40:21
budget. That's it. It was 100k

Speaker 1  40:23
film on a Sony flip cam, for God's sakes, okay? Like one of those little handy cams, little flip view finder on the side, and like a DV eight tape on the inside. And that thing slayed. Slayed the box offices in terms of revenue, right? And by the way, when you hear boxing, people talk about gate revenue, that's top line revenue, when people talk about box office, for, you know, for movies, that's top line revenue, doesn't talk about earnings, doesn't talk about cash, just an FYI. That's yet another two examples of how top line revenue is such an addiction in our society. Okay, so coming back to it, Blair Witch Project absolutely slays everything. And you know, in terms of revenue, yes, but what about earnings? You guys like Waterworld, if they put $100 million into it and it made 50, lost $50 million blur witch project, they put 100k into it, and it made 5 million. Which, which movie do you want to back, right? Oh, but Blair Witch is only a seven figure business, not an eight figure business like Waterworld. Yeah. Okay, well, Which one, which one's gonna bring you and keep you the most money, right? So this is the thing production companies. They've got a pretty good idea that that X Men five, or whatever we're at now, or, you know, Spider Man Spore, or whatever at like, there's a reason that those that the production houses keep doing the sequels of the winning franchises, because they know that the size and the security, the future stream of earnings is going to be there right within that movie. Now, that being said, within their portfolio of movies, they've definitely got this Russian Roulette approach, where they know that, you know, something's gonna work, something's not. Oh, and the biggest one's got to be big enough fit that it makes up for the others, right? So that's how Silicon Valley operates. That's very much how Austin, Texas is now operating with all the tech startups. Right? Is VC companies will come in. They'll say, Well, 500 grand to you, 400 grand to you, 350 to you, 100 grand to you, 600 grand to you, fight, you know, go, and then they'll sit back and we'll see what happens. And you know, obviously they're gonna offer some strategic guidance in some strategic guidance in some circumstances. And there's great incubators, you know, in both Silicon Valley and in Austin that helped to improve those odds. But it's a very, very different approach. And so when, so when you're thinking about how you want to approach your business, you got to think about which approach you're taking, because if you think about it, and Brandon Jager, we will get to your question just a second here. Okay, think about YouTube. Would you say YouTube's a success? Hell yeah. Would you say that Google is a success? Hell yeah. Would you say Facebook is a success? Hell yeah. It's made billionaires out of their founders in record time, like I was reading an article, and it was like, how fast to a billion dollars in 1920 versus today? Now they didn't adjust for inflation. Okay, so I just got to say that, that, you know, we'd have to take that into account. But even if we, even if we did adjust, we would still see from from the value of companies from zero to even $100 million today compared to 1920s it's like it would take generations to have $100 million in adjusted income adjusted so we're, you know, $2,020 in the same as banking $20 it took, it would take generations to generate what's happening now, sometimes in the matter of five years. And it's the power of the internet, right? So, so how much money did Google make in the first five years that they were open? What was their revenue? 000, yet they had millions of users. Right? How many, how much money did Facebook make in the first five years? Zero, yet they had 10s of millions of users. How many, how much money to YouTube make in the first five years zero, right? Yet, they had 100 million views, plus, easily, easily beyond 100 million views, right? So, how so? Okay, well, if cash is oxygen in a business, they still had to have cash. It just didn't come from OCF. It came from FCF. If you looked at the financials of those companies, FCF would be colossal, right? OCF would be zero. In fact, to be negative. Actually, I should correct myself, massively negative on OCF, probably, probably somewhat negative on ICF, and then I. Colossal, you know, seven, eight figures, of of plus f of plus FCF. So you just got to make sure you know which of the two games you're playing. Because the language is different, the mindset is different. The investors are different. The way that you monetize is different. The timeline that you monetize is different. Knowing the people on this call today, to my knowledge and I stand to be corrected, I actually don't know everyone deeply enough, but I'm gonna guess with 80% certainty that everyone on this call is in a growth situation, not a, I'm sorry, in a value situation, not a growth situation, because earnings matter and cash matter. Okay. Now that doesn't mean you can't go and do exciting things and make a good amount of money and make a big impact. Okay, there are still plenty of companies that are out there doing great things with a value approach, and I would say that your your odds of success, I think, are, your growth may be a little slower or a lot slower, but it's going to be a lot more secure, whereas, if we're just going for the touchdown Hail Mary pass 10 times in a row, you got to get good at raising capital, because you're going to fail. You're likely to failing. It is way higher and and your life looks like when you're the CEO, founder of a growth style company, you have to raise money. It's you are a fundraiser. That is your job yet, yes, you got to get some vision on the product and some guidance on product development. But you're not like a value business. Your your your main activities from zero to a million dollars in revenue in the first year, or two or three, or whatever, is sales, marketing and product development, okay? Sales, marketing and product development. If you're in a val in a growth play, it's, yes, it's still product development, but it's also fundraising, right? And getting good at pitching, those are two of the top activities if you're gonna go play that game. So if you're gonna go play that game, then you're not as worried about learning Google AdWords and copywriting or speaking or writing a book or any of that stuff. Drop all that and go read Pitch Anything by Oren Klaff to learn about pitching and go take classes from the local incubator or the local, you know, hire consultant on pitching and get really killer, a really killer slide deck, right and all the rest. It's two completely different worlds you guys. And you just got to make sure you know which world you're playing. And if you watch Shark Tank, if you watch Shark Tank, you can actually pick out which mindset each of the investors in at each time. So Mark Cuban, for example, when he's asking questions like, What are your earnings today? You know, do you have a second product that you could launch? This becomes a product, a product, not just a business, not just a product. You know, what are you seeing in terms of, right? So you can pick out some of those questions when he's in his value mindset, when he's in his growth mindset, he's asking, what's your user base? Right? How fast are you adding users? It's all about users, users, users, users, users, users, users, users. That's that is the growth. The growth play is all about users. That's what it's all about. And then making sure that you raise enough money to be able to get to those users and build the product, and then, and then we ask the question, like, once we've got a million users, now we ask the question, how do we monetize? So it's literally flipping the script, whereas, if you're going to be in a value situation, you need to be able to monetize. And then we say, how do we go to more users? It's literally a flip script. Okay, so I just wanted to arm you guys with that view, because, you know, you now have the ability to have conversations at a way higher level, far you're far more advanced than probably 98% of entrepreneurs out there now, based on you coming through the know, your numbers, course, and you and so I would just hate for you to be in a conversation with an accountant or an investor or another entrepreneur, and you get into a fight, and it's no one's wrong, okay, you're both right. You're just talking two different languages because it's two different mindsets, okay? Or, let's say it's the same language but two different mindsets, okay, okay. Brandon, what was your question?

Speaker 2  49:21
It just had to do with that, like the growth, in other words, piggybacking off of the VC. It's really the growth strategy. It's like grow it dump in a ton of capital, make crop sales up, and then what prep for sale, or prep for some kind of a buyout or B to be acquired, typically.

Speaker 1  49:36
So buying and selling a business that that's not growth or value, because you can buy or sell a growth business or a value business, you just need to make sure that if you're starting your business, you know which the two it is, if you're going to prep it for sale, you know which the two that it is. And if you're going to invest into. A company you know, which the two that it is, okay. Okay, cool. Good. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Deb and Brandon. Prior to this, course, how did you feel about numbers and accounting and financials? Like, I know that seems like an eon ago. It's two mornings. It's three mornings ago. Now. How'd you guys feel about

Speaker 3  50:21
it? I was completely unconscious. I think I've said that 100 times, and, um, yeah, I feel, I feel really good about it now. And yesterday I started building my confidence around it. When we were going through that last exercise, a little bit, I felt a little bit confused the first day, and now it's becoming more clear, and I'm actually excited about

Speaker 1  50:45
it. Well done. Exciting, exciting, awesome. Okay, new Brandon.

Speaker 2  50:50
I just want to draw attention to the fact that she didn't even look at our diamond sheet here. That's like, all filled out. She was just kind of going through the spreadsheet that's in front of us right here, what we're all looking at. And I thought that was pretty impressive, because she didn't really look down at my notes that I'm looking at so she can she knows this a lot better than she thinks she does shit. Ah, yeah, that I would say, probably no numbers. Like, maybe I felt like 50% confident, and now I'm like, more like 90% in better making processes. Because I'm kind of like, if I made 10 million, this is kind of like me. I'll be like, Oh, shit, let's throw 5 million at advertising. Let's triple that. Great. And that doesn't necessarily mean you're going to make more money, because we've definitely taken some some I'm extremely grateful for that. So marketing risks, but at the same time, it just knowing your numbers, you just it's, it's got to be something that all of us entrepreneurs are more conscious of, whether or not we want to be the CFO or not, you know, and hire you or a really good bookkeeper and a VA etc. Like, it's just, it's a part of the team. So you still got to know your numbers to be a good leader. So that's, like, huge,

Speaker 1  51:52
yeah, I love that. Yeah. You know anything in our business, we don't need to know the 100% of 100% we need to know, though, the first 1% of everything. So we can have an educated conversation. That's great. Well, look at how far you guys have come. I am so proud of you two. I am blown away with your is your progress? I mean, you just looked at an eight figure business here and were able to pick out some hot spots that you could drill into. You came up with some strategies, and us as a group, we did a great job supporting them too. So let's give Deborah and Brandon Yeager, a big round of applause. Good job, guys. Thank you. Well done. Well done. Well

Unknown Speaker  52:25
done. Yeah, you bet. Teacher, you're such a good teacher.

Speaker 6  52:27
Very good. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, good, awesome. Yeah, go ahead,

Speaker 7  52:34
I just want to throw some feedback you just like you just gave me extra bonus time here, because I want to just tell you that I have, I have partners, multiple partners, in our business, and they think in two different mindsets. And you just explain why they are speaking two different games when it comes to our business, and that's why they're at ends with one another. One is thinking investment, the other growth, the other one is thinking value, and they don't know how to tell each other that it's pretty

Unknown Speaker  53:05
mmm,

Speaker 1  53:08
double bonus time or triple, multiple bonus time, we're not sure. For triple, quadruple with Brandon Jones,

Unknown Speaker  53:15
great point. Brandon,

Speaker 1  53:17
thank you. Yes. Love it. Okay, good, awesome. Let's, let's see if we can get through now to Chris and Jim. Chris and Jim this, this is our mystery team, because neither of them has their video on. So it's a grand mystery. Chris and Jim, Brandon and Deb yeger, could you stop sharing your screen, for instance, for a sec? Okay, perfect. Yes, top secret indeed. So yes, let's get Chris and Jim in here. Which of these seven scenarios, Rio,

Unknown Speaker  53:49
we were the we complimented

Unknown Speaker  53:53
the weed company,

Speaker 1  53:56
the CBD business? Yes. Okay, great. Okay. Would you be willing to share your screen? And if you're not able to for any reason, I can do it for

Speaker 8  54:06
you. Yeah, I think, I think I can share the screen here, just the videos, but making zoom cut in and out on me. So just don't want to use the video, but I think it'd be all right for now. Not too many kids are on the internet here. I

Speaker 1  54:24
So while you're teeing that up, oh, are you? You got it here? That looks great. Yeah. And if you can make sure to use the annotation tool, or at least your mouse, to circle what it is you want to draw our attention to, that'd

Speaker 8  54:36
be super helpful. I Okay, you want to go first, or you want me to go ahead, Chris, so they

Speaker 5  54:47
can write it out, buddy, and then I'll come in with our suggestions. Good, yeah,

Speaker 1  54:51
so let's get that. Let's tell the story, and then just the summary numbers.

Speaker 8  54:55
All right. So the story is, Brianne owns a CBD supplement business. Sold entirely online. With the legalization of marijuana in Canada and many states in the US, she's convinced she can hit 1 million in sales next year if she purchases additional inventory. Her margins are currently 20% after tax. The problem is that she's been turned down for a traditional line of credit from banks because of the nature of her business loans from friends and family are not available and her credit cards are completely maxed out, how can she possibly buy more inventory based on her sales projections? So we're looking here, let me minimize this guy here. We're looking here that she had a sales of $250,000 here. And if you look at her inventory here, she has $60,000 of inventory at the end of the balance sheet, and she purchased 75,000 so it doesn't really look like she's selling everything she can get her hands on here. Looks like her story is more that she's holding a lot of inventory when she needs to sell more. And looking at this, I mean, there's quite a few different things. Chris and I talked about one thing, if it really is an inventory problem, she could possibly do drop shipping so she doesn't have to hold inventory, and she can just push push through without more inventory. It also looks like her sales, she's she has quite a bit of margin here, so maybe if she drops her margins down, she can sell more of this inventory. Because if it's her cost of goods sold is 75,000 and her inventory left is 60,000 then she only sold $15,000 worth of inventory for a quarter million dollars. That's a pretty high margin. So maybe she drops that margin a little bit. She can sell a lot more of the inventory, make more money off selling less profit, less product. And yeah, those are basically the main things we talked about. If you want to elaborate a little more, Chris on more of the ideas

Speaker 1  57:22
I just want to make. I want to make sure that I captured the notes here. So see you went fairly quick here. So you said So to summarize, I heard you say that she seems to have really strong margins, and so perhaps she can reduce her price. Is that

Speaker 8  57:36
right? Yeah, reduce the price. Maybe bring that margin down, but sell more. So give a little more throughput because she's holding a ton of inventory. I mean, it just doesn't really make sense that she needs to ramp up and get a hold of a bunch of more, bunch more product, because it doesn't seem she's selling, she's selling the product that she has even yet,

Speaker 1  57:59
right? So what I'm hearing you say is maybe the problem isn't that sure margins are too high, because usually that's a good thing, but rather that her, she seems to have a lot of inventory that she isn't moving enough of it. And so maybe that's a sign that her prices are a little too high. By adjusting her prices down, she can move more of it.

Speaker 5  58:18
Now you break down that cogs of 75,000 I mean, that may not all be the weed. And if you look that she's got 60,000 in inventory, just moving that 60,000 would double the business to half a million.

Speaker 1  58:32
Yeah, absolutely. Now the one thing I would say about that, because so So if what she was optimizing for was to have maximum cash in December 31 2017 then, then moving inventory and converting that back to cash would definitely be the best idea. Now, on the flip side, if she's looking to run her business for another year and a year beyond that, maybe even then, at some point, she is going to have to repurchase inventory if she wants to keep selling things, right? So we do need a certain amount of inventory in place. And it could be that maybe the price of her product is like her wholesale price that she's paying is going to be going up in the next year. So maybe she would need to hold on to inventory and she likes the price that she got it at, right? So you obviously, you can't see that, because that's not in the description, or is it in the numbers. Is it in the numbers. I just wanted to provide, again, like a 3d view of, like, what the devil's advocate or the other side might say, go ahead, guys.

Speaker 5  59:32
And that's why we like the Drop Shipping model, because it frees up that whole thing. She can focus her whole energy on just moving product.

Speaker 1  59:39
Can you just briefly explain drop shipping, just so everyone on the call knows what that

Speaker 5  59:44
is, so she would make arranges with support, with a supplier or suppliers, and essentially sell the stuff through her website, and the suppliers would fulfill that on the back end and send it out to the customers, maybe with her label or a little insert or how. However she wanted to work that.

Speaker 1  1:00:02
So she's not actually taking it in. She's not warehousing it. She's not packing the boxes. She's not shipping it. It's a direct shipment from the supplier past her, and like just it doesn't even hit her, essentially

Speaker 5  1:00:16
just collecting the money and and then paying on the cost and that can happen instantaneously. She can be paid. So because we see she's got her accounts receivable of 15,000 so she's got this, you know, there'd be none of that real chasing up there, because it would be instant purchased on the front end, she could pass through, instantly buy it. And everyone would be happy with the terms, because it's all instant. She gets paid instantly. So does a supplier,

Speaker 1  1:00:41
right? Yep. Okay, that's great. And yeah, all that she has to do is, I mean, this makes me, This minimizes it, but all she has to do is pick the product, develop the product, market, the product, which is a lot of work, still a lot of risk, and take the upfront risk of spending money on ads and whatnot, but certainly on the fulfillment side, that does simplify things. So okay, so likely reduce her cogs, it would also reduce her AR. Okay, what's your next suggestion?

Speaker 8  1:01:05
Another thing we talked about is being that her sales are a quarter million dollars. Her marketing is only 24 24,500 and possibly Her price is correct, but she's just not spending enough on marketing or doing enough with marketing. I mean, that could be reversed, but, but still, it seems like she could increase her marketing a bit if, if that is a good price, then increasing the marketing instead of lowering the margins, might do more for right? That's

Speaker 1  1:01:41
great. And that's, again, that's kind of like common sizing, just saying of revenue, what percentage is she spending on different things? So if marketing and another question five and total revenue is 250, then that would be 10% very simple calculation. Go ahead, Chris.

Speaker 5  1:01:56
She's got 60,000 in salaries, and she's also taken out 40,000 if cash such a problem, maybe she want to streamline that a little

Speaker 1  1:02:06
so you think she might be a little premature in taking 100 out of the business to pay herself so early in the game. Is that what you're saying? Well,

Speaker 5  1:02:13
if her complaint is cash flow, sure she said that she wants a million dollars. So you know, leave as much in there as you can, and maybe she does need that to come out, you know, for a living, but it's worth. It'd be worth questioning 16 salaries, 40 in a dividend, that's 100,000 on 250 that's, that's quite a chunk of the revenue,

Speaker 1  1:02:34
right? Okay, yeah, good point. And we also don't know if those salaries are just her salary or salary of her and someone else. So, yeah, good, good point, though. X marks the spot. Let's check it out. Okay, what else?

Speaker 5  1:02:49
Collect the AR of 15, which we covered, and then obviously there's the choice of a silent partner. So she could go out and get a silent partner. She could still run everything, but have some financing come in through that way. If the million dollars was was really her target.

Speaker 1  1:03:09
So you're saying potentially she goes to get a silent partner, yeah, okay,

Speaker 5  1:03:14
because on the surface, it seems, seems to be that she knows what she's doing. To a degree. She's got good margins. She's turning over product, and seems to be about scale. So it is truly about getting more money, either the drop shipping so that will handle it on that end, or assign a silent partner for an influx of cash,

Speaker 1  1:03:35
right? Okay, okay, good. So I'll mention something here, and this is the same thing, as you know, in marketing, there's an expression that typically, you want to fix the conversion before you fix the traffic, right? So if we've got 1000 people who are looking at your sales pitch, whether that's a live presentation that you give, whether that's a Google ad a Facebook ad, doesn't matter what the platform is, if you've got, let's say, 100 people looking at your pitch, and only one person buys, then you could go and spend a bunch of money to get 1000 or 10,000 or 100,000 people to look at that, just by buying your way onto stages or buying more Google ads, or buying whatever Advertising does that. But how much more powerful and profitable and affordable would it be if you spent the time instead to think about, how do I go from one out of 100 buying to three out of 100 buying? And if I get three out of 100 to buy now, I'm gonna go put the rocket fuel on it and get that front of 1000 people, or 10,000 or 100,000 people. It's that's typically speaking, that is going to be the far faster and more profitable way to go about it. So that's the world of marketing now the world of if we zoom out, we now look at the totality of the business. It's the same thing with our profitability, right? Generally speaking, if we can optimize for profitability and. And optimize for having strong systems in the back end, so front, stage and backstage, before we go and add a bunch of people, add a bunch of advertising, add a bunch of like, horsepower to the whole thing, or even, or even, for that matter, head count, that's going to put us in a far better chance to have way less waste and likely have a lot like to be able to set the foundation to build something far bigger, right? Instead of kind of just like saying, Well, we're gonna set we're gonna have 10,000 customers come in, and then we're gonna figure out how to fulfill it, I think there's a degree of that that's just, that's life as an entrepreneur is you kind of have to jump out of the airplane and build the parachute on the way down. Okay, but that being said, like, oftentimes, to your point here, Chris, it's like she seems to have gotten to a point where she's got a nice price point, good margins. She doesn't seem to need a lot of, like, strategic support, that silent partner who basically is an armchair investor that comes in that might be all she needs just a little bit of money to put some gas on the fire. Okay,

Speaker 5  1:06:04
yeah, and as an extension to that, as you said with the conversions and so forth, the other thing with the Drop Shipping model is she should, she could offer so many more upsells that she wouldn't be able to offer previous to that, because she may not want to be able to hold the inventory, or she just may not want to be able to hold that much variety of inventory. So the supply, the certain suppliers that she had, even if that wasn't the one, there was multiple when she sold, you know, whatever it comes in a bag of weed or a bottle of weed, she could offer the pipes and accessories and all that that she may not, she wouldn't even have to stop. It would just be a straight up selling, straight profit from the supply.

Speaker 1  1:06:42
I don't know if I've been happier than every time you say the word weed, I'm just like, I'm like, we're just like, you make this whole course sound like we're, we're here to party. Yeah, it's, it's, yeah, it's money and marijuana, yeah. And for the in for clarity sake, it is a CBD business. There's no THC involved. And in terms of like paraphernalia, if the government is listening to this streaming over the internet, I have nothing to do with that industry. And thank you. All right, good stuff. Now, I'll also add that, you know, I got to say, no one in the time of doing this exercise, has ever made that suggestion. So yet again, we've got another brand new suggestion here. So what Chris has just told us is he said, Look, if, if she does not have to worry or tie up cash or tap capacity, like staff members and whatnot, with fulfilling if all she has to do is come up with products in her head and then find ways and find the products that would would act as good upsells. It's super easy for you to just say, like, it's kind of like, imagine if you walked in and instead of you having to make all the Nikes, you could just say, Oh, well, I'm going to advertise the Nikes, and Nike's going to ship from their factory directly to the customer. Well, if I don't have to pay for inventory to have a box of a bunch of boxes sitting in my in my apartment, ready, ready to ship out, then all I would have to say is, well, great if I can do that with Nike on their shoes. What about their shorts? Or what about their yoga pants and and why don't I just have on the success page from the shoe, the sold shoe success page a suggestion that someone also buy the yoga pants or the yoga mat or the whatever, right? If you're not tied to having to pay money to develop inventory and supply chain, it is so much easier to be and cost effective and fast to be able to suggest upsells, right? Because you don't have to do it on those either. So great point. I've never heard that suggestion on this exercise before. Thank you. Okay, anything else, gentlemen, before we before we move on?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:53
I think that was about it.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:55
Yeah, I think we're good.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:58
Okay?

Speaker 1  1:09:02
Per sale and customer can be easily maximized by also drop shipping upsells as well. Okay, great. So, um, Chris to know. Chris and Jim, how'd you feel about accounting, financials and numbers when you first started the course a few mornings

Unknown Speaker  1:09:26
ago? Not as good as I feel now

Speaker 8  1:09:32
myself. Not too bad. I'm kind of a numbers guy. Love digging into it. I found the course pretty good, though it's giving me a little bit more depth with stuff, and I really do, like going over the financials and the ideas the group has had really opened my eyes to things. So that's been very helpful. But yeah, yeah, I've loved it. So thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:55
Amazing that map,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:58
the diamond financials. You mean?

Speaker 5  1:10:00
Yeah, just, just all those little things, and just all the little frameworks you know, that you've got to operate in, even like the little bloke calculator, and then, you know, running the cache with it, with in unison, with accrual, just all those little frameworks to work within to get some quality, real quality, decision making. Insights,

Speaker 1  1:10:21
amazing. And to your point, like I said at the beginning, even though this course is called their numbers and it's for entrepreneurs who hate accounting but want to get their financials under control. At the end of the day, I actually believe this is a decision making course. It's a decision making and leadership course is actually what it is, which is, which is, which, I think you guys now see. So it's good, awesome. So let's give a round of applause to Chris and Jim. They did a great job. They did just a spectacular job. Thanks guys. Way to go. Way to go. Okay, fantastic, awesome. We're gonna take a break now. We're gonna go until our break is gonna be eight minutes. We'll go to 40 minutes after the hour, and we'll see you back here. Thank you so much. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai