Speaker 1  00:01
You all right. So welcome back, everybody. We've got Debbie Reynolds and Brandon Jones. And which scenario did you have?

Speaker 2  00:08
So we had coach Dave. Whoops. Thank you. And so Dave is a solo coach consultant for high performing executives. His revenue has been one second has been steadily growing year over year. He doesn't have any employees except an assistant. He hasn't taken much of a salary. He looked at his CRM and he was happily surprised that he did 500,000 in sales, but only had $500 in cash left. What happened? Bonus? How much did he pay himself and how much did he pay his assistant? We didn't catch the bonus. I wish I would have seen that. I don't know if my we had scrolled down or something. I didn't even see the bonus there. Darn it. Missed the bonus opportunity. So let's get to the balance sheet real quick. Total assets were $35,000 his total liabilities were 34,000 and this is the starting balance sheet. And his total equity was $1,000

Unknown Speaker  01:13
on his income statement, the revenue was 505,000 his in total expenses were 382,000 and his earnings were 123,000 his beginning cash on the Statement of Cash Flows was 15,000 his OCF was 5500

Speaker 2  01:35
his ICF was $0 his FCF was negative 20,000 and his ending cash was $500 his ending balance sheet in the assets, little assets were 147,500

Unknown Speaker  01:53
his total liabilities were 43,500 his total equity was 104,000 leaving him with, oh, yeah, 147,500 so our insights, first insight was that his accounts receivable, and even though he was not cash heavy, his accounts receivable were at $130,000

Speaker 2  02:19
so he has not been doing a great job of collecting on those accounts receivable, and that's adding to his cash story. So we our recommendation would be to find either a more efficient way or to find a way to, you know, contact and maybe have a secretary or someone contact and get his accounts receivable turned into cash. That's that would be our first

Speaker 1  02:44
one. Let's talk a little bit more about that. Let's develop that idea some more. What are some strategies or tactics around collecting on AR?

Speaker 3  02:53
So I would like to add on that. So I would think that it would be important for him to convert to billing upfront, either fully or do 50% billing, and then, like, space it out if he needs to be able to do it beginning of the month, end of the month or the beginning and then halfway through. But I would think the ideal would be to collect it all up front. But the billing, of course, and the collecting of the revenue right away would be critical.

Speaker 1  03:23
Okay? And then what strategy or tactic? You know, there's lots of different strategies, but what's a strategy or tactic for collecting what has happened that 130 that is outstanding already,

Speaker 3  03:36
phone call certainly, or to invoice out again without standing Amount Due immediately or to send something like a PayPal or a stripe, where they can pay online immediately instead of having to, there's research and statistics around if you send something online with a click and pay, now, they're more likely to click and pay now if you do it, versus just A phone call, and then they have to pull everything up and look at it.

Speaker 1  04:05
Okay, that's great. What else to collect that AR? What else can we do?

Speaker 2  04:11
Yeah, I was thinking, task is, he says he has an assistant. So task is assistant with reaching out. And I guess that's kind of the same. You could he just have her do it, but I'm feeling like you're one, something more than just ask for the collection.

Speaker 1  04:28
What does anybody else on the call have any other ideas of how we could get that money? And no, it does not involve baseball bats or other violence.

Speaker 3  04:39
What would be reoccurring billing. I would think that on a credit card so he doesn't actually have to go out and ask for it. It's an automatic billing every month on the company credit card for his executor, for his coaches that he's coached, or the clients that he's coaching,

Speaker 4  04:57
if he if he's already if he's trying to collect. Though you could do a discount, pay in full. Ah, like, Ah, you owe me 10k if you pay this week, I'll give you a seven k7, grand. You're three grand off. So Penny, yeah, pay in full.

Speaker 1  05:14
Love, it perfect, good. So let me make a note of that. So offer after like so it's, it's called an AR Aging, a report. When you run out of your CRM and you see that, you know, this is the amount of money that's 30 days old that's owed to you, 60 days old, 90 days old, that's an aging reports that that's called. So once certain bill, you know, and obviously, the further something goes out, the less likely you're going to get paid. And so if we can, say, pass a certain point, like anything that's aged out beyond 60 days, maybe, maybe that's where we go to alternative measures, like offering to buy out the the receivable, you know, at a discount. Jason mentioned a collections agency, which is kind of a variation on the same idea. The collection agency will buy the debt from you for 28 cents on the dollar, hoping that they'll be able to collect at 50% and that therefore is how they make their money. But yes, Brandon absolutely love that idea.

Speaker 5  06:20
You could also do, I mean, this is more for future, but automatic Dunning, where if something is declined, because maybe the reason those are still outstanding is because something balanced that it automatically retries,

Speaker 1  06:34
sure, sure. Okay, okay, yeah, to auto recharge. Love that. Okay, awesome, good. Let's point to something else, Deborah and Brandon Jones,

Speaker 2  06:47
so on the expense side, we immediately went to, like the bloat, and you saw that the travel expenses were really high and that he could do his consulting without travel and or passes travel expenses on, for example, to the client. The client wants them in person, then they can pay the travel expenses. But to reduce the travel expenses would also reduce your taxes, and if we reduced it by 90,000 we can bring that directly down here to the earnings. And so if we take that to the earnings and reduce the expenses, we can take his bloat from, I'm assuming this is like the 24% or whatever, and we can actually get him to a 72% return, 72.9% return on his income versus expenses, which is basically 3x in his business, honestly, in terms of his efficiencies.

Speaker 1  07:50
So and that's if you remove which expenses, just all the travel,

Speaker 2  07:54
you remove the travel expense, and that's not even accounting for the taxes. You put that down to his earnings, and then you reduce the expenses, and then if you this is like 213 divided by the 292,000 and you get to, like a 72% return.

Speaker 1  08:14
Yeah. So the way you do that calculation, it's earnings divided by total revenue. So it'd be 213 divided by 5050,

Speaker 2  08:22
okay, 213, divided by 505, so about 50% so you almost double

Speaker 1  08:26
your right? Yeah, so, so like 100% man, like you're still bang on to say that the the business would double, double in profitability without doing a single thing to sales. Right? That's amazing. That's amazing. Okay, what else?

Speaker 2  08:44
And and then just that, the he did take a 20,000 Where was his sorry dividend of 20,000 and that also impacted his in cash. So he's kind of wondering, why do I have only $500 in cash left, you know? So just noting that he took the money out of it, paid it, you know, gave himself earnings. That was kind of the three insights that we had regarding why he only has 500 in cash. Okay, unless Barbara, you might have had something else to add.

Speaker 3  09:24
But well, the the issue too, was how much he paid himself in salary, 36,000 versus contractor at 48 five. So I would think that there would probably be a good adjustment there, that if he could increase his salary so

Speaker 1  09:43
yeah, well, so I want to be careful here, because I'm not an accountant, and this isn't a tax accounting, course, so I want to make sure I'm not giving tax advice. I'll say typically, when the owner of a business pulls money out of the business as a dividend, over here, the. Tax is lower. It's a lower percentage than if they take it out as a salary. So yeah, so you might actually determine that actually we want to reduce his salary from 36,000 to nearly zero, and have his dividend go up by that amount, because that would reduce his taxable, his tax, his taxes. Now we also don't know for sure. This salary may not even be his salary. That may be what he's paying his assistant, or the contractor might be what he's paying his assistant. We don't know because we haven't been able to unpack it further to know for sure, let's get one more insight from either you guys or anyone else on the call

Speaker 3  10:53
reducing education and marketing For sure. Those are pretty high costs for marketing, 75,000 and education as well.

Speaker 2  11:06
Yeah, a referral. Using a referral like it's always better to get coaching clients, I think, through referrals. So instead of just doing a lot of marketing, basically going back to some of his executives, and using a referral system would lower his marketing and probably increase the amount of clients you can get without, you know, the high cost

Speaker 1  11:27
or over so you're saying changes client acquisition to referral based only

Unknown Speaker  11:32
right, okay.

Speaker 4  11:36
What about the software? Did you did you guys talk about the 45k and like, how you could trickle that over four or five years?

Unknown Speaker  11:45
Hmm, this right here. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:48
it seems high. I mean, I think

Speaker 2  11:49
it actually is being you can see here, adjust for AP here at 9000 so it's being brought over 5000 or for five years, gotcha adjust for it

Speaker 1  12:03
cool. So this is an adjustment for accounts payable, sorry, yeah, and that's accounts receivable. There was,

Unknown Speaker  12:16
oh, yeah, no, maybe there wasn't a

Speaker 4  12:21
amortization, yeah, maybe there wasn't, uh, well, there's office equipment. I see it's 17k but that's not

Unknown Speaker  12:28
a depreciation. Yeah, no, you're I think you're right.

Unknown Speaker  12:34
We think

Speaker 1  12:36
so. So using your sleuthing skills, um, where are the two places like so if we were depreciating software over time,

Speaker 2  12:46
yeah, CF, and it's not there. So he's Yeah,

Speaker 1  12:52
and where and where else Brandon. Brandon Jones, where else would you see it?

Speaker 2  12:58
So let's see here on the income statement, I believe,

Speaker 1  13:11
if, if, if this was so it's already here, like, if it's software, okay, and, and if This is, in fact, a depreciated software, then I'm certain amortized software, then this would be the current year's amount, right? And if it's five years, then we had a five years of $45,000 one per year, right? So it already is on the income statement. We're not seeing it on the statement of cash flows. Was a which is a hint, because there would be an adjustment for amortization, right? So, where else would we see it or not see it that would confirm or deny our suspicions?

Unknown Speaker  13:50
On the final balance sheet,

Speaker 1  13:54
indeed, yeah, and maybe even the beginning balance sheet, you know, one or both, or one or the other or both. And where would we see it? Deborah Reynolds,

Speaker 3  14:02
where it says under inventory, they're under assets, right?

Speaker 1  14:06
Yeah, somewhere, like in here, there'd another line, there'd be another row, and it would say, software, our software asset, right? Because if you're going if, if you're going to depreciate something, that means it's an asset over time, and that means it's an asset, and that means it's an asset, and that means it has to show up on the balance sheet. So if it's not on the balance sheet and it's not on our statement of cash flows, then this is literally, this is literally, he's he's here coach Dave is literally spending $45,000 that could be a combination of software's that could be his CRM, plus his financial software, plus Gliffy, plus canva.com plus, like, who all knows what else is going in there, but that is that, that's the situation. He has no, no amortizable software in there.

Unknown Speaker  14:52
Yeah, good call Brandon.

Speaker 1  14:56
I think, I think that is a massive red flag. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 3  15:03
So the other question that I have about on the first balance sheet, taxes payable, 15,000 and then he's got under the income statement for expenses, 23 five for taxes. The final balance sheet has 23 five for taxes payable. Okay, this is where my math goes. A little bit wonky. Here. I want to make sure that they've written off enough. I mean, you taking the revenue minus expenses equals the earnings. Could the accountant have done more to write off more. So it brings the earnings amount down,

Speaker 1  15:44
maybe, maybe and maybe not. And I would say even not from a taxes perspective, like a tax accounting perspective, we just look from an entrepreneurial accounting perspective, he owed the government $15,000 at the end of this year, or for this fiscal year, and then he incurred 23 five, and at the end of the year, he had 23 five remaining. So that means that he hasn't paid his taxes for 2017 yet he has paid his taxes for 2016 so that might be another issue. Coach, Dave, if you don't pay your taxes soon, here, bud, you may have the IRS breathing down your neck. So I would absolutely make that a note of something that we need to pay attention to. Hasn't paid taxes yet. Now, depending on, you know, if we're looking at this balance sheet, and it's January 120, 17, then, no problem. He hasn't missed any deadlines. But I think it begs the question, because we don't know when, what time it is now that maybe he's passed any more comments questions,

Speaker 2  16:58
I guess I have a question on, how do you determine what he paid himself and what he paid his assistant?

Speaker 1  17:05
So there's no one right answer here. You can be pretty sure that this oops, let me just clear my drawings. You can be pretty sure that this is like part of his owner compensation. Is his dividend of $20,000 we could make the case that this salary might be for him. So we might be able to say 20, 20,000 here, plus 36 there is $56,000 is what he paid himself. And then this might be the assistant contractor for 48, five. So if there's no right answer, we don't know, unless we were able to drill down into his financials. Further more than any of that question is there just to get us thinking about like, what are the different kinds of owner compensation, and where would we root around to start learning some of these things? Because there's a there's a concept called normalizing earnings and normalizing an income statement. What that means is, when we're trying to assess the true performance of a business and the true value of a business, we need to start taking things out and adding them back. So for example, you know, let's say that coach Dave here has travel of $90,000 which is right here. And really, what that was, was he bought a ticket to the, you know, he bought a ticket to the Daytona, you know, Coaches Association meeting, and he didn't even go. And the real reason he went is because he wanted to go to Daytona Beach, to go to the Daytona 500 race, right? So, you know, that's some of kind of like, well, if we were really running this like a real business, that would never fly. So to normalize earnings, we would have to adjust and take this $90,000 out. And so then this now becomes $213,000 right? And then when we take a look at, you know, the education piece right here, it's $64,000 and we have asked ourselves, like, if someone else is running this business, would they really spend that much money? Well, let's think about it. Coach Dave decided that, you know, really, he'd really wanted to go do Unleash the Power Within with Tony Robbins, and he really wanted to do date with destiny, with Tony Robbins, and there's no way in a million years, he would pay for anyone else in his business to go do it. He just wanted to do it because it's part of his own personal development, and he would probably not ever send his assistant. It's not really for the business. So if Dave's being really honest, it's still important to have some education budget, but not $64,000 so we. Take that out. Let's say 50 of it is a little on the soft side in terms of defensibility. And so now this goes up to 265, or 263, right? So normalizing earnings is when we make it normal, not accountant using the business as a pseudo fund play chest of money. Now, to be clear, almost every single one of us, even the strictest and purest of souls amongst us on this call, is using our business to some level to gain some owner advantages that otherwise would not be happening. I see Deb Debs.

Unknown Speaker  20:40
I don't know what you're talking about.

Unknown Speaker  20:44
Why you're talking about this is weird. You

Speaker 1  20:48
know, I think about something as simple as a phone, right? If you have a cell phone and your company's paying for it, and you send a single text message to a family or friend on non business purposes, your business is Now, technically like something as tiny as that. Your business is now funding your personal lifestyle to some level, because you didn't have to get a personal cell phone, because use the business, the business to buy a phone. Right now, the government's not going to put you in jail over that. In fact, the government knows that everyone does that, right? So it's, it's kind of a shades of gray thing, and some things you can clearly get away with, no questions asked, and others you can't so much so. So normalizing earnings is saying, like, within a reason, if someone else is running this business, or if the expense was to be incurred for someone else's benefit, would we still make that expense? And I think Coach Dave is a little for far into the land of you know, using company funds as his own piggy bank, which maybe is great if it's just him and his assistant, right? He just probably can't complain about having only $500 at the end of the year, when his life is a highlight reel on Instagram of going to the Daytona 500 and all other manners of wild excursions. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  22:00
all right, good. So I got a quick question. I'm just curious to know Deborah and Brandon. Wait, I just realized that Deb and Brandon Yeager are the same two first names as Deb and Brandon who are leading this exact

Speaker 1  22:21
Yes, Reynolds and Jones. Can Can Reynolds Jones and Associates? Please speak Reynolds Jones and Associates. I'm just curious to know for each of you, when you came to the course yesterday morning, how did you feel about numbers and how did you feel about accounting?

Speaker 3  22:39
I personally was nervous about so the balance sheets, the income sheets, statement of cash flows, all those types of financials that are created by the software your accountant or bookkeeper were confusing and not really that easy to read. So going through your exercises makes it a lot easier. But what I found is, just because of the time crunch, intuitively looking at the balance and now looking at these sheets, I could quickly look at these and go, Okay, these. This is where there's some issues and problems. So it was more intuitive with with the knowledge that you shared where you could. And then, of course, you would need the time to do some of the math and then do a deeper analysis. But I just, I think, felt way more comfortable.

Speaker 1  23:29
Amazing, great. Brandon Jones, how do you feel coming into the course yesterday?

Speaker 2  23:35
Yeah, no, I the same, same thing. I really, I felt like, you know, again, first of all, I was trying to make it was almost like, at first we were going through it, like, making sure that everything was accurate. Like, maybe there was something off, and that was my and I was like, wait, I think we should almost assume that it is accurate. What was cool is to be able to kind of start to to pick it apart and and really see how it was, you know, telling us a story and where there were absolute opportunities for him to either, you know, change the way that he did business, or to at least realize where his cash is sitting, which we see the accounts receivable is just really, really super high, so at least being able to communicate what's happening there, but I felt a lot more confident. I appreciate it definitely very much.

Speaker 1  24:25
So, so we've got, we've got two, two partners here. We've got Reynolds and Jones, and one's nervous, and the other is unclear, and they've never been in this industry before. I guess, I guess Deborah Reynolds has been a coach, and as a coach, has been for 30 years, from this perspective, though, have never, have never taken this approach. And here you guys have just laid out a Four Point Plan number one, get air back in control, with four clear strategies, convert to billing upfront or at least 50% upfront. Simplify paying, send. Click to pay invoices, because psychologically, that works better. Offer an aged out AR, people who've aged out AR wise accounts receivable, offer them a reduced amount if they pay now and set up a credit card to auto recharge so that it's more automatic. Second, second item, second hotspot. Expense Management in the future, build travel bill, travel expenses to the client, or do virtual consulting, education and marketing expenses seem really high. So we're going to question, question, what's actually necessary also change client acquisition to referral based only, so we're going to move our strategy that way. Then from there, look at this $45,000 in software. It's not amortizable, so it's not an asset. What in God's green earth are we spending 45 grand on? And lastly, we also noticed he hasn't paid his taxes yet. So you guys figured all that out in 20 minutes. And for two people who were not particularly feeling comfortable around financials. You guys did an amazing job. So give yourselves a round of applause. I mean, let's give Reynolds and Reynolds Jones and associates a round of applause. You guys just did a fantastic job helping coach Dave and I hope you guys recognize just how far you've come, when, in fact, all it's going to take now is you just getting some reps in. If you just do this now with your own financials, put it into the diamond format and start playing with it, which we're going to talk about tomorrow. So stay tuned. We're going to talk a lot more about our own businesses. Y'all are just going to be smoking it. And for anyone on this call, I just said, y'all gonna be smoking it, that sounds a little questionable. You guys are going to be kicking butt. I'll put it that way. This is something else, and this is, this was actually one of the most profound moments that I had. We can stop screen sharing. Whoever screen is, I think it's Brandon screen if you just want to stop that for now. Thank you. This is one of the most profound moments that I've ever had in business. This is another stander upper. Let me stand up and tilt the camera up. Your videos off. I know. What a tragedy, right? Thank you for letting me know I had no idea all this time, all this time, you guys are gonna ask for a refund because you didn't get to see my face the whole time. Right? Right? Right. Okay, maybe not, all right. So some of the most profound moments I had in business was when I was, I was in a course, and I saw an entrepreneur take a set of financials, take about two and a half minutes and go, this, this and this. These are it wasn't. It was like one minute, this, this and this. These are your biggest issues and opportunities. And when I saw him do that, I almost fell out of my chair, because I realized in my earlier business, where I was a marketing consultant, I was telling people how to double sales, triple sales, on and on and on and on and on. I had one tool in toolbox. It was called just sell more right then. After that, I moved to consulting more and operations and everything was about systems. We got to write procedures for everything, and we got to write all these documents and get them to Google Drive and get them organized and really streamline everything and and when I would combine that with what I knew about productivity, and now I've got operations, and then after that, I knew how to do Scrum. So then it's like, Well, hey, yo, it's all about Scrum. We got to get teams running on Scrum. We need sprints. We need definitions of done. We need huddles, daily huddles, stand ups, like, let's go, go, go, go, go. Right? And it became all about that, and, and I watched this guy look at financials and in like one minute say, this, this, this is the issue. I realized, how long in my career had I been making recommendations to clients to go build a ladder, but it was leaning on the wrong wall. I was telling people, you know, people would come to me and say, Tim, we need to increase revenue. And I'd say, sounds good. Let's do it. Let's launch a marketing campaign. You should write a book. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? Or people would come to me and say, oh, we need systems. I'm like, I'm your man. Let's go. Let's write this shit out. Let's go, go, go, go, go. Google Docs, your best friend. I even invented something called the SRT system for systems. Great, you know, or someone says, oh, Scrum, I read the book. It's amazing. You know how to implement it? Be like, Yeah, let's go. Let's do it. Bang, bang. And off we'd go, right? That's the equivalent. That's the equivalent of a patient showing up at a doctor's office saying, I've got, I've got an appendix that needs to come out. Will you do it? And the doctor says, Sure. Opens them up, puts anesthesia. You know, anesthesiologist comes in, they go under, take, take the appendix out. Done. Send them the bill.

Unknown Speaker  30:02
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,

Speaker 1  30:05
how do we know that the appendix had to come out? Maybe it was a hernia. Maybe it was just a sports injury, right? Maybe I took like a hockey stick to the midsection or something like that. Maybe, maybe it's something I ate, right? So to not slow down and ask a few questions first, to make sure we've got the diagnosis right, to sprint off into the distance with no clear diagnosis. First is insanity. I mean, I'd rather keep the appendix, if I could,

Unknown Speaker  30:46
right. So

Speaker 1  30:49
in business, how often, whether it's your own business, you're consulting to other people's businesses, are we just seeing, hearing, you know, hearing the initial problem, and just running for the hills full steam forward, right? And this leads to, like a really great quote, one of the best quotes I've ever heard in business.

Unknown Speaker  31:12
Terrence heard this before.

Speaker 1  31:16
There's nothing worse than running in the wrong direction enthusiastically, which is from Keith Cunningham, right? So for us to learn how to slow down and properly diagnose this, the situation first, like we just saw Coach Dave. Coach Dave only had what, 5000 or $50,000 in the bank. His first instinct is probably like, well, I better go sell more. Better write a book. Better get a TED talk going, right? Well, for God's sakes, you look at his his balance sheet, he had $160,000 in accounts receivable. What right? And $45,000 on software. What kind of software are we buying for 40 5g like that? Better be like teleportation software. But we know it's not teleportation software because he spent 90 G's on travel, right? Like if Brother Dave, if all he did was just spend less money and collect the money he'd already made. He could actually take the whole next year off and not work a single minute and live a six figure lifestyle. He had 160 grand in AR, for goodness sakes, if he collected 100 of 160 he could do nothing. He could sit on the beach, right? So this is a huge part as to why it's so important, and like how it's like when I had that moment, I my jaw hit the ground and I went, Oh my God, so many people have trusted me

Unknown Speaker  32:57
to help them,

Speaker 1  32:59
And I may be helping them to only accelerate the fact that they're running in the wrong direction. Oh,

Speaker 1  33:15
I gotta shake that one off. Shake that one off. I Well done. I'm just thank you. I'm just unclear, were you clapping your hands for what I said, or the fact that they shake my shoulders?

Unknown Speaker  33:38
Take your money maker. Yeah.

Speaker 1  33:42
Yes, yes, indeed, okay, thoughts, comments or questions on what I've just shared.

Speaker 3  33:50
So Tim, I'm one of those people that I spend a lot of money on education, and just to reinforce what you're saying, that people are building this ladder, and they're encouraged to run in this direction of sell more, do these like, launch these things. And I hear what these other coaches and big name coaches are telling their clients, and I'm like, wrong, wrong. Like, there's other things to focus on first now. So what you said is, it is profound, what you say and incredibly important. I mean, it's just so valuable.

Speaker 1  34:30
Thank you. I'm not I'm sales is important, you know? And I really hope that I'm not communicating anything other than that. It's just incomplete, right? Sales is important. It's incomplete, right? Like I am thrilled that that my company and I have hired Peter on this call to help us drive sales for great assistant. I am thrilled about that. I'm also really thrilled. That my assistant, Denise, who's on the call, helps you keep track of payables, and helps you keep track of unearned revenue, right? And I think what you're going to find, as an entrepreneur, that at the end of at the end of the day, probably what you're going for, probably, if you're thinking about building a profit factory, that's why I call my consulting company profit factory, is you're going to find the next spot where you have an opportunity to move the needle financially. Let's say it's collecting on AR sooner. And like Coach Dave, clearly needs to collect an AR sooner. What people process or project needs to go into place to make sure that that gets solved once and for all, right? And once he solved the AR situation, now he's going to look at his travel problem, and that travel problem, how can he solve that $90,000 of travel problem once and for all? Maybe he says, You know what, I love it, and I'm going to keep it. Well, okay, then don't complain about the expense of it then, but probably he wants to keep a little bit bit more of the money. So what is, what is the person, the process or the project right that we can build to solve that? Maybe Dave can get a salesperson to fly around right, or maybe he can have reps that are local to the different areas so he doesn't have to right? And p and if someone were to literally watch how I'm building my company, great assistant. Originally, I did everything. I hired my very own assistants for years for myself, in the Philippines, in India, in Pakistan, in Jamaica. It was all a train wreck. None of it worked. Lots of lessons learned, which is valuable. Met some really great people. It just didn't fit, and I finally bit the bullet. I personally hired my first ever great assistant based in the US, and she then supported me. She became my mini me. She didn't do just marketing, she didn't do just admin or just legal or anything like that. She was the second half of my brain, and that allowed me to focus on the higher level skills, right, whereas able to now move up, right? And so she's doing billing, invoicing and uploading podcast episodes. I can now go do more $40 an hour consulting work, right? And as I climb the positive profit loop has been going up and up and up. I'm now replacing myself more and more and more. And I've now gone from doing it all to replacing myself in admin, then replacing myself in fulfillment. We now have a team of four people for, uh, four and a half five people will say, helping take care fulfillment. I have not been involved with hiring a single great assistant in years now, right? Then from there, I need to replace myself in sales. So I went and figured out the Sales Machine, right, which I learned Sandler sales system, and I now have a salesperson. Took a whole year to get it all sorted out, but we finally got a salesperson in place, right? And so then the only remaining thing left in the core of the business is lead gen, right, which I still do. I'm still the face, I still do interviews, and I'm in the process of replacing myself in the sense that I've now got Peter. Peter is i We've hired his firm, right? So sometimes you hire internally, sometimes you hire externally, right? So I've hired Peter in his firm to generate leads, and now that's coming in more and more and more, and I'll probably still always be the spokesperson on some level. I'm not looking to remove myself entirely, but piece by piece by piece, I'm removing myself, right? And so when you look at a set of financials, it's exact same thing. Where are the hot spots, where are the problem zones on this on the set of financials, and how can I fix it? And how can I fix it in a way that it's not me in the long run, maybe in the short term, that's fine, but in the long run, how can I replace myself as the solution in that area? And you know where to go, build next if you know how to look at financials, if you know how to look at financials, you can say X marks the spot. Let's get down to the bottom of this. No, we're not going to have handshake agreements anymore for Austin segway tours. That's a legal solution. Perfect. We've updated a process. We may also need to update a person, right? We need to get rid of Jimmy. Jimmy is stealing $87,000 a year out of the friggin business. When we said no dividends, Jimmy's got to go, right? So it might be people, might be process, might be, project, template, something, whatever. But that's what it means to be a builder. A Business Builder. You are an architect of this business. You are, you know, you've gone from being shoveling the coal in the bowels of the ship and also making the beds and also cooking and serving the food and being the captain of the ship, to getting yourself out of the bowels of the ship, and now you are just the captain of the ship, and then eventually, want you to just be the ship architect right now, maybe occasionally you want to go on a pleasure cruise four times a year, just see how it's going on deck. Perfect. There's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with being on the front lines of business or in the business. Just be very intentional about it. And you're you're going to get the maximum leverage when you can know what to go. Build next in the right order, rather than doing all these curls with your right arm sale sales, right? And then you haven't really done anything around operations. And so you got this wimpy little left arm that just dangles, and you look hilarious walking down the street like this, right? Totally disproportionate. So we need to architect the whole business, and we need to make sure that the whole picture is there. Okay, awesome. Any other comments or questions?

Speaker 1  40:40
Okay, great. Let's do one more, and then after that, we'll take a let's How many have we done? We've done 123, yeah, let's get one or two more in. Let's get one more, and then we'll take a break.

Speaker 5  41:01
Well, I guess, since no one's volunteering, I'll volunteer our group.

Unknown Speaker  41:07
Okay, who's your partner?

Speaker 5  41:10
Alanto and Desiree. I don't know if I want to be the smokes person, but together,

Unknown Speaker  41:22
what was the business again? Um,

Speaker 5  41:24
it was number seven. Could you share? It was good, Jim, I can.

Unknown Speaker  41:29
Rob's ex fit. Do

Unknown Speaker  41:32
you want me to share my screen? I can. Yes, please. Should

Unknown Speaker  41:40
have changed it to Pete's exit.

Unknown Speaker  41:47
No comment, no comment.

Unknown Speaker  41:49
The lead in for tomorrow. You guys,

Speaker 1  41:53
yes, okay, so

Unknown Speaker  41:57
we're just highlighting things, right?

Speaker 1  42:00
You read the story first, then you're going to share the summary numbers and then your

Speaker 5  42:04
insights. So total assets is 27 let's, let's,

Unknown Speaker  42:08
let's start with the story at the bottom.

Speaker 5  42:10
Oh, the story, the actual story. So Rob owns one of America's most pop popular exit gyms. People from around the USA travel to see his gorgeous facility, state of the art equipment, and work out with his huge 350 person membership to show their members that they're staying innovative and ahead of the curve, Rob always purchases the latest equipment for training, recovery and body analysis. It's now December 28 the final workout of the year, and Rob is heartbroken. Well, I know his arms are crossed and he's looking out at his gorgeous facility. At the end of the workout, members are flocking towards him, thinking from thanking him for his extraordinary accomplishments. As owner of the gym, puts on a brave face or brave smile, but deep down inside, he's furious he has so little money in his bank account, he can't even pay himself a salary. Hasn't for the last 12 months, and he can't even afford rent, so secretly, he sleeps on the massage therapy tables in the back of the gym. He has a huge membership, awesome revenue, and a really healthy profit margin at 15% what happened? Okay, now, am I reading the other things?

Speaker 1  43:21
Summary numbers, please? Yes. Okay, so

Speaker 5  43:25
total assets, 20 in the beginning, bank balance, 27,000 total liabilities, 26,000 equity is 1000 the revenue and the income statement is 700,000 his total expenses are 597,000 for earnings totaling 103,000 his beginning cash was 15,000 his OCF was 138,000 his ICF was Negative 150,000 his FCF was zero. Ending cash is 3000 his ending bank balance, total assets of 156,000 total liabilities of 52,000 total equity 104,000

Speaker 1  44:16
Yes, and it's ending balance sheet. Yes. Good. Okay, great. What are your insights? Lauren olanto and Desiree, insights and or recommendations.

Speaker 5  44:29
Do well, okay, first I have a question. Can I ask questions about our sheet? We go ahead. It's confusing me. On all the other sheets, the AR was negative, but on ours it was positive, and I wanted to know if that was wrong.

Speaker 1  44:48
Maybe, maybe I don't have a clear answer yes or no, but you're I've heard your question and I've made a recording of it. What are your insights?

Unknown Speaker  44:59
I. Yeah, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  45:04
Was that you Desiree? Go ahead?

Speaker 6  45:05
Yeah. I mean, a couple of things I noticed was his marketing budget is quite extraordinary. For 50,000 I think he could find better means, if he has a loyal customer base already creating some sort of referral program. I'm sorry I have a lot of children in my home. And then Lauren had some insight about with the salaries and the contractors having a, maybe a different pay structure there. But then our big one was the $150,000 equipment purchase, right? Like that could have been amortized. Why is it being all paid out at once? That may be a great way to get some money in his pocket.

Speaker 1  45:54
So just real quickly amortizing, it doesn't mean is amortizing is not the same as cash leaving the business or not. So maybe what you meant to say was a payment plan that then the

Speaker 5  46:06
Okay, we got it. We meant both amortizing and payment planning is what we wrote down, like, see if there. I guess the question was like, Did he already spend this or was it just calculated and input incorrectly? And maybe he's can spread payments over time. But to Desiree's point, the other thing that I suggested because it says that he's purchasing the latest equipment, and so I thought maybe if he could lease the equipment, it would also perhaps become cheaper in the long run.

Speaker 1  46:41
And then, and and how do you know that he's because he has purchased the equipment outright, he just paid cash all in the same year. How do you know that that's true?

Unknown Speaker  46:54
Because,

Speaker 1  47:01
and so where on the where, where in his financials, does it indicate that

Unknown Speaker  47:06
cash flows?

Unknown Speaker  47:09
Yeah, go ahead. Lauren,

Speaker 5  47:11
well, Alan, to send under cash flows, I was gonna say under the ending balance sheet, under assets.

Speaker 1  47:17
And you are both right. Alan to you're absolutely right. We've got equipment right we've got equipment right here of $150,000 or before we had equipment of zero, yep. So we know that that's changed. And we and so, so Lauren, you're right about that. And then we also see alonto, you're correct that ICF changed by $150,000 so we know without a question, that he did pay with cash the whole amount in the same year. Good, okay, what else you guys got?

Speaker 5  47:45
Um, oh, there was, sorry, guys, I have the list apparently. Um, we discussed about renegotiating rent, perhaps, or and also collecting on accounts receivable, because it's a little bit but still $3,000

Speaker 1  48:06
and so is what you're also saying, that rent of $120,000 which is $10,000 a month, that that seems too expensive.

Speaker 5  48:16
I mean, I feel like it seems expensive to me, but I don't know about his space, but he said he can hardly afford. Oh, maybe he was talking about his own rent, I don't know. Couldn't hurt to renegotiate.

Speaker 1  48:31
Okay, so if you can only do a few things, because you're a busy entrepreneur, and you know you've only got so much time to tackle the biggest issues, what are the biggest issues? I so for sure, AR is a possibility, although he has improved it. He went from 12,000 here to 3000 so it seems, it seems like he's getting tighter on AR, especially when you consider that as a percentage of his total assets, three divided by 156. Is a much smaller percentage than 12 divided by 27 so he went from like a 50% ratio of AR to assets at all the way down to like is that one? Is that that would be 2% three of 156 says AR has actually gotten a lot better so, but his equipment purchase, absolutely agree that would be a massive opportunity to go take a look at how he could do things differently. Okay, what else? What else you guys got?

Speaker 7  49:34
So just looking at like what's being paid out as salaries and contractors, that is kind of the operations of, say, like running the gym, since he has such a loyal following that's 210 like possibility of, like, maybe they get a free membership to the gym if they work like a. A as a manager, or like him being like as a mentor to a certain group of people, where it's no longer like a cost base, it's actually like a mentoring like agreement,

Speaker 1  50:23
yep, love, love that, yeah, and that's actually pretty common at CrossFit gyms, is that people help clean in exchange for memberships, and sometimes even coach in exchange for membership. So that's great, yeah, maybe we can switch staff to more kind of like bartering, bartering memberships for their time and talents.

Speaker 5  50:46
And then Desiree had also mentioned either reducing or reallocating the marketing budget, especially since he has such a loyal following.

Speaker 1  50:56
Okay, so is the idea that, like, you know, we spent that much in the past, and you know, to get the loyal following, but because we have a loyal following, we probably don't need to spend that much on acquiring new people anymore. Like, it was a good strategy last year, but we don't need to moving forward. Is that kind of the idea? Yes. Okay, awesome, right? Okay, okay, don't need to spend as much now that we have a customer base. Okay, great, awesome. Anything else,

Speaker 5  51:24
I still don't know about the negative with the AR, because I I'm that hurts my brain that I can't change that and see how the numbers change. So if that was, if it was supposed to be negative, then that would make him, wouldn't it make the ending cash negative? So I'm

Speaker 1  51:47
going to think about this really quickly. If I can't get it really quickly, then we're just gonna have to do this afterwards or tonight or tomorrow, or something like that. So I want to make sure that we get get through everyone here. So adjusting for AR, that means accounts receivable is it should be money that we have not we haven't collected it yet. So earnings are higher than the actual cash collected. And so you think that would be negative nine. Now, I'm just trying to think now if, in fact, there's something else that would cause that to be different? Yeah, I would probably have to look at the full income statement to see I know I had all these. I had all of these financials reviewed by two different accountants, and this was not the one issue that was there. So I might have to double check Lauren, and we may just have to circle back later. Is that

Speaker 5  52:44
all right? Yeah, it just it also could be that I'm still confused about, and we were talking about this in our group, where accounts receivable is money to you, so it, in my mind, it should be a plus, whereas Accounts Payable is money out, so it should be a negative, but it's like, you didn't spend it and you didn't get it. So then it's like, opposite

Speaker 1  53:04
and, well, yeah, and AR and AP should be opposites in terms of positives and negatives. So you know that is logically, like, I think I'm at the same place with you, although I'm not ready to completely jump on because I have had accountants look at this and and whatnot. There might be another reason why, but let's just leave it at it could be a problem. We'll leave it at that for now. Okay, cool. Okay, good, awesome. Well, so you three, how did you feel about financials coming into the course? Overall?

Speaker 6  53:42
Yeah, I feel like I've been very sloppy and messy with and we have essentially two separate businesses, and we're operating them as one, and now I'm seeing how important it is to separate them.

Speaker 1  53:59
Yes, yes, yes, Yep, absolutely. How about you? Alonto, heard boo,

Speaker 7  54:07
um, so again, like treating like the business and kind of like just being off of faith, it was like, Oh yeah, like, you can always just make more money. Like, you don't actually have to, like, look at the numbers. So just looking at like, prior to like this, course, there was really no visibility, or just even, like, a desire to look at the numbers. Mm, hmm. Just

Unknown Speaker  54:44
love it, okay. And

Speaker 5  54:47
then you, Lauren, well, I mean, I think I'm in a weird spot because I did this before, but if I think back to the original time you introduced me to this, I was more. Like the consultant who ran everything through her business and so and I was kind of like an ostrich, so now I have much more perspective on how to do it right now. It's just a matter of doing it right consistently.

Speaker 1  55:19
Yeah, the habit I love that. I think you touched on something awesome, good and alanta. I'm glad that you hit extra bonus time. Jason, I love how you said expenses can always outpace sales. Jason, I totally agree that Rob could also focus on sponsorships, seeing as his business is so popular, and supplement sales. What else could we put in there? Pete, I love what you're saying. We could lease the space out to other people when it's not being used, right? So downtime for the facility and Deb, I also agree with you, Deb that, Deb Jaeger, Deb Jaeger pointed out, what's the $20,000 in maintenance and repairs? I thought it was all new equipment, right? I think that's also at least bears worth putting an X on and circling to see what else is there. So to Desiree alanto and Lauren, look at how far you guys have come. You guys came up with, I made five suggestions just from what you said, and then the group came up with another two suggestions. So I think we should give you a big round of applause for how great a job you've done in such a short period of time. Yeah. Way to go. Way to go. Awesome. Okay, so we're going to take a five minute break here, and then after that, we're going to go strong for the last 52 minutes from we'll come back at 510 so seven minutes, then the last 50 minutes, we'll come back strong. Who hasn't gone yet? Let's see here. Let's see here. Deb and Brandon Yeager and anyone else? Is there anyone else who hasn't gone yet? I feel like I haven't heard Chris's voice yet. Yeah, I haven't went yet. Okay, great. So there's Chris, there's Deb and Brandon. Is there anyone else

Unknown Speaker  56:54
I haven't gone?

Unknown Speaker  56:55
I'm with Chris. Well, Chris and Jim. Yeah,

Speaker 1  56:59
okay, so we still need Chris and Jim, we still need Deb and Brandon and then Quinn, were you with someone or were you alone?

Speaker 8  57:13
I was actually, I just came back. I was in a meeting, sorry. So I missed the sessions between after lunch until now.

Speaker 1  57:19
Okay, so you weren't in a group, then that's right. No, okay, all right, great, great. So we just have Chris and Jim, Deb and Brandon, yes, yes. Okay, good, awesome. I could go one of two ways when we come back. Let me just sit and think on it. But either way, we'll take a break until 510, Central. That's seven minutes, and we'll come back ready to rock see you guys soon. Thank you. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai