Speaker 1  00:00
Go, yeah, Chris, for the win. Yeah. The guy who's the guy who's on 86 minutes of sleep for the second day in a row is the one that remembers to get the recording, not the guy who's in his own home time zone running the course six six feet from his own bed for God's sakes. Like, come on. Timmy, all right, thank you. Chris, okay, did any if you did not get your three recommendations or insights, could you just put up your hand just on the video screen or put it in the chat box? Okay, everybody made some great progress. I love that. That's fantastic. Okay, good, awesome. So here's the next thing is going to happen. We need one group at a time to volunteer. Then let me know which scenario you had. I'll share it on the screen. And then after that, you're going to tell us what your three insights and recommendations are, as if, as if we are your board of advisors and you are the CEO of the company, and you're going to tell us the insights and recommendations that you got. So who would like to go first? Jason Hall, okay, Jason. Jason, I think you had the E comm one, right?

Unknown Speaker  01:17
We were number two.

Speaker 1  01:21
Number two, blue gadgets and red gadgets. Actually, let's have you share your screen, then that way we can follow your mouse as you are circling things and whatnot. Okay, so, yeah, so read for us the story to begin, and then after that, mention just the, the big number, like the, the summary numbers. So here I'll demo this. I'm, I'm going to demo this. So if I was, if I was part of Jason's group, and I was the beginning spokesperson, I would say, okay, get you know, gadgets for EECOM is the business. The story is, John owns an E commerce business, right? Okay, so, so you're gonna read the bottom part. Then after that, you'll say, Okay, on the balance sheet, we have total assets of 27,000 liabilities, total liabilities of 26,000 total equity of $1,000 Income Statement revenue was 90 grand, expenses, 110 grand. Our earnings was we lost $20,283 statement of cash flows. We started with 15,000 OCF was negative. 49,000 ICF was zero. FCF was 34,000 and our end cash was zero, and our ending balance sheet cash was zero. I'm sorry, total assets was 100,000 liabilities is 119,000 equities negative 19,000 so just the summary numbers, and then Part Part one is story. Part two is summary numbers. Part three, start getting into your insights and recommendations. Okay, so Jason, who's your partner, and whichever one you wants to be the beginning. Spokesperson, take it away.

Unknown Speaker  03:02
My partner was Mark, and go ahead,

Unknown Speaker  03:07
so I'll jump in when I need to

Unknown Speaker  03:10
All right, do you want me to read the whole story?

Unknown Speaker  03:12
Do you? Yes? Okay. Story,

Speaker 2  03:14
John owes an E commerce business selling blue gadgets. After having some success, his supplier approached about selling some red gadgets and offering 40% off the original order price. John's eyes lit up, and he couldn't believe the deal he was being offered. I'm going to be rich. Unfortunately, after a large manufacturing order, $100,000 and a big product launch, $25,000 only 20% of the inventory was sold, which was about 40,000 in sales. The business didn't have enough cash to fund the large inventory purchase and bought on credit. Instead, when sales didn't hit expectations, they're left with a lot of inventory, which caused a net loss in the business for the year. Some of the inventory is still owed on the company credit card. What are some of John's options remedy the problem? Okay, so now, do you want me to read just some of the numbers before I get into recommendations? Yeah, just like

Speaker 1  04:20
I said, some of the summary numbers. So total assets, total assets, total liabilities, total equity, yep, go for

Unknown Speaker  04:24
it. Total Assets, 27,000 total liabilities, 26,000 total equity, then, is 1000 revenue, 90,000 expenses, 110,000 plus. And so earnings were in the negative, about 20,000 on the balance sheet,

Speaker 1  04:49
we've got total let's, let's do the statement of cash flows. Let's make sure we get that all right. Beginning,

Speaker 2  04:54
cash was 15,000 OCF was negative 49 1000, which included the negative earnings, an adjustment for accounts receivable, a receivable and adjustment for accounts payable. 44,000

Speaker 1  05:12
yep, that's good. Just go OCF, ICF, FCF, yep, okay.

Speaker 2  05:15
ICF, $0 FCF, $34,000 which is all alone and then on the balance sheet. Oh, you just missed in cash. Oh, zero bucks. Zero. Good. Okay, good. And when you

Speaker 1  05:30
when you talk about the balance sheet, if you can also make sure you say either starting balance sheet, which would be the one on the left, because it's the starting the period, or ending balance sheet, because that's the one all the way on the right. Go ahead, ending balance sheet,

Speaker 2  05:44
as far as assets go, there's zero on cash. Their accounts receivable is 20 grand, inventory is 80 grand. So total assets is 100 grand with a low cash and then their liabilities, they've got,

Unknown Speaker  06:02
you can say the total,

Speaker 2  06:04
yeah, 100 about 120,000 in liabilities, okay? And and equity, they're negative, about negative 20,000

Speaker 1  06:14
Okay, thank you so much. Great. So you've told the story. You gave us some summary numbers, and now, what are your insights and or recommendations, at least three of them, ideally. All

Speaker 2  06:23
right, the first thing mark, and I noticed, is that there's accounts receivable 20,000 and at the beginning years, 12,000 so that's just been growing. And so it sounds like there's some money that could be like, taken out there that would at least zero out the business from the negative, if they could reach out and get people to pay. Second recommendation that we looked at was they've got 80,000 in inventory. They bought it at 40% off the original order price.

Speaker 1  06:58
So even if they could skinny, can you just use your mouse to highlight when you say we've got 80,000 inventory, just everyone knows what you're looking at. Yeah. Awesome. Thank you. So

Speaker 2  07:07
80,000 in inventory. And so the idea is that, one idea that we had is, even if they sold it at a significant discount, just to unload that inventory, they could make back some of the money to potentially pay off some of these loans and debts, and certainly we get and maybe even make that make some money back, because they got it at a 40% off discount. Sounds like they might even be able to sell it at wholesale and still make make profit if they had 40% discount. So that was one idea. Another that seems really obvious is just looking at the income statement, they're in the negative just from all their expenses in marketing, which they did that big product launch of 25k which it had mentioned right here. And so it sounds like they there must be some room to cut some expenses here.

Speaker 1  08:15
And let's just just, just for fun, maybe name some expenses, and maybe how much you would aim to reduce them by?

Speaker 2  08:23
Well, obviously, if marketing and the launch didn't work, I would say in the future, they might want to reevaluate their marketing, because good marketing has an ROI, and there was no ROI on that marketing

Unknown Speaker  08:38
Good point. Okay, what else

Speaker 2  08:42
they could reduce travel, which everybody's doing right about now, but one thing that I've noticed in business is that any any business, any of my team members, that I can ship from contractors to salaried employees, I yield three

Unknown Speaker  08:59
times the result. And I don't know if that makes sense, but I find that

Speaker 2  09:06
team members that are salaried employees in general, that they're invested in the business, versus contractors that are only working part time for my business are only working the end they're working for other companies. I get get there's a lot more communication that's involved with part time members or contractors and employees. I get a lot, much larger yield from each one on a basis.

Speaker 1  09:31
Okay, interesting. Okay, so, so let's and let's just, let's maybe, let's maybe, like, think through the the logic of this, if it's an E commerce business, and I know that you know like you and mark may, may never have had a full blown e commerce business, or maybe you have, when you think of an E commerce business like. How much, how much, and what kind of travel happens when you own an E commerce business?

Speaker 2  10:07
Yeah, not much, unless you're like trying to do some random trade shows, and so I would imagine there should be some in travel.

Speaker 1  10:17
Yeah, my experience is travel for E commerce business owners, is one of three things. Number one, it's going to China to go to the markets, to Canton Fair to see what new products are out there that they might be able to launch. Next two, it's flying all over God greens Earth to attend masterminds that are usually hosted in Airbnbs, that are mansions in cities around the world, which is borderline a lifestyle expense, or number three, is flat out lifestyle expenses that they bury in the business to shoot on Instagram and Facebook. So they have epic followings of how you can live the dream life and the four hour work week. So then they can sell their coaching program on how you too can fly all over the world and live the four hour work week.

Speaker 2  11:06
And that's like, lend, you know, towards the you know, it lends credibility to what you're saying. If you look at their education, and 15 grand a year just in education, maybe that's just seminars and things like that, and that's related to the travel. And so regardless, they're eating more than is on the plate,

Speaker 1  11:26
sure, and, and, and like, you know, I know what I just said was slightly facetious and extra, you know, maybe mocking. Even there are some amazing masterminds to be a part of that offer some amazing insights. And so maybe that education piece is amazing for 15 grand, and maybe we, maybe we do need to travel to Bali to be in a private mastermind, but maybe we could also pitch everybody in the Bali mastermind, because, you know, things are tough in the industry, or something that we host one stateside instead or maybe you zoom in virtually instead of, or you buy the live stream instead of, because a lot of masterminds these days do not have live streams, maybe there's ways to still participate and get the great knowledge, even if we have to kind of cut back on the life, you know, the lifestyle piece a little bit, which would affect both actually, education and travel. Just a thought,

Speaker 3  12:21
was one of the conversations we had was, you know, here's a person selling 90 grand a year, and they're spending $51,000 on education, marketing and travel a little out of line, sure, sure. Like you say, yeah, maybe they've got a sugar daddy or a sugar mama, and this is a side, a side hustle, just to enhance their lifestyle. You just don't know.

Speaker 1  12:44
Okay, so we're asking some good questions. Okay, so what I've got so far? Recommendation Number one, collect on AR. Recommendation Number two, fire sell inventory to pay off, to pay off debt. Now, what would happen if they start paying off a credit card debt? What happens to their expenses? I

Speaker 2  13:10
um, how does that affect their expenses? If they pay off credit card debt?

Speaker 2  13:19
I guess that goes up because that's an expense. Yeah, I

Speaker 3  13:23
think it depends on the context. Are you talking about their nut? Are you talking about from accounting perspective?

Speaker 1  13:30
So if I've got a credit card of $35,000 now, there's no indication on here what the interest rate is, or how, or if they're paying it off at the end of the month, I think there's a good chance that a bare minimum, we need to find out if this $35,000 is being carried. What are the terms of that? Because the set the second that that's being billed at 19.99% a year, that means they would have $700 a year divided by 12, so you'd have approximately $55 a month credit card expense. Now what's interesting is we can actually look just I'm moving my mouse as if you can see it. Let me grab an annotation tool here. Oh, my god, yeah, I'm really bringing the heat today, guys. So this credit card expense right here, you know, we'll be feeding this over here interest expense, right? If there's any loan payable here, if there's any interest on this, and

Unknown Speaker  14:43
that's that would also interest payable right there.

Speaker 1  14:47
Yeah, so this would be, well, this would be interest that's overdue. And actually, yeah, it looks like there is interest payable here that they haven't paid that's overdue on something we. Don't exactly know what, but there is a payable there. So it almost so when I look at this, if they've got interest payable on something for 283 and the total interest expense is 283 I'm almost wondering if those are related. And it almost makes you wonder if there's a 0% interest credit card here for a few months and a 0% interest with mom and dad, right? If, if this is 283 if I've missed a month of paying this interest, maybe it's on the credit card, then I would have 283 interest payable if I've missed a month, right? And so then, if that's all my interest there, then that means this one is free, or vice versa, right? Are you guys falling

Speaker 3  15:45
Yep, we spent most of our time looking at that inventory number and thinking that because they got that amount of inventory for 40% off of presumably wholesale, that they wouldn't even have to sell all of it to get that card paid off and to get things, you know, back into the into the black, you know, because then they could, they could pay that card off. They sold 58 grand of inventory. They could pay the card off and they they'd get their earnings, or they would have cash anyway, that would get them back to, you know, a much better place. And who knows that they can sell 58 or not, but the fact that they got that inventory at such a screaming deal, either it's either it's not worth anything and they got hosed, or it is worth something, and they can dump it on somebody, and because they got such a good deal, it's a good deal for whoever they sell it to, even a 20% off of wholesale.

Speaker 1  16:41
So I love the way you're thinking, and either way, either way, we're selling some inventory. Yeah, right. So the plan it sounds like you guys have for us, first of all, is sell $58,000 of inventory. Did I hear that? Right? At least that, okay, and at least the price that they paid for it, right? Did I understand that? Right? Yeah, okay, great. I've also heard that you're gonna go, you're gonna have a campaign to collect on accounts receivable.

Unknown Speaker  17:12
Is that right, right? Yep,

Speaker 1  17:15
okay. And I also heard that you're gonna take a good, hard look at expenses and maybe correct something in education, marketing and travel, is that correct? Yep. What else you guys got? Anything else?

Speaker 2  17:34
Are usually people and so my one other idea I mentioned was to look at contractors versus salaried employees, and see if there's some contractors that could be shifted to salary, but contractors needed,

Speaker 1  17:51
okay, so managing expenses another one could be looking At switching contractors to employees, or, candidly, maybe even the opposite, right? If, if we've got someone on staff for 40 hours a week, but they're only working 12 hours a week, right? Yes, maybe we can move them from a salary to a contract and but by the hour,

Speaker 2  18:15
yeah, it takes three contractors to equal one, and they're all doing the similar task to to do one full time equivalent. Having a full time equivalent salary would be much more efficient.

Speaker 1  18:29
Love that. Okay, so we could keep going. We could keep going. I do need to point out, though

Unknown Speaker  18:38
there's like that we're missing.

Speaker 1  18:43
Oh yeah. I mean, that's not the direction I was going, Jason, prior to when you logged on to know your numbers yesterday morning. Yeah, what was your opinion of financials, numbers, accounting, all of it just in like one or two words,

Speaker 2  19:03
scary, overwhelming, something to avoid

Speaker 1  19:07
and look at you. You're a day and a half later from looking at three pieces of paper alone with a bunch of scary accounting words on it, you just created a three point plan to rescue this company. Holy shit, dude. That's amazing. That is kind of cool. That is amazing. And Mark, I'm not sure what was your opinion coming into the course of financials off the top head, I'm sorry that I don't remember it first thing yesterday, what was two or three words? What was your opinion of numbers and

Speaker 3  19:44
financials? It's a constant source of procrastination, because I hate it.

Speaker 1  19:47
You hate it. You hate it. Yeah. And Mark, look at what you just did. You came up with a three point plan, and I gave you 20 minutes, for God's sakes. I didn't give you two hours or two. Weeks or two days, you had 20 minutes. And the two, two guys that despise accounting, hate it, want to avoid at all costs, just came up with a rescue plan for this business. And you know what? If I were to sit with this and make recommendations, I might have a few more to add, but it wouldn't be much different than that, and it wouldn't be far off. So I think you guys need to give yourselves a massive round of applause, and everybody on the call, let's give mark and Jason a huge round of applause, because you just outperformed your own beliefs about what you could get done with numbers. Big time, big time, big time. Way to go, guys, way to go. Awesome. Hella cool. Very, very cool. Thank you, Mark and Jason, let's move on to our next person. So Jason, let's stop sharing that screen, please and thank you. And who's next?

Unknown Speaker  21:05
It could stop, yeah, oh, it's way over here. I found it.

Unknown Speaker  21:11
Okay, great. Who's next, Peter,

Unknown Speaker  21:14
number four. Are we going in order? Sorry,

Speaker 1  21:19
Peter, go ahead. Are you with Brandon? I'm with Taryn. Okay, Peter and Taryn, go for it.

Unknown Speaker  21:26
Share my screen.

Unknown Speaker  21:29
Brandon, you can go next.

Speaker 4  21:35
All right, so the story is, James and Larry run a growing food tour business. About half of their booking are paid for online and the remainder is paid in cash the day of the tours. So it's a highly cash intensive business. They've each taken a $40,000 salary because they want to qualify for a mortgage and have a handshake deal not to take any dividends. James is confused why there doesn't seem to be any cash in the bank, and their accountant just sent their $12,000 tax bill. What happened? So on the beginning balance sheet, the total assets was 27,000

Unknown Speaker  22:16
total liabilities was 26,000 and equity was 1000 and then we have the revenue of 400,000 and total expenses of 335,000 with an earnings of 65,000 And then beginning cash of 15,000 OCF, of 64,000 ICF of zero and FCF negative 78,000 so and cash of 100 bucks, and that gets carried over to the ending balance sheet of total assets of 18,000 liabilities of 31,000 and total equity of minus 13,000

Unknown Speaker  23:07
Good,

Speaker 1  23:08
good, good, great job. Awesome. You did the first two parts perfectly. Let's see the third part, which is your insights and or recommendations.

Speaker 4  23:16
Yeah. So I've got a few of them here. I'll rattle off a few and then I'll let Taryn kind of go through as well. So one thing we noticed was the FCF here of negative 78,000 so there was a dividend that was taken out, and the two of them had agreed to not take out any dividends. So Larry, we're gonna assume, took out 78,000 or 79,000 without letting James know that's a tough conversation for those two to have.

Unknown Speaker  23:59
You bad, man. Larry,

Speaker 4  24:03
so it's one recommendation, another one that comes off of that is to not make handshake deals and to get more or at

Unknown Speaker  24:14
least put it in writing.

Unknown Speaker  24:15
Put in writing, yeah, for sure. Taryn, how are you? The

Speaker 5  24:22
other thing we talked about was under expenses. We talked about how the AR was growing, and it became 20k by the finance the final balance sheet, so they're not collecting their AR. And then the other thing was expenses. Was cutting expenses, the marketing. We thought, maybe that can be, be cut the advertising. And then we were also wondering about the miscellaneous. It just says miscellaneous, like a huge number, 45,000 and just miscellaneous. Yeah. Yeah. So we thought that seemed very high. So that was an area it takes to do, to work on

Speaker 1  25:09
that sounds accountable when 45,000 of 40, when 10% of all your of your money is in miscellaneous, that that would raise a few yellow fret flags, maybe even a red flags keep going.

Speaker 5  25:21
It sounds like Larry is doing something in miscellaneous as well. And then the travel we talked about from the other group, that would be another expense to see if they can minimize. We were thinking about House receivable. Can people be pre paying so that there's less weight on the cash, so prepaying at the events, getting the money up front and then providing the food.

Speaker 1  25:51
Okay, so let's so, so let's just go another step beyond because these are three excellent recommendations. How do we what is the next step? So like tactically speaking, because we've got the numbers, which tells us, X marks the spot, we start digging in. We start rooting out what the issues are. From there, the issues we now need to come up with, like a management strategy, a tactic to put in place. So for example, with Jason and Mark, we've got all this inventory, a tactic or a strategy, could be a fire sale, and the fire sale tactic is going to be 25% off for the next seven days, right? So if, if our strategy, or if what we notice in the numbers, is a dividend of 78,900 when there wasn't supposed to be any dividend, then, okay, great. So then from there, the strategy is, put it in writing in the future. That's a strategy. So what's the tactic like if I were to write it down? What's the next action or two or three that would come off that $78,000 red flag?

Speaker 5  27:01
I mean the conversation and then going in credit card bills. So first the conversation of, did you take a dividend? And then, if not, you start going through your books with the bookkeeper, start looking at your credit card expenses to see why there's miscellaneous of 45,000 okay, even though it says 5000 then the ending was 11,000 there, there's some money being put on that credit card. So then investigating further.

Speaker 1  27:31
Okay, great. So we've got a conversation new partners. We've gained wisdom to not make handshake deals, at least put it in writing. So maybe we need to create a partnership agreement, right? That would be something else. What about putting some financial controls in place, like the person who handles the money by day is not the person who deposits the money at night.

Speaker 4  27:51
Yeah, and I think just having that conversation with the bookkeeper to unpack and itemize the expenses. Yes, their tactic,

Speaker 1  28:01
yeah, send email to bookkeeper you know, or call bookkeeper you know what is in miscellaneous.

Speaker 4  28:08
And then another tactic would be to not or have it on our website, or however it is that it's all prepaid before they show up, so that they don't accept cash they have, and that way we don't run into a accounts receivable up here.

Speaker 1  28:25
Yeah, change their policies, change their policies, and not accept IOUs from people you know or like, maybe, maybe, maybe the reason they've been accepting it up until now is because Google, who has an office downtown here, has been sending their new employees or their new recruits that they're trying to convince to move to Google, taking them on this fun Segway tour. That's why Google wants to do it. Maybe James and Larry said yes, because they actually want to have the logo that says, you know, we serve Google right? Well, now that they've done that, they've accomplished that maybe they they're not as interested in maybe they're in a different position, right? Their circumstances and resources and timing has changed, and now they can tell Google on the next contract, we're happy to do it again. We are going to need some upfront payment next time, right? Something as simple as that good. Lauren said, Say that again. Tim the day versus that comment. So, yeah. So a financial control, a financial control is any people process product, anything like that, that gives us some checks and balances and some accountability around numbers. So for example, if James is the one that's running the business by day, James is not the same person who deposits the money into the bank at night, James gives it to Larry. Larry can double check the numbers and make sure that the till receipts that they have, or the online CRM receipts that they have, match the amount of money and. That is in his hands. So now he knows that his daytime partner has been honest, and now they can go and deposit in the bank, and then the first partner can look at the bank account and make sure that the deposit was done accurately. Good. Okay, good. So we could keep going, and there would be more insights to get here. And certainly if we had access to James or Larry or their bookkeeper, or their marketing materials or their operations, you know, we could certainly dig further and see what else that we could find without going any further into it. Though, I got to say, you guys picked out some of the big things that I would have picked out too, and my recommendations, although there may have been more of them, wouldn't have been that much different, you know, or that many more. So I want you guys just pause and take a look at what you just did. Right? Pete Taryn, what was your opinion about numbers and financials and your ability vis a vis financials when we started yesterday? I'd love to hear, I'd love to know

Speaker 5  31:01
I had a very theoretical knowledge, but not as strong implementation I've done Keith Cunningham courses, however, just practicing and practicing and then actually, like finding what can be changed about this statement, what are the corrections we can make? I didn't have practice, so that was really helpful.

Speaker 1  31:20
Amazing. Okay, and Pete, where were you a day and a half ago?

Speaker 4  31:25
Um, I was scared financials, and I would turn the other way. And, you know, not look at it as long as I can. But yeah, now after the day and a half, I feel a lot more confident, and it's actually fun

Speaker 1  31:43
treasure hunt? It's a treasure hunt? Totally, yes. So we got someone who only has a theoretical knowledge she's partnered up with someone who's scared of numbers, and you two just came up with a clear executive level analysis of this business, with clear recommendations and tactics of what to do next in the next like seven days to get the situation cleared up. I'm not sure if you understand how incredibly powerful that is. I think you guys deserve a massive round of applause. Great work. Great, great work. Way to go, and, and, and you're just getting started, right? Think about when this goes into your own businesses, and now, you know, kind of because you do have access to the bookkeeper, you do have access to the marketing and everything that you can dig further and you get to the root of things, that's great. Okay, awesome. I think Brandon had volunteered to actually, I'm sorry I didn't check in. Does anybody need a break right now to use the restroom or anything like that? Yes, okay, great. Let's take a five minute break and come back. This is only a five minute break, so let's race back to make sure that we can get back. Well, I see that it's two minutes to the top of the hour, so I'm willing to make it a seven minute break. We'll be back at five minutes after the hour.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai