Speaker 1  00:00
Yes. So, yes. So, yes, the Inc 500 now I'll just quickly mention about the Inc 500 that I actually don't fault people for wanting to be on the list. I don't fault people who are on the list and promote it. Like, I don't think there's anything wrong with any of that. Like, I think, you know, there's this expression, don't read your own marketing, right? So I think at the end of the day, if, if we are a party being 500 list, and I've got a lot of friends who are or have been, I've got clients who who are and have been great, put it on your website, promote it, send it send it a press release. Let's get all that you know love flowing in. Just don't confuse your marketing to the outside world with your true internal progress. And as long as you can be clear about the two, and you're not drinking the Kool Aid, then, then we're okay, then we're okay. Okay. So other insights from the morning. Go ahead, Pete, I think I had to mute you again. Maybe, Pete, you can unmute

Speaker 2  01:10
yourself. Sure. Yeah, for me, it was the mindset of, if you're in panic mode, you're in paralysis, and to get out of that, you need clarity, confidence and calm in order to think creatively. By having the numbers and knowing where we're at, we can be in that place of clarity, confidence and calm in order to be creative, to make decisions, to get us out of whatever trouble we're in.

Speaker 1  01:38
Love that man. Love how you said that I you know, I think the time to create an evacuation plan to get out of a building is not when the fire is consuming the building and we've pulled the alarm and sprinklers are spraying us in the face like that's not the time to be assessing Well, what are our options here? Right? Whereas, if we can do some forward thinking, we have an opportunity to be to your point. Pete, calm, creative and clear. Calm, confident and clear, so that we can then be creative. Assess options, loop in other people, build things, launch new products as needed, get loans in place, whatever the case may be. So thank you. Desiree says she canceled a subscription and she feels 100 pounds off her shoulders. Desiree, well done. I it. Yeah, way to go. If we were in person, I would like give you a gift or something like that, for being like, the fastest action taker of the group, someone who's already in motion, taking what they've learned and crushing it. Way to go. So that's, that's like, so this course, I think, just to help you make $1,200 how about that? I think this course is ROI. So on that note, again, this is something we do live when you do this course. And actually, there's no reason why we couldn't do it here as well. Is the idea of bonus time. So what bonus time means is, and I got this from my friend Shannon ash in Canada, is when you've hit the point in this workshop where you've got what you came like, you feel like you got your values worth, just say bonus time. And that could be anytime on day one, two or three. Hopefully by the end of day three, you've said it, because from that point on, everything else is bonus time. So is there anybody here so far who's hit bonus time? No. Deborah, yes. Peter, yes. Desiree, awesome. Good, yes, amazing. Okay, good. You guys. Way to go. I think, I think I also saw Taryn as well. Yeah, awesome, amazing. Debs, Debs, Debs, one thumb. I don't know if that's like bonus time or that's like baby sprout bonus. Okay, all right, Deborah is just happy because I gave her the ammo to win the argument with Brandon about unearned, unearned revenue. That's what she's really happy about. That's the bonus. Yeah,

Speaker 3  04:02
touchdown, Deborah, yes, that's amazing. Brandon sulking, his head, his head, his eyes are on the ground. He's like, Oh, this isn't good.

Speaker 1  04:14
You guys are amazing. I love this hooker. I wish we were in person so we could all just hang out full time. So good. All right, any other insights? Let's get one more, one more from the morning.

Speaker 4  04:30
You know, I thought the cash flow spreadsheet and the the the Bloat thing were great. And what made the Bloat thing even better was when Brandon mentioned how he would use the Bloat elsewhere, and that that just blew up for me, because I'm just thinking of all the places where I could use bloat as a as leverage for when helping people.

Speaker 1  04:53
Very cool. Thank you, Mark. Thank you so much. And Mark, who's that adorable girl that you've got on your shoulder. Was in your pictures at your daughter. That's my granddaughter. It's your granddaughter. Dude, you're too young of a granddaughter. Seriously, wow. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  05:07
yeah, that's what I told my son, Yeah,

Speaker 1  05:11
amazing. She's adorable. She's adorable. Okay, yes. Welcome back to the let's dig in. But to this, to the part two. We're now into the afternoon of day one, and there's a couple loose ends for us to tie up here. I told you guys that there was really only four numbers that made a difference, or four factors that made a difference. In terms of true progress. We have internal fulfillment, we've got external contribution. We've got free cash, and we've explained that. So that should be clear. And there was also one other element, and I haven't really talked about it, which is market value, equity. So we just learned at the end of last session that equity is the fancy way of saying net worth. It's the business way of saying net worth. And in the world of business, things get measured, sometimes a little bit in a bit of a funny way. So let's quickly take a look at that. I am sharing my screen here in three. Let me just pull up my right window again. There we go. Okay, three, two and sharing screen, okay? And I will definitely make this bigger. So let's imagine I've got a pickup truck. And in business, sometimes there's this thing called, you know, amortization or depreciation, right? And so really, all that it is, it's the government's way of trying to ballpark, you know, how much do we think the value of this asset is going to go down over time? They give you that table, like the Government of Canada gives me, you know, and gives all entrepreneurs in Canada a table that says a vehicle has five year depreciation, or computers have three year depreciation, or whatever, and what they're going off of is approximately what is the the useful life of this asset. And then they're then, and then they're, they're saying it's probably going to be worth this amount after year one, two and three. So, so, and we're going to talk more about this later this afternoon. What is depreciation and how does it figure in and I know it sounds kind of boring and dry, and don't worry, it'll be entertaining. A pickup truck, we might say, a Ford f1 50, a 2015 pickup truck, if someone buys that pickup truck in 2015 for $28,000 the government might say something like the depreciation schedule for a pickup truck is five years, and we're going to do what's called straight line depreciation. And so straight line just means it's the exact same amount all five years that it goes down in in market, I'm sorry, in book value. And so there's something there's accelerated depreciation, which is where it, like, drops a lot in the first few years, and then, and then it flattens out after that. So, but let's not worry about, let's keep it simple, straight line depreciation is that we're going to talk about. And so this would be the depreciation schedule. And so if I had a Ford f1 50, I bought it in 2015 I bought it for $20,000 then my accountant every year would just be saying, Okay, it's worth this much this year, this much this year, this much this year, this much this year. So that would be the book value of the pickup truck over time. Now here's the thing, the year is now 2020 which is true if I've got that pickup truck, is it actually worth zero? If I were to go to the market, put it on autotrader.com or put it on Craigslist or eBay or Kijiji, or any other website, would it actually be worth zero? Well, maybe, maybe, if it was like a construction site truck, and it was being driven like, 100,000 miles a year. Maybe it's dead by year four, like, who knows? Maybe it's like, literally toast. We've ruined it. We've used it completely. Most likely, though, and I could already see people nodding, and I agree with you, most likely, it's not actually worth $0 in the fifth year, right? In fact, in fact, I went on to auto trader, and I looked up a used 2015, Ford, f1, 50, XLT to see what's what it'd be worth today. And look what I found. 16,009 88 that's not zero. How strange is that? And what's even crazier is this is the exact same pickup truck used 2015, Ford, f1, 50. It's the same like level of options. It's also the XLT, right? They're both two wheel drive, rear wheel drive, both eight cylinder. You can see it's exactly. The same specifications. The only difference this one is 84,000 miles. This one is 63,000 miles fewer miles on this one, and it's worth 23,004 97 right? Worth, way more. So even even amongst vehicles from the same year, there isn't agreement on what it's actually worth. How do you figure out what the true worth is of an asset in the market, whatever the market is willing to pay you for it, right? So there's situations in business where, where a where a an asset might have book value of $0 but the market value is like 100 grand or something, or 20 grand or whatever. Now the opposite can also be true, right? Maybe I've got book value that says it's really, really worth a ton, but the market value, it's not really worth anything. So that is, yet again, another example of how tax accounting and entrepreneur accounting are two different worlds. And if you wanted to actually know the progress that you're making, we would need to make sure, if we get all the way up here to our true progress, metrics, free cash, right? Fully earned, not committed, not due to payable, and then market value, equity, what is the value of our assets versus minus liabilities, as far as the market is concerned, not just the book value. Okay, are we good on that? Thumbs up, thumbs up. Yep. Brandon's good. Pete's good, yeah. Okay, good. Okay, great, awesome. Next up, next Lucinda. Tie up. Next Lucinda. Tie up. So I wanted to share with you guys really quickly. Want to share with you really quickly. And I mean, I think because of the times we're in right now, we probably don't need to spend too much time on this. Everyone is already pretty keen on like, you know, maybe paying my bills slower is a good idea. And let me, let me just show you three scenarios. So this is a fictitious business. Obviously, there's pretty much no business in the world that is going to have exactly $1,000 cash in every single day, but we're just playing make believe here for learning purposes. Okay? And so we're going to say that this business has $1,000 cash in every single day. And this is the day the month, first of the month, second, third, fourth, fifth, all the way to the 30th of the 31st. 31st right there. And then, then, that's the beginning of the next month, the first. If so that that's the situation that's that's cash in this. This is the day that I received the bill. This is the day that I received the bill. So, so my graphic designer sent me a bill for $2,000 on the first of the month. My first internal teammate sent me $2,500 that's their invoice for the month. On the second of the month, I got to pay for this mastermind $3,000 on the third of the month, right? So it's all just like invoices that I'm getting. So scenario a scenario scenario a, let's just zoom this in some more. Scenario A, can I zoom this in some more? There we go. Is that I pay immediately, so literally, I get the bill for $2,000 and so then I pay it off, okay? Then on the second of the month, I get a bill for $2,500 for my teammate, and I pay it off the same day. So if I'm theoretically paying everything off immediately, some people hate having payable some people just feel like, oh my god, the second is there. I got to pay it off. Then this is the scenario, right? So if I've got, if I start with $10,000 cash, that's my start cash. There 10,000 in and on this day, I get a bill for 2000 so I'm down to 8000 and I made 1000 then I'm left with 9000 that's my balance, right there. $9,000 is the start of the next day. I pay 2500 I make 1000 I'm now at 7500 and so on for so forth, similar to our cash flow forecast, you can see that I hit the crisis line right here. So I hit it on day 11, I hit the crisis line, and the next day I have no expenses, right? I'm $500 upside down. I've hit the crisis line. Theoretically, the next day I've got no expenses, but I do have $1,000 coming in. So I would be back above, above, you know, zero, and then I'm back under, right? So that's what we're looking at here, and that's, that's what would play out. And you can see that I would be in red for a while, and then after that, because I'd paid, you know, all my expenses earlier in the month, then as I was making more money, later in the month, I would end up being back above water, and I would finish the month in this $4,700

Speaker 1  14:58
range. That's how much minute have a. The end of the month. So far so good. If, yes, put a thumb up. Brandon, Peter others, yeah. Okay, great. Now what if, instead of paying immediately, what if I just said I'm only going to pay my bills at the end of the week, I'm going to let them, kind of like, pile up, and I'm going to pay them on the like, fry every Friday, I'm going to pay everyone. So then what that looks like is, I start with $10,000 I have $1,000 come in. There's no cash out. Even though I got the bill, the bill arrived here, but I didn't actually pay it until here. As you can see, cash out. And if you're to add up all the bills that came in, you can look at the little sum total bother says 11,000 Sure enough, it's 11,000 so if I've got 10 plus one is 11 plus two is 12 plus a third is 13, right? And so now I'm at 16. I've got 11,000 that went out that day. I had $1,000 that came in and left us 6000 Right. And on we go down. We go, well, guess what? Where do we hit the crisis line in this case, right? Let's just hide these. Get them out of the way. In this case. In in this case, we're hitting the crisis line. Let me just zoom out just a little bit here. Whoops, select the right window. In this case, I'm hitting the crisis line a little later. So if you remember the previous crisis line was the 13th, I'm sorry the 11th was the crisis line. Just by paying my bills. A little bit later, I don't hit the crisis line until the 14th, so I'm already seeing an improvement. And at the end of it all, at the end of it all, oops, went too far, I'm actually at the exact same cash spot, $1,700 $1,700 if we just look at the number of red days that I've got, I've only got 1234567899, red days compared to 1-234-567-8910, 1112, 1314, 15 or 16. So already my heart rate has gone down, and I'm seeing far less red over here, and I'm ending in the exact same spot, $1,700 in the bank at the end of the month. Now, what if I went another step further, and what if I only paid once per month? If I paid only once per month, I take all the bills that I've received. I add them all up. Let's look at the little Auto Sum here, negative 36 300 and sure enough, over here, negative 36 300 I'm starting the month with $10,000 plus one, plus one, plus one every day that goes by. So sure enough, we see 1112, 1314, 1516, 17. It's going up, up, up, up, up. And then I've got that lump sum of 36 three at the very end of the month. Where do I end up? Same exact 1700 same exact 1700 as the other two scenarios. It's the 28th of the month, or whatever, and it's the exact same landing spot of $1,700 yet how many? When did I hit the crisis line? Never. How many red squares? None. So literally, the timing is just as important as the amount that comes in and the timing of when cash comes and goes out of our bank account can be the difference between the crisis line and having a very uncomfortable situation and being totally, totally in the clear. Okay, any comments or questions? Yeah, but what if I don't believe you? Any objections,

Speaker 5  19:02
I'm just immediate fear. Response is like this would like stuff's going in and out that I'm not even aware of sometimes, and it might put me at the end of the month, I might not if I'm not aware, then I'm in a dangerous spot, because maybe the money's just not there for the things that are necessary or required. So what I'm

Speaker 1  19:20
hearing you say, Jason, is you're afraid that if you said, I'm only going to do this once a month, that that you would end up piling up a ton of payables, and you wouldn't have any cash to pay it, and it would just be a really big number that you wouldn't be able to handle. Is that

Speaker 5  19:38
right? Right? Okay, to pay at the beginning of the month, like all my, all my things, early,

Speaker 1  19:43
sure, sure, so. So I would say, you can, you can navigate. You can navigate in the

Unknown Speaker  19:56
way of

Speaker 1  19:59
pay, everything. Right away, and everything is like, super tight. The risk you're running is unnecessary stress here. Yeah, okay, and, and the way that you avoid unnecessary stress, and to your point, avoid not having the money at the end of the month, or being really surprised or something, is to have someone on your team, ideally not you track payables. My great assistant does that for me. I would not trust someone in a third world country for $4 an hour to track my payables. First of all, they don't have access to my email inbox and have access to my Google Drive. They don't have access to my brain. They don't know what's happening in my calendar. They don't, oh no. They just, they just don't have the situation to succeed. Whereas an executive assistant that's coming out of corporate or professional America is based in the United States or Canada knows my language natively, knows business culture, North American business culture natively, similar same time zone, right? And is used to being in a business setting. That person is the right profile for me to at least consider them to be my right hand person, and that's who Denise is for me, right? She works. She lives in San Diego. I'm in Austin. We work virtually every month. She is tracking payables. And all I have to do is click into Google Drive and click one document, and in front of it is my payables and the dates that they're due by. And we can watch payables against how much free cash we have in the bank. We can watch that every single week. She can just provide a report to me, and I know I'm in the clear. So that little bit of like, first of all, having an assistant, or having someone on your team who can play that role. And secondly, them having the training and know how to track. And thirdly, them having the the tool here to be able to and it's wouldn't be this tool, but it's a different spreadsheet to build track payables. Like, put those three things together, and now you get to you get to play. You get to level up in terms of running your business out of empowerment rather than fear, from strategy rather than avoidance. How does that sit for you? Jason,

Speaker 5  22:26
it sounds like a transition that I need to make, and I don't, I don't like I don't have an assistant right now, like my assistant has moved into other roles, so I need to, when I have the revenue to get an assistant, I can do that, but I think right now I really want to be hyper aware of all this, so I want to do it myself, to learn and make sure I'm really conscious of all this.

Speaker 1  22:53
Okay, sure. And also, I'll share with you guys, like it's taken me years to, like, figure everything out. And I would say it probably takes months to build each piece into your like financial headquarters, right? And so cash flow forecast is the first step. No question about it. Don't doubt it. Just that's just the first step, okay? And then from there, you know, then you start adding other pieces. Then you start adding other pieces, okay, awesome. Brandon and Peter. I think both had something to say. Maybe Brandon first. Oh, not Peter. Okay, Brandon, go ahead.

Speaker 6  23:29
I was just gonna ask. I this also is suggesting that you pay everyone only once a month,

Unknown Speaker  23:38
correct? And so what could you do about that?

Speaker 6  23:44
Well, I mean, I mean, I guess you could, you could pay every once a month. Or are you suggesting that you maybe you do something different? Is what you're saying. Are you asking, still, nothing different. Are you saying, working within that, how you would communicate it

Speaker 1  23:57
so literally, an expectation I set with everyone that I send money to, whether it is an internal team member or an outside contractor, is that we pay people once a month on the 15th of the month for the previous month. So I'm actually paying not even just 30 days, I'm paying, like 45 days in some cases. And because that's an expectation I've set with every single vendor, every single teammate, every single everything, that's just the situation, right? And that's the expectation. So you may not be able to do that for certain reasons, like all my teammates are contractors. I don't know if employees, you could have that payment schedule, maybe not. But even if you just move from paying bi weekly to paying once a month, you would already be taking advantage of this, of this strategy and and especially with outside contractors, where you're negotiating, and maybe it's a one time thing at all times. I absolutely would be negotiate. And most people negotiate on price only. And if you want to say, You know what, sure I can give you your price, I'm going to need you to be to work with me on terms. And I'll say, What do you mean? You can say I'm looking for net 45 you know, or I'm looking for net 60 or something like that, which means that I'll give you the price. I won't quibble with you. I won't negotiate with you. I will, however, need to an invoice that allows you to pay within 60 days or 45 days, or 30 days, or whatever. That is, just as important man terms is just like a terms can break a deal as much as price can. Very good. Any other questions or, yeah, but, but not what ifs, objections, anything like that.

Speaker 7  25:45
I just wanted to say, This is Lauren that this, so I've never seen this before, so this is brand new to me. So yay for something new. And know your numbers, um, and I was just thinking of our other business, which is really heavy in inventory and supply chain. And wow, I want to do this right now because we, because one of my businesses, we pay once a month already, and it's super, super helpful. But the other one, I'm like, Dang, this could be really helpful. So my question is, is this a worksheet we have access to or do we need to go recreate?

Speaker 1  26:25
I like that. You're putting it as one of two options. There are multiple options. Lauren, in conversation, negotiation in your life. Everyone notice where people are setting up for a binary option, and always be aware there's always a third option or more. So I could, I could share that it's a teachings,

Speaker 1  26:52
like, where's the Nin actually change? Like, I don't know that there's businesses that have $1,000 exactly, or, like, this isn't quite as flexible as like a live document. If you know what I mean, I can share it. Is the purpose. Just because you want to be able to show your client or business partner that this is how important this is.

Speaker 7  27:12
Yeah, I just want to show my dad who that's our other company that, if we just especially right now, because most of our vendors are on 30 to net 30, etc, and so I think this would be a really great exercise for us to go through together over the coming week.

Speaker 1  27:29
Awesome. So then, if that's the case, at bare minimum, you'd be able to take the recording of this, which should be available right away, maybe as early as tonight, and then just type, just timestamp like 2:15pm in the top right corner of Tim's video window to share this with your dad, then he can see it directly. So no, thank you. You're welcome. Now, I will say not all vendors are wild about renegotiating, and sometimes it's awkward and sometimes it doesn't make sense. Okay, I'm not here saying it's just met wave the magic wand and voila, everyone's willing to pay you in 70 days. Like, in fact, that's sometimes a complaint some businesses have, like, a lot of people who sell online, like physical products on Amazon or through walmart.com complain that Walmart has net never terms. You never get paid. They're just like, 300 day net 300 or something like, it's not 300 but just feels like you're never actually getting your cash from a getting your cash from Walmart as a vendor selling

Unknown Speaker  28:25
through Walmart. Yeah, okay, looking for a win. Win.

Speaker 1  28:28
Yes, exactly. And, you know, and part of in their cash flow forecast exercise, we talked about like, hey, maybe we're willing to give people more money if they'll pay us sooner or maybe or later. Like we can sometimes renegotiate more than just the payment date to make it a win, win for everybody. Yeah, 100% love it very good. Okay, any other Yeah, buts what ifs or other objections Going once, going twice, okay, and moving on, all right. Next up, cash versus accrual. So we talked about this a little bit before. We talked about this a little bit before, and I was talking about how cash accounting is really simple to understand, because when money shows up, you say you made revenue, and when money leaves, you say you had an expense. Here is a head to head comparison of the exact same series of financial transactions, one measured with cash, one measured with accrual. Lauren, is this new as well? Have you seen this before?

Speaker 7  29:30
Um, I don't. I think in like a similar fashion, but not like this.

Speaker 1  29:36
Okay, we're raising the we're raising the game. I love it good. Okay, so this is our assumption here. I'll make this a bit bigger. So for this example, we assume expenses are paid right away and invoices are paid 30 days after. And then from just for the ease of this lesson, we're going to assume costs are 50% of invoices. So you don't even need to worry about this top part. I'm just saying, if there's anyone who's like. Hyper analytical, super account and super star. These are just the assumptions that I'm teaching from. Okay, so let's say that it's January 31 I get an invoice for $10,000 and I pay 8000 and the expense is 5000 so remember, we said that our costs are 50% of invoices. So you'll see the invoice is 10,000 expenses, 512, 1000 invoice. Expense is 611, 1000 invoice, 55 is expense, right? So it's always expense is always half of the invoice, okay? And we also said that we're paying invoices 30 days after. So this $10,000 of invoices we pay it 30 days later. Here, $12,000 of invoices we're paying 30 days later. There, $11,000 of invoices we're paying 30 days later. There, okay, so if we were just thinking cash accounting, if we were just thinking cash accounting, I've paid $8,000 I've been paid $8,000 correction, and I had $5,000 of expense. I was producing this invoice. So I had this expense. I was paid $8,000 I had $5,000 leave my bank to pay for expenses. So that means my cash accounting net income would be three. Eight minus five is three. I have another invoice for $12,000 that I sent out right to clients, and clients are now paying me. So this is the invoice from the previous month that I sent out. I'm now I've now been paid. So I've had $10,000 in cash come into my bank account. I have $6,000 in expenses. Why? Because I was producing this work. So 10 minus six is $4,000 next month, I bill clients $11,000 I get paid 12 because that was from the previous month. And I finally got paid, and I have expensive 5500 to my team and whoever, because we had to produce this work. So my cash accounting, I have 1212, come in, 55 leave. Are you following so far? If yes, thumbs up, yep. Okay, perfect. So if we follow this cash accounting series of transactions, we get to a month, for example, here where I invoiced only $4,000 right? So that means I got paid the next month $4,000 I sold an invoice 10,000 and produced 10,000 which meant I had expenses of 5000 so cash accounting would show that that was my worst month ever, right? 4000 minus 5000 Oh, my God. What a horrible, horrible month. Never, ever, ever do that month again because you lost $1,000 when, in fact, that's a pretty damn good month. I sold 10 G's, and that 10 G's is just in the pipeline. It's on its way, right? But that's not how cash accounting works. Cash accounting works only on when does cash come or leave your bank account? And if we look at cash The cash story, it's in the blue line here, we're up and we're down, and we're up and we're down right to go from $13,000 here to negative one, that's this massive drop and up. And it's like a roller coaster ride right now, if we go further, and if we now say, well, then what was my margin? Each of these months we calculate margin, if you remember. So the first thing we talked about, if I sell 100,000 and I've got 50 in expenses and I've got 50 in profit, then my profit margin is 50% right? So we divide what we keep divided by what we sell. So in cash accounting, I'm going to divide 3000 by 8000 because this is the money that came in. It's going to say my gross margin was 38% that month. I'm going to divide my net income, my net profit, 4000 by what I was actually paid, not what I sold, but what I paid. And so four divided by 10 is 40% and so you can see it's just this like wild bucking horse, where we've got cash accounting says 13,000 came in. And I'm sure that was my net income, and that's how much money came in compared to me being paid 15. Good Lord, if I keep 13 out of 15, that's an amazing i. That's an amazing profit margin. That's 87% this is mind blowing, right? So, but then what about the next month? Well, $1,000 divided by how much I kept by how much came in, I lost 25% are you serious? Right? So it's this just absolute insane bucking bronco roller coaster that would make anyone lose sleep at night, which then leads to kicking the dog in the morning, which leads to bad health, which leads to bad decisions, which leads to stress at home and stress in the business, when in fact, if we just took a different lens and we said accrual accounting, accrual accounting, would look at it this way. We sold $10,000 we had expenses of $5,000 and even though we didn't collect all 10 we know that the remaining amount is on the way. And so our accrual, net income, this is what we kept, okay, divided by what we sold is $5,000 is 50% next month, we sold $12,000 we had expenses of six. That means we kept six, and our margin is 50% the next month, we sold 11. We collected. Doesn't matter. We collected expense was 5500 that means we kept 5500 that means the margin is 50. You see where I'm going with this. Every single one of these months is actually a 50% gross margin. And now you can actually do an analysis to say What month was really fantastic. Well, if we're talking about sales, this was our best month. Nope, this, nope, this, this is our best month. What did we do that month for for sales? Let's unpack that and find out. Let's go do more of it. What was our best month for expenses, this month right here. Okay, great. How can we go do more of that, right? And now we can begin tweaking. Now, if you can, if you've got accrual accounting in mind, you might be saying, Well, Tim, how can you possibly be saying this? We just finished saying that, like cash is king, and the most important thing is cash flow, cash coming, cash going. How could you possibly say, Tim, don't worry about cash accounting. It's a bad idea. It's horrible for analysis. You should be on accrual accounting. Tim, how could you possibly say that? I can say that because I'm actually tracking both. I'm tracking both. It's not one or the other. I'm making my decisions based on my cash flow forecast parallel to my accrual accounting financials. You put those two together, you guys and you have got super powers, a cash flow forecast plus accrual based financials, and you've got superpowers. And on top of that, we're going to add some analysis tools and workflow and all, and we're going to just keep building your superpower toolbox here. Okay? Chris says, bonus time. Fantastic. Chris, amazing. That means, Chris, are you going to bed now? Is that what's going on? It's like, 3am in Australia. He's like, dude, thank you. I'm good. It's sleepy time. He says, No way. Oh, even better. Repeat business is the sign of a happy customer. So he's sticking around, Chris, that's fantastic. Deborah is saying everything. He's bonus time. Debra, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. Lauren is saying, I'm loving this. And Lauren's saying, This is so helpful. Pablo is happy. I love this. This is so good, so good, amazing. Brandon's got big thumbs up.

Speaker 1  39:18
Yes, Deborah saying it. She's never heard this from an accountant, and you wonder why there's so much frustration between us and accountants. Like, literally, this, course, that's why I told you guys in the beginning, like, this is the missing piece. It's the Rosetta Stone. It's the bridge between us and a few different things, us and our accountants, us and our actual financial progress, us and our leadership right of our businesses leading by the numbers. Okay, I see that Brandon and Deb say awesome information, Tim, which is their way of saying you're doing good, Tim, but not quite bonus time yet, I see you guys are doing very encouraging and you're still holding out cards close to the. Vest. I like how it is, so let me just draw this. I promised this a little bit earlier. I promised this just a little bit earlier, and let me just check my checklist of things. Yes, yes. Okay, great. Any actually, before I do my drawing? Any objections, any Yeah, but what ifs for this before I move on peace and harmony, on the on the family front, we're good. Okay, good, all right, so let me get that closed down. Let's get this closed down. Let's get that closed Yeah, we'll be heading here next. But before we go there, we need it's time for another TFO. You guys, another Tim Francis original, and you will be dazzled that I'm bringing the 1980s back. I am bringing the 1980s back. Let's just get the right camera selected here.

Unknown Speaker  41:10
Okay, great.

Speaker 1  41:18
All right, I had this all set up just a moment ago. Yeah, I just gotta stop sharing my screen for a sec. Here. Welcome back, Mark. Part of what you missed is we had bonus time from a few folks. So that's that's exciting. Your main man, Brandon, is, I think, I think we're getting him close to bonus time. He's not quite there yet, but almost, almost, almost, almost.

Unknown Speaker  41:48
Okay,

Speaker 6  41:51
no, I want to say Tim, I think we might have just hit bonus time.

Speaker 8  41:55
Oh, okay, those are my thumbs up. I think I hit bonus time. Okay, good mark. That means that

Speaker 6  42:04
I've gotten enough value for what we paid for, and everything here on is bonus time.

Unknown Speaker  42:08
Cool,

Unknown Speaker  42:12
fantastic.

Unknown Speaker  42:14
Just coming after me because I missed a few minutes.

Speaker 1  42:20
We want you to feel included. That's it. That's what that's all about. Yeah, yeah. Nothing but love, man. Nothing but love. Stop. I had you guys. I had this all set up over lunch. Let me just see what is happening here. I uh,

Speaker 1  42:45
camera one, and we're gonna switch to camera two here. We might have a little bit of conflicting technology here,

Unknown Speaker  42:53
hmm,

Speaker 1  42:57
you think of all the things, and then there's just one thing, let's see or stop my video as well here.

Speaker 1  43:13
Okay, so guys, just relaunching a camera quickly. Here, I'm

Speaker 1  43:30
Mm, okay, we are going to go no video of Tim for the next little session here.

Speaker 1  43:50
Oh my goodness, Brandon and Deb have now announced bonus time too. It's exciting. Okay, so while we're doing that, please pull out the missionary screen here. Please pull out the this right here. So ahead of time, Denise had sent an email out requesting that you print this out. Now I understand that that email, it sounds like it ended up in the spam folders. For some people, I understand that also, given the craziness of the pandemic, maybe you didn't have time to make it out to Kinkos or staples to print it if you don't have a printer. So if you don't have this printed out, not the end of the world. We can still make it work, and we'll just have to follow along, like digitally. So can I maybe just get in the chat box? Can you guys let me know if you've got it, just say, got it. And if you don't as in, if you have it printed, just say, printed. That would be better printed. If you don't have it, then I. Maybe just put not printed. And let me just get a sense of where we are all at.

Unknown Speaker  45:07
Okay, printing, got it

Speaker 1  45:11
and printed. Printing now, printed, not printed, got it and printing. Now, can you give us a minute printing, printing, got it? Okay? Yes, I can give you a minute. I

Unknown Speaker  45:20
can give you a minute.

Unknown Speaker  45:24
Okay.

Speaker 1  45:37
Okay, we have a winner. Technology is on our side. Technology is on our side. Okay, can you guys see my screen should be some should be a hand. Y'all can see that? Yep, okay, perfect, great. So very first thing is just the drawing that I promised you guys. Back this up, just a little bit. That's my lap. There we go. So I guess I should have done like a manicure before this, because my hands are going to be like on screen here right away, the role of accounting, the role of actually, financials. Traditionally, it goes like this, we've got,

Unknown Speaker  46:22
we've got

Speaker 1  46:25
us. So we're the entrepreneur. We as the entrepreneur. We make some decisions. From those decisions, we then take actions, and that also includes transactions. I just made that up right now, putting the trends before the actions, I'm pretty proud of myself. Then from there, our bookkeeper and accountant take those transactions and they'll do two things. One, they'll create a tax return, which then gets fired off to the IRS in the US or the CRA in Canada, or, I'm not sure what the Australian equivalent is okay, and then from there, they send to you financials that are typically prepared for taxes. So it's like tax accounting financials. And I put a dotted line because they have, like, limited utility to us. Okay? So then from there, that's where it stops, and we as entrepreneurs wonder why we're not making a ton of progress financially in our business. Well, that's because our decisions are not informed by our finances in the first place. Our decisions are informed by how much do how do we sell more? And because our consciousness is in revenue, revenue, revenue, revenue. How do I sell more? How do we grow the business, top line revenue? Naturally, we're going to be drawn to things related to revenue, like email marketing and writing a book and building a signature talk and improving our sales funnels and on and on and on. What would happen if we then

Unknown Speaker  48:29
could get some clear,

Speaker 1  48:35
entrepreneur friendly financials? So yes, that is, that's accrual accounting. That is a seafloor forecast. In short, it's what you're learning through know your numbers. Now in your business, you might have some unique needs that require extra tools outside of what we teach in area numbers. So I don't mean to say that narrow numbers is the total complete of everything you'll ever need. Obviously, it's a good starting point, though, an excellent starting point. And and from there, you now had the opportunity to make clear, clear decisions,

Unknown Speaker  49:27
clear decisions. By the numbers, how much would that now radically elevate your ability to make true progress in business? This whole half here. We never get taught in school, okay? And that's where know your numbers comes in, this whole half of the equation. I'm.

Speaker 1  50:00
Yeah. Now for a bookkeeper, accountant to do this down here, they gotta, they gotta pass crazy exams, and they need to spend years in school and get licensed, and on and on and on and on. For us to do this part, it does not take years and years and years and years. You'll work on the practice and you'll get better and better all the time, for sure, the the the this is the tax code, this is like a three day workshop to at least get us going. Okay, now, obviously, the more complicated your business, the more moving parts like, the more that the actual implementation can have lots of pieces to it. So I don't mean to oversimplify it. I just don't want anyone to feel like overwhelmed. Okay, all right, so the next thing we're going to talk about this is another Tim Francis original. This is, I'm actually extremely proud that I was able to put this together and to that point, like anything that I share in here, if you want to re share it with your audience or with your staff or anything, please do check in with me first, I'd appreciate that the $100,000 in four years of banging my head against the wall and sitting late night at the dining room table trying to figure this all out could be respected. So this is what's called Diamond financials. So this is called Diamond financials, another Tim Francis original. And diamond financials basically helps us to see that

Unknown Speaker  51:32
how our balance sheet,

Speaker 1  51:40
our income statement and our statement of cash flows all interact. So our balance sheet Surprise, surprise is the net worth statement of of the business. So the same thing when you did a scratch balance sheet, or you were learning about a scratch balance sheet for the for your personal finance, the balance sheet is the same thing, except for business, so there's a few different words on it, like equity instead of net worth, has a lot more pieces to it, but it is that's all that it is. And a balance sheet like your personal net worth statement is the State of the Union as of the day that we have the balance sheet created since inception. So for example, for example, the Hudson's Bay Company, Hudson's Bay Company, Hudson HUD, sons Bay Company. There we go, the Hudson's Bay Company, if we look it up here, was founded may to 1670 that's that is exactly 350 years ago. We have these stores in Canada. It's called the bay HBC. Hudson's Bay Company actually owns Saks Fifth Avenue, so you've maybe even been to a Hudson's Bay Company business, and you had no idea. When you pull a balance sheet for Hudson's Bay Company and it says, march 23, 2020, you are looking literally at a 350 year old balance sheet, because every balance sheet you ever look at is since inception until the day that the Balance sheet says at the top. So getting back to now back to this. Our balance sheet is going to be since inception, whether that's 350, years, 25 years, whatever, okay, since inception, all the way until the date of the balance sheet. And every balance sheet is going to have a date at the top that says, As of, let's say January 120, 20. Let's just say, actually, say 2019 and however old your business is until that date, that is the State of the Union on your balance sheet, it's gonna say assets, just like on a personal net worth statement, it's gonna say liabilities. And instead of saying net worth, it'll say equity, and we're gonna get more into that, okay, on here is not where you see I sold $100,000 or a million dollars. Okay? That is on your income statement.

Speaker 1  54:50
Income Statement, also known as a profit and loss, also known as a P, l1, of my big frustrations with accounting, and part of why it makes so confusing for us entrepreneurs, is. There's so many damn words that actually mean the same thing. Net Profit is net income is bottom line, top line revenue is sales is that's all at the top right here, right? That's sales, right? So there's going to be revenue on every income statement, there's going to be expenses, and then there's going to be earnings or net income. So I'll put earnings right there, also known as net profit. Okay? Now an income statement is not since inception. It is not going back to the beginning of time. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. An income statement is only telling you from this balance sheet until the next balance sheet. So let's say this balance sheet is as of January 120, 20. It's it's only telling you from this balance sheet to that balance sheet, this is the time period. So you'll see at the top of every income statement, right underneath the title at the top there, it'll say for the period, and it'll say, in this case, it would be January 120, 19, two. And it'll usually say just the day before, like December 31 2019 it'll say something like that for the period January 120, 19, so that it covers the exact period between the two State of the Unions. So this balance sheet is also since inception, right? It's just going further. It's going all the way to here, right? And so basically, the scorecard of your business is not the income statement. Every entrepreneur wants to say, well, I've got a seven figure business. That's a revenue statement on the income statement, but that has nothing to do with true progress of the business. Because guess where the only two things that are true progress is free cash, which is here in the assets and here in equity. That's it. This is actually just a bunch of story about how we went from here to here.

Unknown Speaker  57:30
If I want to know

Speaker 1  57:33
if my business is successful, I can compare this balance sheet to this balance sheet to say how's our progress. And if I want to know what caused the change in progress, whether we got better, we got worse or stayed the same, I can just look here, and I can say, how did the team do, how did the operators of the business? Now, you might also be an operator of the business, right? You might be an owner, right, watching the progress of the business. You might also be an operator. Most of us on this call are also operators of our business, and we and from there, we can zoom even further in and say, How did the sales team do, right? How did the delivery team do, or the operations people, right? And then even within that, we can say, you know, there's a lot of interest expense here, for example. So how are we doing it, at managing even some of the loans that we've got, right? And we can just drill in, drill and drill and drill and drill in, all in here to see the people who are actually operating in the business. How are they doing? This is the report card of their performance. This is the report card of the business. Now, when you both own the business and operate the business, you very much care about both of them. Okay, now there actually is something else that also tells us about what happened and when we're in accrual accounting. Remember I said I care about both. I care about accrual accounting and I also care about the cash flow forecast, right? So there's a third document, and most of us on this call will have never, ever seen one of these before, because accountants do not typically give it to you unless you ask for it, and that is called a statement of cash flows. Now, I know we just talked about a cash flow forecast that is a different document than a statement of cash flows. A statement of cash flows, just like an income statement, only covers a period of time only the balance sheet is from inception to whenever the balance sheet is pulled, inception until whenever the balance sheet is pulled. The income statement and the statement of cash flows tells us the story of how we went from one state of the union to the next state of the union. A statement of cash flow. Is going to have five things on it, and it's actually very simple

Unknown Speaker  1:00:05
start cash.

Speaker 1  1:00:10
And that number is literally just pulled from however much cash is on your beginning balance sheet. It literally it just auto populates. It's the exact same number. And guess what? Similarily end cash right here. This number just goes straight into here, under assets in the section called Cash. It that number goes exactly across the way then from there, so there's start cash and end. Cash, super easy to understand how much cash that I have at the start of the period, in the end of the period, okay, then from there, we're going to have cash flow from operating and like it sounds, it's like from operating the business, how much cash flowed in or float out. So just to be clear, this right here is the cash story. This is I can open up my bank account on this day, January 120, 19, which is also the beginning of the statement of cash flows. I could open up my bank account, and that right there, that start cash number, that is the number I would see in my in my online banking, and at the end of the period on December, 31 2019, which, as you said, is the end of the period, I could go to my online banking. And the end cash number I see there is what I would see my online banking, is what would be on my balance sheet. And because we just saw that cash can come and go at different times than revenue and expenses, because sales, sold is not earnings earned is not cash collected, if we're on accrual accounting so we can make good, clear management decisions, we have to still, at the same time, keep track of where we are in the true cash position. And cash can come and go from the business for three reasons. One is operating it, like we've just said. Now, I have a cool surprise for you, operating the business, that's what the income statement is, and running the business, whatever our earnings or our profit is that actually comes over and comes over here to OCF operating cash flow. Now there are some adjustments that end up getting made along the way, which we will talk more about later. So if you're if you are advanced in accounting, hang tight. Don't throw your arms up in the air and freak out just yet. Okay, for the rest of us who are learning conceptually, earnings, the profit from here for this period, come over here, and this is, this is the cash flow that's come or left the business. If it's a negative earnings, then we actually have a negative operating cash flow. If it's positive earnings, then we have a positive operating cash flow. Now that's not the only way that cash can come into the business or leave the business. We could also have cash come or leave the business. So cash flow because of investing activities. Now that sounds like we're putting money in the stock market. That's not necessarily what that means. Okay, typically investing means investing into our own business. So if I, if I put a bunch of money into a big piece of software, let's say I've got a $10 million business, and I need to buy $50,000 of software or a really big, expensive website. That's $50,000 that would actually be considered investing. It's actually not an expense, which we'll talk about later. Okay, when something is above a certain dollar amount, we need to amortize it over multiple years, because that piece of software is going to be useful for three years, we're going to split up, split it up over three years, and we'll talk more about depreciation, amortization. It sounds scary. It's not. It's super simple. Just know that this is investing. So when we end up in a situation in our business where we have negative profit, and we're in tight one of our options is we could sell that second car that we've got. We could sell to computer equipment. It's kind of like one time stuff that you could sell or buy, right? And so that's investing. The problem, if you don't understand the difference, is you start selling stuff in your business, and before you if that's your only way of putting cash in the bank, pretty soon you got nothing left, and you're sitting on the floor. Left, and you're sitting on the floor and you got no computers because you sold everything, right? Okay? Our third way of putting cash into the business or taking it out is something called cash flow from financing activities that would be taking a loan. Or cash leaving the business because you're paying off alone, it would be also cash that you're paying to yourself as a distribution or a dividend that's actually part of OCF or or operating cash flow, I'm sorry, FCF, which is financing cash flow, or cash flow from financing activities, all means the same thing. And literally, when you put all these numbers in, start cash from your online banking, from your balance sheet, if you were to put it here, and then plus or minus whatever operating was for the period, plus or minus investing, cash plus or minus for the period, plus or minus financing cash, cash flow plus or minus for the period, you will end up with an end cash number, and it will be the exact same number as the ending balance sheet. Accountants do not provide this statement of cash flows to you. They give you one balance sheet, one income statement, and sometimes it has two columns. One will say compared to last year. Sometimes it'll say compared to last year. And no wonder us as entrepreneurs are looking at this going well, I had $300,000 in revenue. I had $100,000 in earnings, but it says $50,000 cash on my balance sheet and it says January 120, 20. And it's now January 10, and I opened up my online banking and I see $25,000 this is way too confusing. WTF. I hate accounting. Now, the reason most accountants don't provide this statement of cash flows is because the vast majority of accountants are trained classically in universities and colleges and universities and colleges are preparing accountants for working fortune 500 companies. In a fortune 500 companies, they actually are not required to submit a statement of cash flows to in their annual reporting to investors. That's it. The SEC in the US doesn't require it. And yes, I see my battery's about to die. I've been watching it for four days. For hours I've been watching it. Thank you. Thanks guys. So these are our these are our documents, and this is called Diamond financials. And you're going to see in the exercise that we do next, that we're actually going to take a balance sheet, an income statement, a statement of cash flows, and then an ending balance sheet. Then from there, guess what? The ending balance sheet will become the beginning balance sheet for the next period. And then we'll have another income statement, another statement of cash flows, and we'll have an another a new ending balance sheet. Same thing again, then the ending balance sheet of this period will become the beginning balance sheet of the next period. And we just keep rolling and rolling and rolling and rolling rolling. If you want to set up the diamond financials in your own business, what you need to do is actually take your most recent balance sheet, your most recent income statement, and then actually go to the previous year's accounting and pull the balance sheet from then, and that would start getting you, start you getting into diamond financials. You still wouldn't have your Statement of Cash Flows, but it would at least start the process of you being able to see it in your own financials. Okay, okay, so I'm going to take some questions. I'm going to plug in my computer again,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:53
okay, and I'm going to put in my other camera again,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:58
like so.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:02
And let's just see if we can make this work.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:12
Voila, there we go, perfect. I'm back.

Speaker 5  1:09:16
Okay. Any questions, comments? What if? Yeah, but anything like that. So, Tim, I have a question. It's a little weird. I do my planning year starting in July, okay? I don't want us setting our annual goals and things like this in like Christmas time, when everybody's chunky and nobody's really paying attention. Okay? And so I want to do my planning based on a July year, and then I have the tax and the financials on a different year. Does this mess things up? Or is this still okay with doing the diamond

Speaker 1  1:09:57
financials? Doesn't mess anything up. No. So you could, all you got to do is you could put any date at the top. You could as long as the you could make this one month. You could make it 38 days. It doesn't matter, as long as the beginning balance sheet and the ending balance sheet match up with the date ranges of the income statement to statement of cash flows and and you should be able to tell ask your accountant for any strange date range, and they can go into QuickBooks, and they can generate those reports for you. No problem about it whatsoever. Okay, awesome. There was a few other questions. Deborah Reynolds, is that also a shareholder loan? A shareholder loan would be a liability. Which is different than a distribution. Now we can talk more about that a little bit later. Alonto, what are my thoughts on hard assets versus soft assets? I am Alan to maybe you can unmute yourself and let me know what your question is. And public is hand, yeah, go ahead.

Speaker 9  1:11:03
So my my questions regarding, so if you have a business where you don't necessarily actually have like hard assets, like a house or a car that generates your flow, but you have like a predictable customer base that has basically a revenue that generates every single month, like network marketing. Is there a way like, quantify that as an asset when it comes to like, when you're doing these number crunching process?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:41
So I would, there's a

Speaker 1  1:11:50
lot of different ways we could go with this, and I think that, I think something to be very I think, with network marketing, that there, if we were to properly do financials and really treat a network marketing business, and I'm talking about as a distributor, not as like the parent company. So if I'm a distributor for Herbalife or doTERRA or Amway, not the parent company, but I'm a distributor, what we would actually see is some very revealing things, I think, about the network marketing model and how some people go about doing it. So specifically, we would see that we'd probably see a lot of assets. We would see not a lot of cash assets, but we would see a lot of assets, of inventory, of product that people are buying from the parent company, and they're holding on to it, hoping to hoping to sell it. I think we would see a lot of expense around training, and we would see possibly some negative earnings that. And I'm just speaking about most distributors, not everyone, obviously, obviously, some people are very successful with it and and I think that there's a lot of people that would not do network marketing if they actually put their numbers and saw the truth of how it actually plays out in the reality of how money and accounting works. So it's not the same. One shouldn't do it. I'm just saying if we kind of pull back the veil, and if we remove the the hype and the passion and the energy and the rankings and the names and the rallies, and if we take a lot of the emotion, and if we were to put that to the side for an hour or so, and if we were to actually run diamond financials year over year and see what happens on the balance sheet year over year, over year, the income statement, year over year, and Statement of Cash is year over year, and really treat it like the real business that it is. I think we would, we would really get some very profound insight into how it's really going as a participant in a model like that, I have the same comment actually about real estate investing. I think that there's a ton of energy around real estate rallies. And I think we would see something really similar, that if we were to responsibly, from a financial perspective, run it through diamond financials, we would realize that a lot of money coming in is actually just refinance money, and is not necessarily building a strong asset base. I think we would see the same thing with internet marketing. I think we would hear, we would discover that there's a ton of revenue and there's as much, if not more, expenses, because. Because of all the behind the scenes costs of paying partners and for ads and whatnot. Now, believe me, I've sat and looked at the financials of probably 70 to 80 companies now, including some that are in some of the fields I just mentioned, and there are some that are legitimately making a ton of money and keeping a ton of money and putting a ton of cash in the bank. 100% it's absolutely possible. I think that what and this is really getting Thank you, Alan Tur for this question is really getting the core of why this course matters to me, why the narratives course matters so much to me is because there is so much misinformation thrown at good, meaning, passionate human beings, like those of us on this call that are here to do good, we want to, you know, contribute to others and enjoy a better life for ourselves in the process. And we get told, just go, trust the plan. Or we get just get told to go do this, you know, XYZ thing, and all the while there's this hype and energy pushing us forward. When we actually step on the scale and see how much we actually weigh, it's a very, very different story than the clothes we might be wearing or the car we might be driving. So that's my maybe, maybe I extrapolated and went a little bit on my own. Little why reason there. But I just think that truth and entrepreneurship is in short supply, and I want everyone on this in this training to now have the ability to look at a situation and get to the truth, so that if you do want to participate in network marketing or internet marketing or stock trading or starting a small business or buying companies and turning them around or whatnot, you at least have the tools to make an informed decision. Is that helpful? Alonto,

Speaker 9  1:16:55
yeah, it is. I'd actually be curious to do like diamond financials on, like, our past, like, what would you recommend if you were to, kind of, like, go back and really, like, do, do due diligence to see, like, what the numbers actually look like? Would you be able to do that based on, say, like the the tax return statements that we have and things like that that we've prepared. How many years do you think to give you good data? Good data. Love this question.

Speaker 1  1:17:34
Love this question. And after this question, I can maybe take one or two more than I realized. We should probably take a break here, because we've been going for about going for about an hour and 20 here. So okay, and this is for everyone, because this is gonna be a part of an opportunity on day three, which is in two days from now. Okay, so this is a perfect tee up. Thank you, alonto. You're gonna have an opportunity to look at your own financials on day three, not in front of the whole class, unless you really want to. If you really want us to look at your financials as a group, please let me know today so that I can start working with Denise to get some of your financials into a way that I can teach it and show it. Day Three is more going to be like an analysis type day. And so what I'm requesting from everyone, should you choose to accept the challenge, is to get three full years, the most recent three full years that you've got. Now. What does that mean? That means not three balance sheets, right? It's actually four balance sheets, because you need beginning of three years ago, two years ago, one year ago, and then we need the ending, right? We got to kind of put the bookends on it. So balance sheets from the last four complete years, your accountant is going to say something like, do you want current year? Do you want? Like, what do you want? So just say, whatever your wherever your fiscal year ends, whether it's June or September or December, doesn't matter your last three. I'm sorry, last four completed financial year balance sheets. We also want our three most recent complete year income statements. And so that would be the three income statements that fall in between each of those four balance sheets. And we need to make sure that the date range for the income statement starts on the previous balance sheet and ends on the following balance sheet. And if you just tell your accountant to do full fiscal years. Then it naturally it will. And just a heads up that there's a good chance that your income statement might say something like December 31 and then your balance sheet might say January 1. That's perfectly okay. If it's if it's just one day, that's perfectly okay. Now you're also going to ask your state, your accountant for your state. Of cash flows for the same time periods as your three income statements. So that's going to click right into the four balance sheets as well. Now your your accountant may say, Why do you need that? And you can say, it's a course that I'm taking. It's just an exercise. If your if your accountant asks you how you want it done, you can tell them that the indirect method is okay, okay. Indirect Method is okay. However they get it to you, whether it's indirect or direct. If they tell you they don't know how to do it, we've got a bigger problem on our hands. We may have an accountant on our hands that may be underpowered for the job. And I've literally had that happen before. I asked an accountant, three accountants to go for me, like, 8765, years ago. I said, I said, Could you provide me a statement of cash flows? He says, No, it's not really worth it. You don't want it doesn't make that big of a difference. And I was like, Oh, interesting. And I said, Could you do it anyways? And he said, No, it's It's too much work. And I was like, in my head, I was like, I think our working relationship is nearing its maturity. IE, you're fired. We did not work together much longer after that.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:35
Okay, so

Speaker 1  1:21:37
I request that you, that you get that done, have it on hand by Wednesday, so day three. And I also request that if you'd like us to look at your financials, which means you would get my eyes on it, and it means you wouldn't have to pay $1,000 an hour to hire me to look at your financials. Also means you'd have to be okay with disclosing this your financials with whoever's in the course and whoever might buy the course in the future. Seeing as this is recorded, any final thoughts or questions before we break here.

Speaker 5  1:22:07
Hey, Tim, this is side note. But where do you come up with all of these really great diplomatic phrases that you do like, I think our relationship is nearing its maturity. That's several of these. I feel like I should make a book of this because, like, maybe I'm just such a big able, you know? But, um, yeah, I'm just curious, where do you feel like this is filtered into your life from? I'll, I'll

Speaker 1  1:22:37
answer that as soon as we come back from break. So thank you for Oh, Lauren's Got a burning question. Yes, Lauren,

Speaker 7  1:22:44
I have a clarifying question, because I think I wrote this down wrong. This statement clash those for the same periods as your income sheet or your balance sheet.

Speaker 1  1:22:53
So your statement of cash flow will be for the same period as your income statement, okay, okay, and both of those documents, your statement of cash flows and your income statement, will cover the range of time between your two balance sheets. So like, if you look at the screen, we've got December 31 for the beginning balance sheet at 2013 and we've got December 31 2014 for the ending balance sheet. And you'll see that both of these documents cover the exact same time between those two balance sheets. Does

Unknown Speaker  1:23:23
that help?

Speaker 1  1:23:27
Yes, learn is good. Okay, great. And there is other questions, yes and Quinn Yes, provided that that Zoom will download and encode fast enough, yes, I can send you recordings of the morning sessions tonight. Yeah, absolutely. Get you caught up. Okay, great. It's 3:40pm Central. We're going to break until 355 Central. Actually. Let's do 10 minutes. 350 Central, 350 Central, and then that'll give us time for two blocks to take the day towards the end, which will be 6pm Central, I'll see you back in 10 minutes. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai