Speaker 1  00:00
Welcome everyone back. We are going to talk about something here that it hasn't been in the it hasn't been in know your numbers until now, and I'm not going to spend a lot of time on it, but I think it really does affect our overall theme of decision making in a really profound way. I was, I was speaking with, actually, a coach from the scaling up organization, and and one day he said to me, Hey, Tim, what's your what's your big what's your big picture, what's your big vision. And I said, Well, I'd like great assistant to go to $10 million in revenue in the next five years at 20% net income. And he said, Okay, great. Have you told your team about it? And I was like, No, I haven't. He's like, Okay, well, probably if you're going to hit that goal, you're going to need some alignment from other people, and if you want that alignment from other people, you probably have to tell them about it. I was like, Ah, right. Good point. Good point. So he actually recommended that I do a few things. One is tell my team about it, and the other was do a an exercise called painted pictures. And this exercise, you can get it from, yeah, let me share my screen here, sharing screen and three, two and one, you can get it from here. So paint a big picture and execute it. And it is with Brian Scudamore, from the founder of one 800 got junk, which is a great success story, actually, from Vancouver, Go Canada. So Bill Gallagher, who is a scaling up coach, interviewed Brian and in this, and it's short, it's, I think it's like 22 minutes or something like that, he describes how to do the exercise. And there's also some prompting questions down here. So in essence, what we're doing is we are saying, What is your five year picture, and in that five year picture, let's, let's, so it's interesting in know your numbers here, we're talking about very today, granular, hard facts and figures. And I think that that is, that's, that's appropriate and effective. And what I'm now talking about is actually, it's, it's, in a sense, it's almost the opposite. It's like, it's like, five years from now, even if you have no idea how to get there, you have no idea what the plan is. You don't even know if it's possible. Like, it's almost the flip opposite, as the very granular of what we're talking about today with, like, what's your margin? What happened? And on and on and on and again, something an expression that just came to my mind in one of my shower thoughts was, skill is knowing how to swing the tool. Wisdom is knowing which tool to pick up in the first place. That's a TFO, Tim Francis, original. And when I think in those terms, there's a time for us to really be granular and tactical and strategic and executive functioning frontal lobe, right, analytical, and to be an architect, and to architect things, and then there's a time to also put that tool down and put it into the toolbox and pull out a different tool called like an artist brush, where you're really just painting a big picture for what you want life to look like in five years from now. So a very brief summary, and I do record recommend that you go to this blog post and you listen to the interview. In summary, basically, it's describe what your what your business, your perfect business, looks like, or your dream business, I should say, even if it's not perfect, five years from now, describe questions like, What is your top line revenue? How many people are on your team? How would people describe the culture of your company when talking to their family? What's the press saying about you? Be as specific as possible. Which newspaper, which magazine, what does the article say? What do people love about your vision and where your company is headed? How would a customer describe their experience with you. What would what would a customer say to their best friend about your company? What accomplishment are you most proud of at that point in five years from now? What accomplishment are people, are your people, your staff, most proud of? What do you do better than anyone else on the planet? Just describe your Office environment and your team culture. Even if it's a virtual team, you still have. Culture. Describe your service area. What do customers see and how do they feel when they come into your front area? Or if it's virtual, like when they're interacting with you, and that can, that can impact all kinds of things, like what's in the background of your zoom call, right? Those kinds of things, so you know. And these are just prompt questions you can, you can keep going further, and you can even go into your personal life, if you want to. When I when I do this exercise with myself and or with clients, the stuff that I do right before we dive into some of the questions, is to really presence ourselves to where life is going to be in five years from now. So for me right now, how old am I 37 I'm 37 turning 38 at the end of the year. And so five years from now, I'm going to be 42 so I'm going to be 42 years old. You know, it's presently 2020 so it'd be 2025 my parents are going to be five years older. Each of them. My my brand new nephew that was just born a few weeks ago is now going to be five years old. So like in kindergarten, walking, probably starting to play sports. That actually makes a little teary just thinking about like, if I'm if I'm that far away, like, and I miss the first five years of his life like, it makes me a little bit sad. I'm getting a little bit teary right now, just being away from my family, my family's really important to me. My family's super, super, super important to me. You know, in five years, who in my life, might be married, might have kids, you know, my grandpa, who's really, you know, he's pretty old, like, is he still going to be with us, right? So, so I think the first step is to really ground ourselves in, you know, five years from now, where are we going to be when I was sick and I couldn't walk back in 2011 I came across that expression that hell is meeting the man I could have been, hell is meeting the man I could have been. And that's that that quote, or that expression, still stops through my tracks every time I every time I hear it, and that that is not a TFO, and I've looked it up online, and it's anonymous. We don't know who said it, and and so, you know, another five years of my life has gone by. Life is precious. We only have so many, so many kicks at the can, and so many years on this planet. Five years from now, am I going to look back

Unknown Speaker  07:33
and and say,

Speaker 1  07:37
Wow, these last five years, I really made it count. Or am I going to say, wow, these last five years, I wish I could do it over, right? So, so to present. So how we make sure that we make it count? You know, there's a few ways to go about doing that, one of which is to just clear, get clear on, based on what I know from where I stand in, the place that I mean exactly right now, not the place that I wish it would be, not the place that you know it could have beer, could have should or woulda from the place that I stand right now, I'm now going to look out five years, get present to it. What's life look like? How old am I? My parents, my grandparents, you know, children in my life, elderly people my life, right and and what would that perfect situation look like, or that dream situation, even if it's not perfect, I encourage you to spend 20 to 30 minutes when you do it. I encourage you to find a way to do it with no interruption, no dinging, pinging, ringing, unless, for some reason that helps you focus. I actually a former girlfriend of mine. She actually she did her best work in train stations and airports because she just loved the ambient noise and movement. And so for her, that was her place where she got a lot of really great, focused work done. And so great. So if that's that's what gets you really focused and allows you to go deep, then go do that. I encourage you to write it out. If you want to type it out, that's fine. If you want to write it in a journal with a pen, that's fine. I would just make sure that I actually put it down on paper or on a screen, rather than kind of just meditating on it. A few things are going to happen when you do this exercise. Most likely, most likely, you are going to really, really surprise yourself with, with, actually, how attainable and like, actually, some parts are like, Huh? You know what? Actually, I could see that happening, right? You'll be delighted. You'll probably also be bewildered. Some things, you'll say, Oh, my God, I've got no idea. I'm going to make that happen. I'm just going to trust it, though, right? And as you start communicating that with the people around you who are affected by it, maybe there's personal items you need to share with a loved one, right? Maybe there's business items you need to share with your team, or maybe, if it's too early. To share with your team, maybe just with one trusted person on your team, like your second in command, or your business partner or your executive assistant. Right as soon as you start sharing it, things are going to start shifting. And I promise you, it's in your favor. I promise you it's in your favor. Okay, it may not feel like it's in your favor in the beginning. Okay, so I shared, I shared my painted picture with my team last, last year. Yeah, it was early last year, and all kinds of crazy things started happening, guys. It was, it was unbelievable, like my longtime executive assistant, who'd been with me for six years, said to me, Tim, I know what it's taken for us to get to where we are. I am not the executive assistant that's going to be able to help you to go to $10 million in revenue at 20% net income in the next five years. I like, I like, you're great. The team's great. There's nothing wrong here. I just if that's where we're headed, like this is now no longer a lifestyle job, this is definitely like a career job for someone that wants this career. And that really knocked me on my backside. I thought we would be together forever, right? And, of course, just saying that out loud, I mean, no one's together forever, obviously, but, and in a quick side note, is we when Now, thankfully, I own a company called great assistant, so I didn't have to look too far to begin the process to get a new executive assistant, which is really, really fantastic. And when I worked with our hiring team to develop a new job posting. We wrote it out, and it was like, you know, seeking someone who wants to be a professional executive assistant to a growing team, small team, fast moving, occasionally, long hours, right? And it's listing out, like, really, honestly, what it's going to take. And and then for fun, I pulled out the job posting that I put up on hire my mom.com seven, six or seven years ago, and the one that that my original great assistant responded to, and it was like, you know, looking for a mom, just looking for a few extra hours on the side, part time, you know, five hours a week might might grow to more hours as the business grows. You know, really just wanting to find someone who's looking to build to work for their laptop in the backyard while they watch their kids play like that was kind of the vibe of the whole thing, right? And I put the two job postings side by side and went, and I say, started almost laugh at myself. I'm like, No wonder she didn't want to move forward into this next vision of the company. It's not even the same company a little in the same job, right? So it made sense. So my exec, my longtime executive assistant, six years moved on, the salesperson that was really kind of not working out. Left was gone. Then from there, one of our newer teammates who I didn't really, you know, I was still kind of getting to know where she's at and where the pulse was on her interest in the company and future goals and whatnot. Like, sends me this, this unbelievable message. So in our in our team messaging system, it was, it was like back to back, I get a message from my executive assistant that says, I just don't think this is for me anymore. And the very next message is from this other teammate who says, oh my god, this is the most thrilling and exciting news of all time. I've always wanted to be a part of a great American success story like this. I can't believe I get to be teammate number five in a fast growing company. I've always wanted to do something so cool, like this. This is a ground floor opportunity. And I was just like, holy shit. Like, how could it be that the same piece of information goes to two people and we get radically different results and responses, right? Well, here's the thing, because I painted a big picture and I communicated it, now the world was starting to reorganize itself around that vision. Okay? So we're not going to do our painted pictures right now, I would say that this is probably the third most important piece of exercise that you can do after know your numbers. Even though it's kind of very It's almost kind of like a sidebar to know your numbers, because it's not really an accounting piece, but or a financials piece, but it is a decision making piece big time. So for the record, the first most important thing you can do coming out of know your numbers is your numbers is your cash flow forecast. The second is evading me right now, but I know there's something second is important, and I'll make sure I get back to it. The third most important, I think, is the painted pictures exercise. Okay, so what does that mean to us right now? So I'm going to teach you a tool for. Decision making. And this is one of a few different decision making frameworks I know. Trying to remember who it was. I think it was Chris, maybe said decision making frameworks. I read everyone's Google Docs that you sent me last night about what you're hoping to learn. So whoever it was that said decision making frameworks, I hope you're leaning in for this one. So we talked about decision making, right? Your unique set of circumstances, resources and timing? Oh, I see was Mark, Mark and alonto, that's right, both of both, Mark and alonto had said that they're looking for decision making frameworks. So great. So we'd already talked about our unique set of circumstances, resources and timing, right? If you remember that we've got 3d decision making, okay? And just to confirm, you guys can see my screen and you can see the document camera, yes, yes, yes. Okay, good. So that's three decision making. We're now going to bring another decision making tool to the forefront. So as some of you know, I was a touring drummer for for six years, my band played 148 shows. We had three sponsors. We had airplane eight different towns and cities. I say it that order because it was more towns than cities. And we were on radio stations in Alberta, Canada, like 96 seven the rig. Yes, like an oil rig, 96 seven, the rig that is the kind of radio station that we were on. And, you know, we actually had a coach. And I was kind of giggle every time I think of this, but we literally had a music business coach. And that seems kind of funny because, I mean, it is a business, but it's a pretty insane business. So it seems just funny in my brain. So we were struggling in the very, very beginning to get booked to different stages and and so what Joe said to us was, you need to use something called the decision making matrix. We said, Oh, that's interesting. What's that Joe? And he said, Okay, well, what you need to do is you make it need to, need to make a list of all the different venues that you want to play at, right? So we got busy, we wrote down, you know, I know you can't see that. Let me bring that down. Let me push this up. The urban lounge was the was the bar that we really wanted to play at. And what's kind of funny is Peter, who's on the call here, has literally probably been to all the bars. I'm about to say, because this is like from 10 years ago, and Pete lives in Edmonton, the city that I that I grew up in, urban lounge.

Speaker 1  17:36
That's where we really wanted to play. Okay, was the urban lounge. So I'll put a star there. We really wanted to play the urban lounge. The starlight room was another venue that we were pretty interested in, although kind of didn't feel like we were good enough or big enough or famous enough to get in there. So Joe just says, that's cool. Just keep listening. Just keep listing all the venues that you could play at. So we wrote down Cook County saloon. Pete, have you ever ridden the mechanical bull there at Cook County saloon?

Unknown Speaker  18:05
That's probably the only bar I've never been to.

Speaker 1  18:10
Why not? Pete, you know, we know you're lying. You probably ride that bull every weekend.

Speaker 2  18:15
Totally, I go with my cowboy hat and bust out my cowboy boot. Hmm? Yeah, oh,

Speaker 1  18:23
my goodness, yes. Peter is not a huge cowboy or country music fan, so he said, Great. Then from there, I want you to make a list, or I want you to rate each venue on two things. The first thing I'd like you to rate each venue on is, how much is it? Well, I might be careful not to get black ink on my white cuff here. How ideal is each venue based on your kind of music? So we were a rock band, and then, how easy is it to get booked in there, right? So, and that, you know, there's more venues, but this is a good this is a good selection. So urban lounge ideal was nine, easy, probably something like five. You know, not impossible, but you kind of had to have a bit of a reputation before they'd book you. Starlight room, a little more indie Rocky, so probably an eight, but probably like three to get into, much harder to get into Cook County saloon, ideal two. We did know how to play friends in low places, so we could have maybe been a little bit of a hit there easy to get into, probably about a five as well. Lbs, man, what a, what a, what a sad neighborhood watering hole that is in st Albert, Peter. Have you been to? Lbs, no, you have a. Love, okay, it's better that way, like, it's better it's like, the kind of place you're, like, covering your drinks so that, like, the like, who knows what doesn't get into it. So, so, you know, but they did play some classic rock and whatnot, so Well, probably call it about us, yeah, six maybe. Okay, now they had an open mic night. They had an open mic night. And so you don't even need to apply. You just show up with your guitar ready to plug into the into the into the amp, and you away. You go. So easy, 10 super easy to get into, right? Reds had this kind of reds is actually a pretty cool venue. It's inside West Hampton Mall. It was west of the mall. Is North America's largest shopping center. Yes, it's bigger than the Mall of America for those of America. For those of you who've been to Mall of America in Minnesota, and they had a talent show, and in terms of being ideal, they were probably about a there were probably about a seven. And I would probably say that they were probably about in terms of easy, because the talent show is about an eight. Okay, okay, so so far, does everybody understand kind of the exercise here? Yes, yes, yes. Some thumbs up, yes. Jason's A Yes. Jason Hall, yeah. Okay, good, awesome. All right, great. So you said great. Now that you've done all that multiply the two, so it's not addition, it's multiply, okay, ideal times easy. So nine times five is 45 three times eight is 24 two times five is 10, lbs. Six times 10 is 60 and seven times eight is 56, he said, Great, now go attack and perform at the highest rated venue and just start working your way down the list. And we were like, Okay, we never in a million years thought about going to play this open mic at lbs. That is not our ideal place. It's only a six, but we'll do it, because coach said so. So off we went. We played at lbs. We got some live footage of us playing. We got some live pictures of us playing. We got some live recordings of our of our performance. We added that all to our press kit. So the music industry, there's something called an EPK and electronic press kit. So we uploaded the pictures, the videos, and now we could send our electronic press kit out again. So great, all these success. We sent our epic EPK or electronic press kit to the urban lounge because that's really where we wanted to play. And what did we get? Crickets. Nothing. Okay, no problem. What's the next highest rated venue? Reds, talent show, great. So we went and played it. Reds is a far cooler, better looking, better sounding venue than lbs, by a long shot. Okay? And we got live footage, and we got pictures and we got sound this time. We got a recording direct off the board, off the sound board, so the sound quality is really good. We uploaded all that to our EPK, and then from there, we sent our EPK off to the urban lounge. And guess what? They said, guys will have you. And it didn't stop there, because once we accomplished that, then we played the show at the Urban lounge and got some live photos, and we got some live video, and we also got some pictures. And this time I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, I should get a testimonial. So every band has a closet entrepreneur. In metallic it's Lars alter, the drummer in Nickelback, it's Chad Kroger, the lead singer. Every single band doesn't matter the genre has a closet entrepreneur. I don't know how many drummers that are asking borrowers for testimonials, but that was me, so maybe I'm just born as born an entrepreneur, right? So we took all of our EPK, including the testimonial from the GM at the Urban lounge and all the live photos and videos and everything, we submitted it around. And And wouldn't you know it, the urban lounge booked us a place that otherwise was unaccessible to us. So when? So this is a decision making matrix. I'm sorry, what's that? Jason,

Speaker 3  24:11
you said the urban lounge, but you check mark Starlight room.

Speaker 1  24:15
Oh, right, yes. So after playing the urban lounge, and I'm sorry if I misspoke after speaking, after promoting the urban lounge and getting all the media, the pictures, the photos and the recording and the testimonial, we sent our EBk to the starlight room, and the starlight room ended up booking us. So even a venue we didn't think we would ever get into was now booking us. So this is a decision making matrix, and we can use the exact same idea to make decisions in our business. Now, before we go too deeply into that, I'm gonna tell you a quick story. A client asked me for some help. They said, Tim, we need you to. We need to. Jason, I like this domino effect. It's a dream 100 list, yes, exactly, yeah, of landing top partners and clients that. Whatnot, 100% so a client said to me, Hey, Tim, we need help to double revenue. And I was like, Okay, perfect. And I kind of mentioned this story a little bit earlier, and I said, What was the moment I'm sorry, and what makes you know that that's true? And he says, well, we don't have enough profit. And I said, Okay, not enough profit. What's the moment that you knew that, like, what were you doing? What did you see? What did you hear? What did you feel when you knew that you needed to change your situation? He said, Well, I was sitting at my computer, I was looking at my online banking, and I didn't like the number that I saw. I said, Okay, so that's the moment. So probably then what we have is not a revenue problem, not a profit problem, although that, you know, although maybe we need to work on them. Ultimately, what we have is a cash problem. I said, if your revenue stayed flat, if your profit stayed flat, yet you were able to take cash up, would you be happy? And he's like, Well, that's not really how it works. And I was like, I get it. I get it. We're just playing make believe right now. Um, now. But if cash could go up, is that ultimately would make you the happiest, if you could log in your online banking, look at it and see your number be bigger in your bank account. He said, Yeah, I guess ultimately that is what I'm going for. And he's a little frustrated with me. I was like, that's okay, it's okay. Just stick with them, stick with the process. So so I said, Okay, great. So what are some ideas that you have to make that cash in the bank number go up? And he said, Well, we could definitely. We should double sales. We could double sales. And I said, Okay, great. So how would you do that? And he said, we would let me just share my screen again here. He said, We could boost our sales by doing more advertising, more marketing, really crank up the machine, maybe get more online ads going. And I said, Okay, that's great. I said, Okay, that's interesting. Before we go any further, what is the amount of money that you'd like to see added to your bank account. And he said, I would like an extra 50k in cash. Said, Okay, perfect. If that's the goal, an extra 50k in cash. Prefer to boost sales through advertising, marketing, sales, whatever strategy, to to sell more of what we're already doing. What would the speed be to implement that? And he said, well, um, geez, I don't know. I'd have to launch some new campaigns. We'd have to work with a marketing company. I might have to spend a bunch of time selling. And I said, Okay, so let's just say that that might be like a five out of 10. He says, Okay, sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  27:52
Next up,

Speaker 1  27:55
how fast? Because it's one thing to implement the strategy and it's another to get the ROI right. So, like, I can write a book, which takes a certain amount of time, but it might take another six months after that for me to me start seeing an ROI from it, right? So I said, What's your speed to ROI? And he said, um, well, if it takes a year to maybe build and roll out and test, I'm probably really only seeing ROI in a couple years from now. So we said, okay, so if we're going to call one year, is going to be our speed implementation to double sales, our speed to actually getting a return on our investment? That might be two years. Let's maybe give that like, let's give that like a, I don't know, a three. Okay, great. So great. Next up, what about simplicity? What's simple? What about simplicity, right? What does that look like? And he said, Well, I would have to, again, get the agency. I'd have to, we'd be selling my current product. So that'd be pretty straightforward, as long as I worked with an agency. And I said, Okay, great. So let's add that. We're going to say that this is not just you doing it, but this is through an agency, right? We'll put that at the top. We'll just clarify this some more the simplicity of this. Probably maybe a six, maybe a seven. We'll put six because we're going to have to, you know, onboard with the new agency. They're going to have to onboard with us, get to know our products. There's going to be a kind to be kind of a ramp up time there, so, you know, and there's some moving parts, we're going to have to add meetings every single week, like, there's just kind of some complexity. So, so I'm sorry I put that wrong. It was six out of 10 complex, which means it would be four out of 10 Simple. Everyone follow me on that. If it's six out of 10 complex, it's four to 10 simple, it's just the opposite. Okay, I said, What kind of margin would you have on that? Right? What kind of margin like in terms of cogs? Right? Cogs like to sell our next unit. I. Yeah, what would that look like? And he said, Well, I'd have to pay the agency, which would have an overhead to it actually. Plus we would also have some ad spend. Plus, you know, we'll probably have to also get some new marketing materials, even for in the business, like in the facility, and it was a brick and mortar, mortar business for the record, so margin, I'm gonna give it maybe a five. Said, Okay, got it. Next up is control. How much control do you have in this situation, right? So I'll just give you guys an example. If all your customers are coming from Amazon or Facebook or Google, your control is severely limited. They could change the algorithm on you. They could change the terms of service, right? I was actually sitting in a board meeting with a company that was getting ready to sell for they were targeting around $100 million it was a supplement company. They're getting ready to sell the VCs for $100 million 100 million dollars. They had something like, I think it was like a mill. It was like, I don't remember you guys, but it was, it was, it was something like a million dollars a year more in net income every single year. It was amazing. I was like, holy smokes, I'm about to watch someone in the next 90 days sell their business and generate literally generational wealth, like money that would serve this person and this person's son and this person's grandson and like, $100 million this is insanity, and I get to be on the front lines to watch this happen. This is going to be amazing. He got all his customers from Amazon, and he was selling a health supplement. The next meeting that we had, which is like around 110 days later, it turns out, Amazon launched a competing product on Amazon. All of a sudden, he no longer had the best spot on Amazon in terms of the organic listings, his earnings went basically to zero. The company, the VCs that were gonna buy him for 100 million people were interested in maybe buying his inventory, his business, more or less, went to zero. Not only did he not sell for $100 million but his net income each month also. So even his like present day life, not just his future life as a Arctic millionaire or whatever that's called when you've got nine figures, it all went away in 90 days. I'm sorry, 90 days, and I found out about 110 day mark. Okay, that's what I mean by control. How much control do you have here? So in this case, he had control. He was going to use some online advertising. So again, we're, you know, it was an agency running it, though. So I said, instead of a five, maybe a four, because it's the agency controlling it, I said, on a scale of zero to 10, just give me a gut check. What's your certainty of success here? And he said, oh, probably about, probably about a six. I said, Okay, that's great. I said, and actually, I didn't say it then, but this, but I would say it now, is, is, how much closer does this get to your five year painted picture and and at the time, because I know, I know this person quite well, he would have said an eight and the the other, the other question, I forgot to put a line in here. Let me just. Let me just add a line here is how much burden would this put on your current operation? Now, this is kind of a qualitative statement, right? Like, it's still tough to quantify what is, what is closer to painted picture that's, that's qualitative. It's not quantitative, right? Whereas we can say two years, one year, right? And, you know, I get that there's some subjectivity to all this. It's not black and white. There's a bit of a judgment call, okay? I just said, like, how much would the burden or the distraction from making your money today? Because we got to make sure that we continue making money today in the process of building tomorrow. We just got it right. And he said, Well, you know, it's not too bad, right? It's not too bad. So I guess the opposite burden of distraction would be, how much focus can we still keep on money today? That's the better way to say that. And so he said, I'll probably go to six, because I'd have an agency doing it. I said, Okay, great, awesome. So I said, and most entrepreneurs would just stop there, right? Most entrepreneurs would stop there, like double revenue would be their only answer, because they only got one hammer to and, you know, everything looks like a nail. So I said, Okay, let's expand our options here, and in the same way that in problems. Solving oftentimes we we don't pause long enough to diagnose the problem. I think we oftentimes don't pause long enough to then multiply our options, right? If we have just one option in front of us, then we're kind of getting to tunnel vision. So I said, let's expand some options here. So I said, what if we were to cut expenses? Right? I said, that's an idea I've got. How fast would it be to implement that? He said, Well, I've got, you know, I could look at my credit card statement and I've got some contracts I might need to renegotiate or cancel or whatever. And I said, Okay, great. So what's the speed on that? He said, That's pretty damn fast. That's probably like an eight. I can get that done in like three months or so. Said, Okay, great. How fast did you get an ROI, an ROI on that? He said, Well, pretty damn quick. I mean, I've prepaid for certain things, and some things take some time to mature, but I'm gonna give that an eight as well. I said, Okay, that's great. Said, How simple is that? Do you have to learn a bunch of new skills? Is there a whole bunch of new interactions have to happen? He said, Nope. I said, Okay, what number would you give it? He said, probably. What is a seven? Because sometimes it can be simple, not simple to have to renegotiate contracts, or, you know, move, move things around that way. Said, Okay, great. How much margin is there in that? And he said, and, and, and I showed him how, you know, with the Bloat faction everything? He said, Well, the margin on cutting expenses is 10 out of 10. I said, Okay, how much control do you have? He said, well, some contracts I would not be able to renegotiate at all, so I'd probably give that maybe a five or so. I said, Okay, great. What's your certainty of success that it's going to help you hit this up here, this $50,000 in extra cash in the bank. He said, um, I don't know. Maybe the five, okay, that's great. How much closer does that get your five year painted picture? He said, Well, I mean, obviously more cash in the bank gets to accelerate that to have more cash in the bank. So I would definitely say that's like a nine. I said, how much would that distract you from your focus of making cash, not just revenue, but cash today? And he said, minimal, minimal distraction. Probably I'll say I can eight out of 10 stay focused on what I'm doing.

Speaker 1  37:15
I said, Okay, interesting. All right, great. So then I said, All right, What other ideas do you have? And he said, Well, I could introduce a new product or service. I could introduce a new product or service, which actually, sidebar is kind of just boosting sales all over again, right? Okay, but nonetheless, no problem. Let's play ball with it. Let's introduce, introduce a new product or service. So what's the speed implementation, like you already know this product, or is it something new you'd have to invent? He said, No, I got a pretty good idea. I said, Okay, do you have to, like, create a bunch of learning materials, curriculum? Do you have to buy inventory? Do you have to teach the staff, like, How's all that look? And he said, speed implementation, probably a seven. Said, great speed to ROI. He said, Well, you know, probably about a seven two, because as soon as it's ready to go, we can make money right away. Said, Okay, that's great. Okay, that's great. How simple would it be? He said, probably about a five, right? Because we got to just, there's some moving pieces. Said, how much margin is there on it? He said, our cost of goods sold, he's doing some math in his head, and he said, Well, compared to our current product, it's probably a little bit less than especially because we're new to doing this, we are we won't be as tight, and so the margins won't be as good. I said, okay, cool. So much control you have over that. He says, Well, I definitely know how to market to my current database, and I definitely know how to produce this product or service. So I'm going to give that maybe a seven, and there's no like outside forces here. I'm sorry, an eight. There's no outside forces. I'm not counting on someone else, right? I control every bit of it, the selling to our customers and the the product development said, okay, so then what's your shirt to success that you can accomplish this goal here, extra $50,000 in in cash. And his certainty of success was, he said, Oh, yeah, you know, I feel pretty good about it. So he gave it an eight to get closer to five year painted picture. He said, a nine and burden of distraction taking away from today, well, it's already a very tightly related product or service. And he said, Actually, I'd still, he's like, I could work on it, you know, two nights a week, I'd be fine. So he said, I'm gonna give that Nate. I said, Okay, great. I said, Okay, great. Let's take a look your financials, and let's continue to expand options. So this is the fourth the fourth option I in keep in mind, his goal is an extra $50,000 cash in the bank. I was looking at his balance sheet, and on his balance sheet, I saw $60,000 of AR, $60,000 of AR. So I said, Let's make that an option. Let's put

Unknown Speaker  39:43
collect

Speaker 1  39:46
on the 60k of AR that's outstanding. He says, What do you mean? I said, Well, accounts receivable. What that means is, you've already sold it. You've already provided. Did it and now you're just waiting to get paid. That's what accounts receivable is. He said, Okay, interesting. And I said, Can I ask a few questions about that? He says, Yes. And I said, Is there any particular reason why you haven't been paid yet? Like, did you know are people upset with the product or the service, like they don't feel like they got what they came for? He said, Oh no, no, no, no, no, we delivered it, and they were happy. They're really happy. And I said, Okay, was there a conflict, like, is there an interpersonal issue between you and the other person that like, like, they just hate you or something, right? Or they're mad at you, they don't want to take your phone calls to he said, Oh no, no, no, no, no. They're all good people. Like, you know, I can text them, they'll text me back. Like, no problem. I said, Oh, okay. I was like, Okay. So then, like, what happened? Did you? Did you? Did they move away? Did they leave? Like, why didn't they pay and he said, Oh, well, it's just Summer. Summer hit. We got focused on our kids and summer vacation, and they did the same. And I said, Oh, okay, all right. And I mean, it's now like September, October, right? So we're back in school. I said, Okay, so I don't know if this is a silly question, but what would it take to call those people or text those people to get the money? He said, Oh, well, I'll just pick up the phone. And I said, Okay, how long do you think that would take you? He said, Oh, I could probably, I could probably get most of it in two weeks. And I said, most of it, what do you mean? Most of it, like 3040, he's like, Oh no, no. I think I could probably get all 60 in the next in the next two weeks. And I went, Oh, okay, all right. So if that's the case, how fast is it to implement that? He said, well, two weeks. And I said, Well, if, if one year is a five, it sounds like we've got maybe a 10 out of 10 on our hands, two weeks. And How fast would you get the money right? Like, do these people have money, or they broke? Like, what's the situation? And he said, Oh, no, no. They're, you know, most, if not all, of them have the money. I said, okay, so that sounds like probably nine out of 10. He says, Yeah. I said, How simple is it? Do you have to learn any new skills? Do you have to go through some kind of complicated hiring process or anything like that? He's like, Well, no, it's just me picking up the phone. I said, Okay, how would you rate that? He said, well, that sure sounds like a 10 to me. So then I said, Okay, great. How much margin do you have on money that you've already sold, you've already provided the service, you've already paid all the cogs. You've already paid all the overhead that would go towards it. Like it sounds like this would be cash that would go straight in your bank. He says, Yeah, that's right, he's already, he's already paid all the expenses for fulfillment. So more or less, we could say a 10, but I'll say an eight, because he did have some costs earlier for fulfilling. Said, How much do you control this? Well, he's like, Well, I control the phone, and I control dialing them, and I control following up with them. The only thing I don't control is them paying me. And I said, well, that sure sounds like an eight to me. Maybe a nine. Said, How certain are you that you're going to hit this goal of $50,000 in cash? And he said, Well, they've all got the money. It's looking pretty good, so I'm gonna give it a nine. And I said, Okay, and if you did that, how much closer did you get your five year painted picture? He said, well, that sure sounds like a nine to me. And I said, How much did that distract you from today? He said, um, I'd probably hit it hard for for, you know, for the two weeks. So a little bit of a distraction. I'd give it a seven. And I went, Okay, interesting. Let's add all of this up. Let's multiply all this right now. And side note, this is the same calculator I used in high school, the old battleship, the TI 83 plus Tim Francis then gave it to his brother, Brent Francis, who then gave it to his sister, Sarah Francis, and it's now back to Tim Francis, it's funny how the world works in circles. So if we take the totals of each of these options and we multiply them, we have five times three. So I'm going five times, three times, four times, five times, four times, six times eight times six equals 34,300, 45,600, right cutting expenses, eight times eight times seven times 10 times five times five times nine times eight equals 8,064,000 introducing a new product or service, seven times seven times five times four times eight times eight times nine times eight equals 4,000,515 840, and then collecting on ar 10. One times nine times 10 times eight times eight times nine times nine times seven.

Unknown Speaker  45:11
Equals

Speaker 1  45:15
32,000,659, 200

Speaker 1  45:27
so I said, You know what? If you want to boost sales through hiring an agency and advertising more and or you want to go and introduce a new product or service, we can do that. Let's just go do this one first. It's gonna take you two weeks. And I sure like the way that this is playing out here, 32 million points versus the next close, which is eight, which is the next closest, four, which is the next closest, is like, not even like, it's like, a third of a million, right? This, there could not be a more glaring and obvious winner. So this is how the story ends. The story ends with him saying, okay, Tim, I'm gonna go do it. I said, that's great. Unfortunately, he did not hit his goal. His goal was in two weeks. He was going to collect $60,000 he had some people. He had more people than expected, not get back to him right away. Some some people he called were kind of groaning a little bit. Some people said they didn't have the money when he thought that they did. So he wasn't actually, he wasn't right in all of his assessments here, you know, around simplicity, control, certain success all the rest. So he didn't collect the 16 two weeks. It took him four weeks, and he actually collected exactly $50,000 so he actually hit his goal exactly on the button, four weeks, 50k in the bank. Done deal. Now that he had the 50k his resources have now changed. His circumstances have changed a little bit, and his timing has now changed, because now he doesn't need to make the money so urgently. He's got more runway, right? So now he could make a new decision around circumstances, resources and timing, and now he could take a look at other options to be able to move forward. Now, he ended up not introducing a new product or service because he didn't need to. And nor did he introduce, nor did he really do any aggressive advertising, because he kind of didn't need to. Instead, he had some time to just work internally. And then later down the road, he ended up expanding his business in other ways. Okay, so a couple, a couple Food for Thought items, and then I'll take some questions. First of all, it's almost impossible to know speed to ROI. I'm sorry. It's almost impossible to know margin unless you know your numbers. And we've talked about how you get access to your numbers, right? We're also talking about workflow later today. It's also tough to know margin unless you run like a margin analysis, which we're going to talk about later today, which is like a per unit or like a forecasting type process we'll talk about that later today. So you kind of can't do this unless you understand your numbers. So it's really exciting that you now can do this because you guys know your numbers and are on your process and are on your path to know your numbers. Number two, something that I noticed is, this is not a fixed list, okay, this is not a fixed list. You may you may not feel like this is really applicable. There might be parts of this that you want to drop, and there might be parts that you want to add, right, like, maybe I could go into all kinds of examples. But the point is, you can modify this, okay, and you can also modify this, I'm sorry, modify the waiting. So for all of these, I said out of 10, for all of them, if you think that one factor in a particular decision is significantly more important. Make it out of 20. If you think something is significantly less important, make it out of five so you can weight these things differently in making your decisions to to really make sure that it represents the reality of your situation. Okay, maybe for you closer to five year painted picture isn't that big of a deal, because really what you're going for is a one year painted picture, because you want to sell this business and move on, right? And so you can change that or just drop it all together. The point here is not that this is how you need to do your decision making matrix. I'm giving you the tool, and the principle and the idea is that you're able to modify it to your unique situation. Okay, comments or questions, let's just see what we got here.

Speaker 3  49:52
Hey, Tim, I got a really cool comment. Yeah, so there's an app on the iPhone I found a while ago. And I use this to make decisions sometimes, and it does this sort of same thing. Okay, it's called best decision for the iPhone, best decision app. And okay, all your options first, and then the next screen, as you put in all the variables like you just had listed. And then it has you give each of them a weight, so you can weight them. And then on the next screen, you can go through, and it'll just ask you to answer for each one, for each thing, and then it'll do all the calculations. So,

Speaker 1  50:29
very cool. Very, very cool. Thank you, Jason, thank you. Other Other comments or questions. Let's just see here.

Unknown Speaker  50:40
Let's see here. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  50:42
you'll go, okay, Lauren, go for it.

Speaker 2  50:44
So I've seen you present this a few times, and I swear every time you do it, it makes more sense. And I learned something new, and I just love it. So thank you for sharing. Oh, most welcome. Thank you, Lauren. Yeah, same as Peter, the closer to the vision and burden. I hadn't seen those, I don't think before.

Speaker 1  51:04
Yep, absolutely. Brandon, I see you've hit quadruple bonus time, dude, I think you, I think you've PR. I don't think anyone's ever told me more than triple bonus time. So quadruple bonus time is exciting. That's a PR, right?

Speaker 4  51:17
There. Needed this tool. This is a great tool. This is exactly what I've been like eating. I love it. Thank

Unknown Speaker  51:22
you. Most welcome. Most welcome.

Speaker 3  51:26
Real side note in here too. So back when I got I got two great assistance from you, and back when I was doing this, I used this app. So I just pulled up my old decision. You can see, hire an assistant, was like, one of the top things. So I went through and I had, like, hire an assist. I was my so I used Gary Keller's one thing question was the question I put in that, like, what is the one thing that by doing it, everything else will become easier or irrelevant? And so, and then I made a list of everything, hire an assistant, hire marketing person, hire salesperson, write my book, and I had a bunch of other stuff, programs, coaching programs, etc. And my criteria was like, cost, difficulty, time involved money making. And money making was Max. I had maxed out, whereas good was a two. I wasn't concerned how difficult it was. Time, okay, Max. And then I had know how to do, like, already know how to do it or not. And then money spent. And then, yeah, and so then you go through, and you, you, I evaluated everything, and the result, yeah, this is kind of the results that came out, and I eventually have done all of these things. So, yeah, I've done all these things. Number three was hiring assistance. So I

Speaker 1  52:50
love it, dude. Very, very good. I didn't know that app existed. Thank you. I made a note of it so that I can share that with future classes. That's very, very cool, but it may

Speaker 3  53:00
lead to you guys getting assistance. That's a side effect.

Speaker 1  53:04
Yeah, a side effect of being in the orbit of this knowledge is you may want to outsource so that you can focus on your CEO skills. Good, awesome. Any other comments or questions before we move on? Going once, going twice. Okay, good. So let's talk about workflow. Let's, let's talk about workflow, and in a few minutes, I'm going to introduce you to Eric. Eric's from my team. He's on he's on the call right now. He's got his hand up. Thank you for being here, Eric, appreciate seeing you, my man. Let's talk about workflow. So workflow yesterday, let's just see here. I was already in the morning, I had all my pieces of paper lined up here.

Unknown Speaker  54:12
Okay, perfect, okay,

Speaker 1  54:19
so when it comes to in air quotes, I guess getting ahead. A huge part of getting ahead is being able to climb the 8020 curve, right? So let me share my screen here.

Speaker 1  54:42
So when it comes to it, when it comes to getting ahead in our business, the 8020 curve, you know, is massively, massively important. And when what I mean by by climbing the 8020 curve, yes, I mean there's climbing the 8020 Curve in terms of moving from Level Two skill to level three, manager, level four, executive, level five, investor, for sure, you can overlay on top of that that there's becoming the surgeon in the room at each of those levels. So if you think about it, a surgeon in the room doesn't do everything related to surgery. A surgeon in the room does three things and three things only. And this is what I repeat this all the time, is I think entrepreneurs should be focused only on three things, strategy, high level skill, high level access. Then you draw a delegation line, and everything else gets done by everyone else. Okay, strategy, high level skill. High level skill might be negotiating, right? Or if, if you know, if it's a lawyer, then, like, actually, like being in litigation, like face to face, right? That would be high level skill if you're a real estate agent, like actually being face to face with your clients, right, negotiating with the other parties, right? And then high level access. High Level access is high level access is like, for example, only a real estate agent has access to the real estate license to have the authority to sign off on things, right, only a doctor has access to their medical license right to be able to sign off and do certain things. You know only, only a surgeon would have access to other surgeons to be able to text them and say, Hey, do you have a minute to talk about a tricky situation? I've got a case that's particularly complicated to get your feedback right, whereas, if, like, the front desk nurse, Administrator just may not be able to get a reply from that other surgeon, and even if, even if she did or he did, wouldn't necessarily even know the questions to ask, right? So that's an example of high level access. When I think about my my own business, a huge part is networking, right? And so when I host Skyline dinner parties, of which we've now hosted, believe it or not, 42 we've hosted 42 Skyline dinner parties at my apartment here in Austin, some of you have even been and my role is to make sure that I have high level access to the other high level people, like if I'm spending all my time cleaning the dishes or taking the trash out or cooking or whatnot, I'm not face to face, connecting with each and every person who's there in attendance, right? So in that respect, and I'll just repeat it, strategy, high level skill, high level access, right? In the last week, I think I've, you know, because I've built relationships with other high level entrepreneurs, like I was on the phone with Perry Marshall this last week. I was on the phone with Mike Dillard. This past week, I was on the phone like, with a lot of high level people. And it's because I've been cultivating that high level access over time, right? So in a sense, within our five levels of 8020 it's almost like there's an 8020 curve inside, right? So if that, if we're going to call that level two, and then inside of here, there's also, there's also an 8020, curve, right? So there's strategy. I'm going to call it surgeon in the room. I can become the surgeon in the room. And note strategy, high level skill, high level access, of say, Facebook ads, for example. Then from there, if I'm moving up to level three, which is manager, I can have surgeon in the room, strategy, high level skill, high level access of this level where I'm strategizing, what's the rhythm of the meetings that we should have? What is the what team members do we need to have here to accomplish this project? External or internal. You know, strategy, high level skill might be something like knowing how to run sprints like, you know, being scrum certified, right? That would be actually high level access, having that certification. And then from there, high level access might be knowing how to get access to certain talent of certain pools. Maybe you have high level access to different masterminds that you can just go to and say, Hey, looking for a copywriter, looking for SEO person, looking for a graphic designer, right? And then you draw that delegation line, and then you get everything else gets done by everyone else. Same thing here in level two, right? Then from there, same thing at level four, there's like a little mini 8020, curve inside of this as well, right? And we can become the surgeon in the room again, where we're focused on strategy, high level skill, high level access. And every. Thing else gets done by everyone else, right? So level four, if you remember, is called executive. And what we're learning right now, in know your numbers is, is a combination. It's, it's squarely an executive course, no question about that. And it also has pieces of it, being an investor course, I wouldn't say it's an investing class, though, that's that's a whole different that's a whole different school of thought in skill sets, mindsets, coaching, community, tool, strategy and environment. Okay? So even within that, we've got an 8020 right, where we've got surgeon, and then we've got everything else. So if you think about it, let's say I'm at level two, right? And let's say that I am really good at Facebook ads, or I'm really good at Google ads. I've got it. Let's say got a digital marketing agency. I do lead generation, okay? The strategy here might be, which ads should we keep moving forward and spend more money on? Which ads should we stop? Which web pages are working, which ones are not right? And I can only do that work if the surgery room is prepared for me. I can't do just the surgeon work, or I can't do any surgeon work if I haven't had this zone right here prepared for me. So how do I make a decision on which ads to spend money on? Unless I get a report on what different ads are working or not working. I get a report on which landing pages are working or not working, right if I don't have someone sending invoices to our clients to make sure that they're paid and active, if I don't have someone who's arranging appointments for me to have discovery calls with new potential clients if I don't have someone to support me in setting up review calls with my current clients to review the status of their account, right? So all of this work has to happen for me to get to play as the surgeon. And we get super blocked when we run out of time, when we don't run out when we run out of time, we can't climb to the next level, right? Nor can we expand the current level that we're at. Maybe I don't want to have other teammates. Maybe I don't want to, you know, have a complicated business. Maybe I just want to do more of what I'm currently doing. Well, the same, same thing. Exactly true. I can't do more strategy, high level skill, high level access, if I'm stuck in maintenance, coordination, reporting, setup, onboarding, basic research, errands, all the rest. Okay, even if we went all the way to the top, if we looked at Warren Buffett, let's say, for example, in what way is Warren Buffett the surgeon in the room? Well, he has, he has other people supporting him by providing him with annual financial reports, right? There's other people that set up Warren Buffett surgery room so that he can walk in in the morning, right? He can walk into Berkshire Hathaway with his Coca Cola and his McDonald's Egg McMuffin, and sit down and read annual financial reports and the Wall Street Journal, right? Warren reads something like 10 hours a day. It's unbelievable, right? Because he's reading financial reports, he's he's learning about markets all the rest. He can't do that if someone hasn't given him the books to read or gone and source the documents in the reports. Right? So it doesn't matter at what level we're talking at the executive level, which is what we're talking about here with, know, your numbers. This whole the whole optics that you have into your business fall apart the second that you don't have financials to look at, or you don't have spreadsheets updated, or you don't have someone teeing it up for you, right? So either you got to go do it yourself, or you got to get some help. So every step along the way here, you know, at each of the five levels of 8020, and actually, even at level one, like, How much easier is your life if someone tees up meals for you to eat, for example, that would be an example level one of having a surgeon in the room type scenario.

Speaker 1  1:04:35
You can all of us on this call operate at all five levels. All of us operate at all five levels. The question is, just, what percentage are of your time are you spending at each of the five levels? And the other question is, is, what percentage of your time are you spending in surge in being surgeon in the room at each level, and how much time are you doing non surgery tasks at level? Level two, at level three, at level four, at level five, right? And so like one level two skill that I have is financial analysis, which actually also happens to double as a level four skill. And so when I'm looking at at board reports from board members, or I'm looking at financials from clients, I'm doing private consulting to Denise is literally the one that receives them, looks at them, makes sure that the balance sheet, the beginning balance sheet and the ending balance sheet, have the proper dates, and that the income statement, the statement of cash flows, match and fit into those exact date ranges. She's the one making sure that if what I need from the client is financials three years that we're actually getting three years worth of financials, that if I've requested a board report that talks about SWOT analysis, that has an org chart, that has a vision, right, she makes sure that they've done all of that, so that she can just place it in front of me, and I can do my job to be a high level consultant, right? Which happens to be a consultant to the executive level. There's no way you can play at all these levels unless you have a team life. Is a team sport. Business is a team sport. And and my executive assistant, Denise, supports me in every one of these levels. And actually, even at level one, she goes on to Snap Kitchen and orders meals and gets them delivered to my place. So they just get thrown into my fridge. And after that, I get back to work, or I get to working out, or I get to relaxing, or something else, that is my preferred way to go. Now, side note, if you find cooking to be relaxing, it's the way you rejuvenate, and you can candidly say that you love it because it's a part of creating and putting your love into things, then, great, let's just call it what it is. It's rejuvenation time. For me, that's working out, right? It's so for me, it's something else, and for someone else, it might be knitting like it doesn't matter, okay? But we need you to be climbing all the time within each of the levels that but so the degree to which you're climbing through the five levels, that's going to take a lot of time, and that's fine, okay, especially within the level of where you are right now, we need to push you up that 8020 curve so you can be the surgeon of the room, of the business that you have right now, even if it's 99% your time is in level two. Now, there's different ways you can accomplish that. You can hire someone overseas for $4 an hour. Honestly, I don't see that being a medium or long term solution to do much more than level two, basic rinse, wash, repeat, stuff that is not that and generally requires little to no decision making. If you want someone to like be in the view only access to your bank accounts and tee you up to make level four decisions, just my own personal preference. I want that person to be somewhere that I could fly to. I know the legal system well enough that I believe the contract would actually be enforced, and if I needed to, I could take them to court. That's what I want as my right hand person. I also want someone with business ability. In short, I want the ceiling to be very high on my right hand person. And while I want my access to them to be very high as well. In the last few weeks, with everything that's happened the pandemic. I've been working like 15 hour days every single day to help entrepreneurs, whether that's in private consulting, small group, leading trainings, creating content. And that means Denise has been working like 10 hours a day, right? And she's been getting up early, staying up late. It's really been amazing, right? Because she considers herself to be my right hand person. So along those lines, whether you hire someone from great assistant or from a different company, or you do it on your own, one way or the other, I highly, highly, highly recommend that you get serious about climbing the 8020 curve and becoming the surgeon of the room, whatever it is you're up to right now, and consider how you can continue to use that more and more free time you get to continue climbing the overall 8020, curve so you become proficient at the total picture of business. So along those lines, in case you were curious about great assistant I've brought, I've asked Eric, and he's very generously, gone away from his normal day to day activities of consulting with entrepreneurs and helping them to see how they can climb the 8020 curve themselves, and he's been very generous to come join us here for a few minutes. So we will be starting lunch in seven minutes. But Eric has come by for five minutes to share a little bit about who he is and what he does, and also share his information. If you want to get in touch with them and answer any quick questions you've got So Eric, if you could speak up, please do take the mic and I will stop sharing my screen. Go ahead.

Speaker 4  1:09:53
Yeah. Thanks, Tim. Appreciate it. Hope you guys have a great Wednesday. I sat in on a know your numbers back in all. Tober, and it was mind blowing, the stuff that that Tim was teaching, and I think it was, it's so valuable. So I'm glad to see you guys are on this call. I'm sure you guys are gonna take a tremendous value out of it. Little bit about me, so my name is Eric Richardson. I live here in Austin, Texas, while just north up in Round Rock Mary. I've got a little daughter. She's four years old. I was a little nervous. I wasn't gonna make this call. She actually fell down today and hit her head on our tile floor. So I've been the hospital this morning. So here we are, yeah, yeah, just Fluke accident, right? She was who's running out, out the door, or whatever she was doing, and the dog hit her, and I think it took her legs out and whatever. Oh, no. Anyways, yeah, so I'm excited to be here, but, yeah, so, so I joined the the great assistant team almost about a year ago. And I come from an entrepreneurial background. My parents owned businesses back in Montana. My My dad owned a roofing insulation company. My mom and stepdad owned a Matthias company. And so I was, I was always in those businesses, physically, right? And so I saw what it took day to day to have those businesses ran. And so I was, I was basically brought up as an entrepreneur, inadvertently, right? And so when I, when I saw this opportunity to join great assistant, it was awesome, you know, because I understand how entrepreneurs think I understand what they're going through on a day in and day out basis. I'm an entrepreneur as well. I own an Amazon storefront, so I get, I get what's going on, right? And it's just a very rewarding opportunity every single day, like what Tim talks about. I sit on phone calls like this, with with entrepreneurs all day long, doing consulting, Discovery calls, figuring out what the pain points are, what, what, where's the sticky points in their business? What are the bottlenecks, you know, working through creative ways to get out of that? And one of those is obviously having having an assistant Come on, and Tim's already talked about it, take that low level minutia off their plate so they can truly be the surgeon in the room. And we've heard tremendous stories about people that have done that, and it's, it's very exciting. And so those discovery calls are roughly about an hour long, give or take a little bit, and there's no no, like, hard sales pitch, really. It's just a hey, if this is a fit fantastic majority of time it is. Sometimes it's not just depending on the nature of their business, which is awesome. We still have resources available that these people can use if they need to. Maybe, if not ready yet, that's okay. Tim has provided some amazing resources for these people to, you know, get themselves in a position where they are ramped up and ready to go for a great assistant. Because, you know what, what we've produced and what Tim has produced, what I think is like the premier organization when it comes to finding high quality us, based in Canada, based assistance at an affordable rate, really, and the it's just, it's just awesome. So I just basically want to jump on here, introduce myself. If you guys feel that you're in a position where you need an assistant, I'd love to connect with you. You know, have a have a discovery call, see if it's a potential fit. Best way to get a hold of me. A couple different ways. You can either go on our site, great assistant Comm, forward slash, connect. Or you could email me if you want to. It's Eric at great assistant comm. You can message me on Facebook if you need to, if that's your jam, or you can even call me. I'll put my phone number in the comment section here or the chat section. So if you guys want to get a hold of me, I'd love to chat with you and see what can do for you. So that's all I had for today. Tim, so back to you.

Speaker 1  1:13:26
Awesome. Thank you so much. And Eric, you're sharing with me that there's three main things you're listening for when you're in a discovery call what are those three things? I think that'd be really helpful, because even if people are not going to get a great assist, and I think these are still three very important factors if you're looking at getting an assistant from from anywhere,

Speaker 4  1:13:45
right? Yep, I'm glad you brought that up. Thank you. Yeah. So there's three areas, or three boxes we typically want to check off on, in order for them to in order for us to feel that somebody is ready for our program. It's fit timing and profitability. Number one, we'll make one. Make sure it's a good fit for this, for the entrepreneur and their situation. Number two, we want to make sure it's good timing too. Because if they don't have enough time bandwidth to bring on a new employee and onboard that person, we may tell you to hold off until you have some available time to do that. Because if you, if you do a good job and an effective job in the beginning, that then sets the tone of the of the relationship with the assistant going forward. And so we really stress that, because we want to make sure that you know when you bring this person on, you effectively are the leader. You're the coach, right? And you know the speed of the team is dictated by the speed of the leader. And so if that person isn't leading that person effectively from the beginning, then it's it just doesn't work out, right? And last, we want to make sure there's a clear path to profit and profitability where it's not some type of a financial detriment. Bringing this person on it, in fact, allows you to then, like, what Tim talked about, be the surgeon in the room, go effectively, do the high level tasks, get that low level minutia off your plate, so then you can go scale your business. We have stories that people people that have scaled their business. Is, you know, 2x 5x 10x in a year or so, right? But if we can't see that, there's a clear path to profitability, you know, I may be one of the first ones to speak up and say, Hey, maybe, maybe this is a little too premature right now, but in most instances, when we really get down to the nitty gritty of it, that's even why they even probably book the calls, they understand there's something there. There's a sticky point, and we help address that and work through that. So those are the three main areas we talk through during a discovery call.

Speaker 1  1:15:28
Very well. Said, I love that. I love that. Man, yeah, in that path to profitability, it's like, so what are you going to do less of, and what are you going to do more of? Right? Right? Right? Because if an assistant is an expense, if you just get an assistant, if that's all you think about it, it's just an expense, right? But if you think about your relationship with the assistant, your relationship with the assistant is where the big ROI comes from, because they're taking over the 10 to $20 maybe even $50 an hour work, you are now free to go do the 100 to 5000 to and maybe even more dollar per hour work. So it's the relationship between the two. Eric, very well. Said, thank you so much for being here. Yeah, yeah, you bet. Awesome. So everybody in the chat box, you can see that we've got Eric at Great assistant.com We've got a URL. Great assistant Comm, forward slash connect. You can book right into Eric's calendar if you'd like to be in touch with him. And then he's on Facebook as all just air. Very straightforward, Eric Richardson, and his cell number is there as well. 406-471-4949, and you can text him if texting is your jam. Good stuff, everyone. Well, thank you. Thanks again, Eric. We'll be back at 215 Central, so in 74 minutes, and we're going to really hit a whole new level of exciting insight, analysis and advancement in terms of knowing our numbers. I'll see you in 74 minutes.

Speaker 5  1:16:56
Hey, Tim, can you answer some questions when we came back from the lunch break?

Speaker 1  1:17:01
Good question. Um, are there the questions that you submitted to me last night?

Speaker 5  1:17:04
Nope, not those um, chat box right now, like there's, I mean, this more, this session has been incredible. I just actually have some questions. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:17:17
just gonna look okay. Maybe could you just tell me your question, and I can see if it makes sense to talk about it now or with the group. Okay, so,

Speaker 5  1:17:25
so my questions is on the three top things that entrepreneurs must must focus on, is that the same for investors as well, or if, how is that different if you're in a business, in a job, or things like that? Because this is great information. And then Deborah has a great question on what would be activities that are surgeon level and what levels would be EA level.

Speaker 1  1:17:52
Okay, question. Okay, good. So let me just make a note. Let me just make a note here. So, okay, so Quinn, you had a question, and that is, how does surgeon in the room? Is that you mean surgeon in the room apply to all five levels? Is that

Speaker 5  1:18:13
right? No, so my question is, so right now it's the three things that every entrepreneur must focus on, the strategy and the high level access would seem if it was for investors or in a job, and then they want to break free from the job and things like that.

Speaker 1  1:18:32
Yes, yeah. And that's, that's the thing that's crazy to me, is that, you know, is that someone who might have like an MBA and 25 years experience is working in a job as an analyst, and doesn't get given an assistant, right, right? How much more could that analyst do if they were supported, right, right? Yet they're stuck doing all the steps of surgery, and it holds them back from making their highest contribution. So I think it's insane that the whole like that all like sales people, CEOs, marketers, like, if I was in any of those roles, I'd be racing as fast as possible to make it financially feasible for me to have an executive assistant, because the more that I can focus on strategy, high level skill, high level access, the faster I can produce results for the people I'm working for.

Speaker 5  1:19:33
Right? Awesome. Thank you. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:19:37
good, awesome. Then Deborah had a Deborah Reynolds had a detailed list of activities, tasks that are within each level, surgeon level and EA level. Deborah it is I would slice and dice it a different way. I would slice and dice it based on industry, and that varies widely. So for example, actually is Deborah. Reynolds, even here, she may have gone to lunch. No, she's gone to lunch. Okay, I'm here. I'm here. Oh, you're here. Okay, good. So Deborah at the let's say we're talking about a real estate agent, okay, specifically adding contacts to top producer, which is a CRM for the real estate industry, that would be an EA task, speaking with each current client about their current situation. That is a surgeon in the room task, if I own an e commerce Store, sourcing new products, going to Canton Fair in China and looking at what's next for me, that's a surgeon task,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:50
resolving inventory loss, inventory disputes with Amazon. That's an assistant task. If I owned a CrossFit gym, then hiring and managing my trainers, right? That's surgeon level work, maintaining the calendar and the scheduling of all trainers. That's non surgeon work.

Speaker 1  1:21:18
I can keep going. I would. I can't give you a specific list, though, unless, and you can't produce a specific list unless we're talking about a specific industry. Once you have a specific industry on the table, now you can start saying, this is strategy, high level skill, have level access, and then this is everything else making sense. Good, awesome, great. Okay. Jason says I refer to these as tactical versus strategic. Strategic work grows the business. Tactical just keeps it going, email, calendar, follow up, call, all tactical work, yeah. And I would, I would, maybe my version would be that there are some tactical things that apply to high level skill. So for example, a negotiating tactic could be really powerful, and a surgeon in the room so, but maybe I'm just splitting hairs here. Maybe it's just semantics. I get what you're saying wholeheartedly that what's the big picture versus what's the boots on the ground? I love that. Thank you, Jason. Okay, great, awesome. I will see everybody back here, very, very soon.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai