Speaker 1  00:03
All right, so is everybody back? I see Mark, I see Peter. I see Lauren. See Deborah. Reynolds. I see Taryn. Good morning. Taryn, I haven't said hello to you yet. I see alonto. Nice to see you. Lanto, see Jason. Great. Okay, all right, well, let's throw down. Let's throw down. Chris says he's in. Okay, good, awesome. So I promised, I promised that we would talk about, I would talk about our about cogs and direct costs, and then we are going to get back to the t shirt, and we're going to handle that expertly and completely, so you guys are satisfied. So in Oh, I got to share my screen. Sorry about that. Sharing screen in three, two and one. Okay. Oops, three, two and one, okay, great, okay, you guys can see my hand again, yes, okay, good, so on an income statement, we're gonna have revenue at the top.

Speaker 1  01:34
Can I just need to get everyone muted here. Okay, there we go. Okay, we've got revenue at the top. And up until now, we've just said revenue minus expenses equals profit. That's what we've said so far. So there's actually a little more detail that we could and should add, because there's actually different kinds of expenses, and part of what I mean by that is we've got what's called indirect expenses, and we also have something called direct expenses. I would, I would think of these approximately, as these are like fixed expenses, and these are variable expenses.

Speaker 1  02:35
A fixed expense is something I think of it as, like the mothership, to keep the mothership alive. What fixed expenses do we have? So for example, my Infusionsoft count is $199 a month, and it's the same 199 whether I've got one contact or 1000 contacts, I think the limit is 25,000 then I have to go up to the next tier. But the same still holds true, more or less, that it's the same expense, and furthermore, it's the same expense. Whether I sell $1 or $100 or $100,000 or a million dollars or $10 million it doesn't change. So there's a lot of, for example, software subscriptions like QuickBooks. You know, yes, there's different levels, but more or less it's the same expense for that software subscription to QuickBooks Online, whether you sell a million or 10 million. Rent is another one. If you've got a physical location, or if you're renting, say, co work, a spot at a co working space, there's gonna be some, some amount of wages if you have employees. You might view yourself if you're paying yourself a management fee to be running the business, that might come in as a wage, most entrepreneurs don't count it as a wage counted as a distribution instead, in which case, it doesn't show up here. Instead, it shows up not on our income statement, but on our balance sheet as a distribution to owner, and then obviously, on our Cash Flow Statement of Cash Flows, there's going to be a lot in here that is a fixed expense. I also think of fixed expense typically as being step costs like this, right? So I've got the, for example, I've got the CRM. That's $190 for Infusionsoft. That's what I use, and that's that'll get me 25,000 subscribers up to 25 1000 subscribers. Then after that, once I've got more than 25,000 subscribers, I need to go up to the next package, which is up to 100,000 subscribers. And I think that's like 399, I don't remember exactly, but it's just it's a step. It's like this to that, right? If I go from, if I go from not having an executive assistant, let's say I pay that executive assistant $3,500 a month. I go from zero executive assistant, and now I'm going to pay them $3,500 a month. It's kind of a light switch. It's on or it's off. Now where this gets a little foggy is if you pay your executive assistant hourly, you might say, well, that's not a step cost, in which case you're right. It's not a step cost, and I would still count at that in your indirect expenses or fixed expenses or overhead. All different words for more or less the same thing, a direct expense is anything that goes up to make your next sale. That's that's kind of like the technical rule of thumb, or the mental test we can ask ourselves, is any any expense, any added expense I need to incur to make my next sale, is a direct expense? So, for example, we were talking about T shirts, a direct expense of selling my next t shirt is the cost of the t shirt itself, right? We already talked about the timing of that expense being at the time of revenue. I'm also going to have to ship that T shirt, so there's gonna be some shipping, right? We could argue, arguably, we could say credit card fees go in there. Although most accountants will put credit card fees down into overhead, they'll put it under banking fees. It's another example of how oftentimes accountants are still doing accounting like it's 1965 right? A lot of Deborah and Brandon Yeager, no, making out on camera. Okay, at least turn the camera off. For goodness sakes. I love it. It's cute. Oh, I'm watching you. Think this is a one way street? No, no, no, this is a two way street. I'm watching every damn one of you while you're working away, I know exactly what's going on.

Speaker 2  07:42
I was upset about the shake, and she had it right there, and it was something I deleted. So nevermind.

Speaker 1  07:47
Sorry. Kiss and make up Kids, come on. All right. Don't have to tell them twice. So, you know, for another way that accounting, you know, is kind of stuck in 1965 is when accountants are if they're working with an internet company, or any company, for that matter, that uses Internet Marketing and specifically Pay Per Click advertising, accountants will typically say, Oh, well, If it's marketing and advertising, then that goes into the advertising category, which traditionally they put down here they put it into fixed expenses. Because guess what? In 1965 when you bought a billboard, you'd have to buy a $20,000 billboard. You'd have no idea whether that would actually make you sales or not, you would hope it would Right. Like the classic expression around marketing and advertising is

Unknown Speaker  08:52
well,

Speaker 1  08:54
50% of my advertising brings me 100% of my customers. Unfortunately, I don't know which 50% maybe. You've heard that before, right? So, because I don't know which 50% brings me all my money, I still got to keep buying all of it, because I don't want the business to stop, right? So back in the area where era where there was no accountability of ad spend to actual, you know, clicks and or phone calls or whatnot. They kind of just had to call it no overhead. Well, the budget this year is going to be $50,000 for advertising, for the newspaper ad, the magazine ad, and the billboard and, well, hopefully it works out right in this new era where we've got where you can change the amount that you're spending on advertising on not just a monthly or weekly, but daily but hourly basis, and you can say, well, I put in $3,000 of advertising and I generated $5,000 in sales. Now we actually can. Input pay per click up here into direct expenses. And when I'm working with a company that has a bunch of that, and that's especially if it's a main driver, I'll actually instruct their accountant to move it, to move the Pay Per Click spend up into a direct expense. And and where I get pushback on that, fine, that's okay. Accountants, you know, and they got to follow their debt, you know, gap accounting rules, generally accepted accounting principles. That's fine. Let them do that for taxes for us, though, actually running the business, we're going to count it, even if it's just in a spreadsheet, as a part of direct costs. Is, is, is Pay Per Click advertising spend. Okay? So, so variable expenses include things like subcontractors. So let's say I've got a coaching program for know your numbers and if I have three students in the group coaching program, for know your numbers, I can handle that on my own. But if I've got six students, I need I need a helper. If I've got nine students, I need a second helper. If I've got 12 students, I need another helper, right? And I'm going to hire those helpers on a subcontract basis, and I'm only going to hire them in so much as I have new sales coming in

Speaker 1  11:27
any product that is specific to delivering the next sale, and the reason that they say that the language is expenses that I'll need to incur to make my next sale is because, typically, startup costs to get something in the door or ready to go is not a direct expense, right? In fact, sometimes it's not even an indirect expense. Sometimes it's not an expense at all. Sometimes it's an ICF investment. It's not OCF, right? So in the accounting language, you'll hear revenue, sales, top line, right? You know that's the language we hear here when you take revenue and you subtract direct expenses. This is also called cogs, cost of goods sold if it's and that's if it's and that's if it's a physical product, if it's a intangible product, like, let's say, like any service, then they just call it cost, CEOs, cost of sales. You guys, I have no idea why they call it that. I think cost of sales is a pretty dumb way to say it, because it makes it sound like, what does it cost to send your salesman around North America to go make sales. That's what it sounds like To the untrained ear, and probably to even just the same the same ear cost of sales sounds like what's it gonna cost me to send a salesperson around to go and sell this thing? Right? What is shipping? What is duct tape and boxes have to do with cost of cost of good soul. I don't know. It's just one of those moments where you just have to accept that accountants are speaking accountantes, and now that we know the words, we can use the words with them, even though it has no intuitive sense to it. Okay, so cogs or costs at their direct expense. So revenue minus cogs equals gross profit,

Speaker 1  13:51
revenue, minus cogs or costs or direct expense or variable expense, all the same word, right? I should have written that here, cogs costs, right? All the same word revenue minus cogs equals gross profit. Now you tell me, now that you know this, how radically different is gross profit from net profit? Holy shit balls. Okay, gross profit is here, and we haven't accounted for any of the wages or rent or software subscriptions, memberships, associations, anything, utilities like anything, website costs. And this is oftentimes the biggest part, right? This is the biggest expense of a company is overhead, especially if you've got a bunch of staff, right? There's an expression overhead walks on two feet, meaning the biggest part of overhead is typically the damn people. I shouldn't say, Damn people, they're productive assets. I mean, wait, no, they're humans, right? Okay, so do not ever make the mistake. Well, that sounds so critical. I highly recommend you never make a mistake confusing gross profit for net profit. Net Profit is down here and net profit is undertake gross profit, we subtract all of our indirect expenses or overhead. Now, oftentimes what we break out before net profit is actually taxes. So we subtract overhead, then you subtract taxes. Oftentimes we'll even subtract out interest. So let me just clean this up, revenue minus cogs equals gross profit. Gross profit minus overhead equals

Unknown Speaker  16:14
P bit

Speaker 1  16:16
profit before earnings and taxes. A um, then from there, subtract interest, and you've got PBT, and then you subtract taxes, and you've got net income for net profit.

Speaker 1  16:52
So why would we strip out? Why would we not just include interest in overhead or taxes in overhead? Well, a few reasons. One reason why you may want to have a kind of like, so we've got this like, you know. So this is a big number that we're typically looking at, or a major number. This is a major number we're looking at. This is a major number we're looking at. This is a major number we're looking at. This is a major number we're looking at, right? So why are we and if you wanted to look at other versions, you could right? I'm just saying this is a good starting point. If you wanted to say taxes, I'm sorry if you wanted to say profit before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. You could do that too. That's that's got a very fancy name, and it's a very popular name. You've probably heard it before, is EBITDA, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA, that's oftentimes used as a way to value companies and stocks. EBITDA is around this territory, and the reason they use that, one of the reasons they use that, is because, if we say our earnings before depreciation and amortization, we're adjusting for the fact a bit that depreciation and amortization, as we saw yesterday, is a little bit of a phantom number. It's kind of not a true market value number. It's right. It's just kind of like it's an on paper only type thing. It's oftentimes not real, reflective of reality. So that's why we'll do earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. So why would we, why would we strip some of these other numbers that well, interest, interest is related directly to the way we finance the company. The way we finance the company could be through a 0% loan from mom and dad, or it could be financed from a 19.99% credit card. The 0% loan obviously costs you very little money. In fact, no money in interest. Then the credit card at 19.99% will crucify you, right? So either way, however you finance, the business actually has no reflection on the actual running of the business on a day to day basis. How efficient are we at shipping things out? How happy are our customers? How potent is our marketing, right? All of those, like actually running the business questions are separate from like, as a CEO or investor, how am I financing the company? So this, by separating out this interest number, we get to get clarity on. How good are we doing at financing the business? And if we see that as a percentage of revenue, if this financing number just gets bigger and bigger, that means we're getting worse and worse financing. And we probably need to think about refinancing. How we've debt financed the business, if we've debt finance finance the business at all, okay, that's why we split that out. Why would we split out taxes? Well, taxes, again, helps us to see how good of a job is our accountant doing at minimizing taxes.

Speaker 1  20:45
Who do I want to vote for in the next election? If all that matters to me is how much I'm paying in taxes, right? So it just it kind of like holds accountable an outside person, ie the president of the country or prime minister of the country, and our accountant. This is another kind of like external to the daily operation type, expense, right? Interest, again, is kind of like outside the everyday operating of the business. That's why that's there. Another reason why you might want to have PBT or PBIT is if you are paying bonuses to teammates. If you're going to pay bonuses to teammates and you're going to do a percentage of the financial performance of the company, then you'd want to pick one of these numbers, because if you pick net income, well, bonuses actually are tax deductible. So you would, you would basically, you would like, you would get to this number, you'd get to net income. You say, Oh, by the way, and we're going to subtract $10,000 in bonuses to give to our team, which then actually changes this number profit before tax, which then would change the net income number, which would then change the bonus, which would then change the profit before tax number, which would then change the bonus, which would then write blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, just goes around around and around. So because taxes, I'm sorry, because bonuses themselves are tax deductible, that's why the PBT number is the better number to be using for calculating performance based bonuses, where we're calculating on profits. Sometimes performance based bonuses are based on revenue. For example, if we have commissions to a salesperson, right? Sometimes you want to award bonuses to teammates elsewhere in the business who are not directly tied to revenue, in which case PBT would be a number to go after. Now I already know that you guys are getting excited. You want to talk about comp plans because I mentioned it, and I'm going to highly recommend that we not have that conversation today, and maybe not even have that conversation until the very end of the course, if we have time. Okay, I always get asked about bonus plans, comp plans and whatnot. Very valid question. I'm not poo pooing it right now, because it's it's a silly question, or it's irrelevant. It's very relevant. I just you paid for the Know your numbers, course. And let's get through that first, and then we can talk about advanced topics a little bit later. Okay, great. So, so now that we see this on this specifically, do we have any objections, any Yeah, buts, or I don't get it, or anything like that, we're good. Okay, excellent. Oh. Deborah Reynolds, Yep,

Speaker 3  23:33
yeah. The, can you just repeat again? The p, b, i, t, I want to make sure I know what's covered in there, specifically you said it was profit before earnings, and it was no

Unknown Speaker  23:48
profit before interest in taxes,

Speaker 3  23:51
interest in taxes, But then you also included amateurization, depreciation.

Speaker 1  24:00
Nope, so EBITDA would be it's kind of like if I were to draw, let me see here, if I were to draw a funnel, we've got earnings. We've got all forms of direct costs, right? Costs, cogs, variable, right? That's all up here. Then, then it's getting smaller, because then we've got overhead or fixed expenses. Now sometimes people just lump it all together in here. They'll lump interest in here, they'll lump taxes in here. They'll lump Depreciation Amortization in here. What I'm saying is, if you want, you can pull some things out if you want to start getting up. Six at a more granular level. So we could, at this point, call this so if you wanted to put EBITDA in, there would be here, right. Then we would subtract depreciation, then we subtract amortization. We'd be left with EBIT which is the same as P bit. Remember profit and earnings is, are i It's risky to say interchangeable, but let's just say they're interchangeable for now. Then from there, I'm going to subtract interest, and that leaves me with EBT or PBT, same thing. Then I subtract taxes and I'm left with just earnings or and the word profit is nebulous, because does profit mean net profit, or does profit mean gross profit? Right? So now that we're at the level of sophistication that we are, let's make sure that we're always saying either gross profit or net profit in our language, in this course, amongst ourselves, and also as we're talking to our accountants and anytime we're having a financial conversation. So like you know, Deborah, if I wanted to, if I really wanted to pull the data, I could say earnings before lunchroom, expenses, interest in taxes. Like you know, you can, you can manipulate this any way you want. I could say I could say earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, rent, car, expense and tax. I already said taxes, right? You can manipulate this any way you want so that you're seeing what you want to see analysts in on Wall Street typically want to see EBITDA. I find what's most practical in most of the businesses I work in is revenue, cogs, gross profit, total expense, you know, of overhead, PBIT interest, PBT, taxes, net income. And then look, that's a starting point. That's not meant to be the final word. That's a starting point. And then from there, you can modify with each your clients as you see fit. Are we good? Dr, Yes, awesome. Okay,

Speaker 4  27:16
I have a real quick question. Yep, it comes to affiliate. Would that be in cogs?

Speaker 1  27:24
So tell me your thinking, because you're onto something really important here, and I love the direction you're going. So what's your thinking?

Speaker 4  27:31
Well, I'm thinking that you wouldn't do all the other deductions yet because their cost of good their cost of goods sold, yeah, because they, I don't know, because they don't necessarily work for you. So wouldn't be, like, down below when it when it talk, when you talk about taking money out. So

Unknown Speaker  27:54
was there 1099, yeah, I

Speaker 4  27:58
don't know. Like, I was just curious, because from what you were saying before, it sounds like it would be up there in cogs.

Speaker 1  28:03
Okay, so first of all, whether someone with someone's legal status 1099, versus w2 I would say, is a little bit less important than what I consider this person to be a step cost or a slope cost. And you know, so step cost down here, right? We talked about indirect expenses, and I said, even though my assistant works for me hourly, I still think of it as an overhead. So there's sometimes some exceptions, exceptions, a direct expense is a slope cost, right? So it doesn't have this step, step, step, step, step, it's more a slope cost, okay, right? So if we ask ourselves, does anybody remember what is like the word test? We say to ourselves, if we're trying to figure out if something is cogs or direct expenses, and I'll just, I'll flip the simplified side here, if something is cogs or costs, what is the what's the sentence we say to ourselves to ask to figure out if it is or it isn't, if it's variable or fixed? Yes, it again. Very bullshit. Yeah, okay, but, yeah, but, but, but that's, that's not the sentence I'm looking for. No

Unknown Speaker  29:19
any added

Speaker 1  29:19
expense I need to incur to make my next sale. Bingo, that's that. That's the sentence. So Deb, if I had an affiliate, is paying that affiliate required to make my next sale through that affiliate?

Unknown Speaker  29:36
Yes, yes,

Speaker 1  29:38
my sales team, if I've got a salesperson the amount of their income that is commission. Do I to when I make my next sale? When that salesperson makes their next sale? When when I make my next sell through that salesperson, is their commission going to go up as a direct result of that next sale happening? Yes, absolutely. So that's cogs as well. So you can actually get in a situation. This is a perfect example. A salesperson's commissions lands in cogs if they've got a base salary that actually falls in overhead. Hmm?

Unknown Speaker  30:23
Any other questions, objections, yeah, but what ifs No,

Speaker 4  30:29
that was great. I just feel differently. I guess I don't really have anything to back this up. It just doesn't cost you anything initially in the beginning to have affiliate, but it does it on the back end, so it's the same, I guess, as if you have a salesperson working for you. Commission only,

Speaker 1  30:48
right? Yeah. So if I've got to sit, if I, if I've, you know if, if I've got an affiliate who's, who's promoting my product, they would not have any expense in overhead. There would be no line in here that says affiliate fees. There would definitely be a line here that says affiliate fees, and I'd put it up here now, now, unless I was in a very atypical situation where maybe, maybe there's a really powerful affiliate out there that I really, really, really want to work with. And I tell them, You know what? I will pay you $1,000 of month just to have my name on your website or in your in all of the YouTube videos you shoot. I want you to use my quest bars. And I want you to mention Quest bars. I want them to be on the table in your fitness videos or whatever. Okay, I will pay you $1,000 a month just to be your official sponsor of whatever, or even just to be on your roster. And then each time you make a sale, I'll also pay you 5% of all the quest bars that get sold. So

Speaker 2  32:04
it's basically like a sponsorship At that rate, it'd be a direct cost or direct expense,

Speaker 1  32:10
whatever the fixed amount is that is the exact same, no matter how much you sell, that goes into overhead. That goes into fixed costs, whatever amount of it that is the variable cost, the slope cost that only is incurred when I make my next sale through that channel or that person, that that portion would then become a fixed cost. I'm sorry, the indirect I almost just threw the whole thing under the bus there. That would become my variable cost, my dirt, my direct cost, my cost of sales, or my cost of goods sold, yes, the percentage of

Speaker 2  32:46
affiliates would go back into cogs, yep. And then your fixed sponsorship or monthly fee would go into the direct the fixed cost,

Speaker 1  32:55
100% you got it 10 out of 10, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  33:01
we're doing okay.

Speaker 1  33:03
Good work. Guys, awesome. Okay, any other questions, objections, yeah, but what ifs Okay, good. All right, you guys, we are doing fantastic. This is really, really good. Great work, everybody. Okay, we're going to flip over here to our we're going to flip over to diamond financial. So if you can please pull that out again. That would be fantastic. And who is the brave intrepid soul who's going to put themselves out there?

Speaker 5  33:44
I'll try. I'll try. Tim, okay, have you already

Speaker 1  33:47
gone once? Brandon, I'm just trying. I want to make sure everyone gets a chance. Have you I was

Speaker 5  33:51
going to go yesterday, but you said you start today. Ah,

Speaker 1  33:55
thank you for reminding me. Thank you for reminding me. Okay. And I also just need to pull up the right screen here. Just give me a moment here. We'll see if we can also get some battery life on this laptop here again, make sure that we're not going to end up running out of juice. I uh,

Speaker 1  34:26
well, perfect, Brandon, that you'll be the one doing this, seeing as you and I had some questions around the t shirt example, which which I shared with Brandon over the break, I may have made a mistake. And so what we're going to do is what I should have done from the very beginning, is just follow the process. Tim, follow the process. Do diamond financials for God's sakes, dude, you invented the damn thing. Eat your own cooking. Come on. TF, so we're going to do that here, and then if. Did. We'll circle back to the scratch example to get myself in trouble when I go off the script and I just start innovating on the side, slap that hand. Bad. TF, okay, all right, so Brandon, you are, you're up. And if we just, you know, Brandon, before we do this, let me just repress everyone. So we've got a business. We've added, you know, we've got our balance sheet beginning ending. We've got an income statement and statement of cash flows. These two match each other, right? And the date range of these two is exactly from the moment that this balance sheet was pulled, to the moment this about balance sheet was pulled. What do I mean by pulled? What I mean is you went into QuickBooks or zero or simply accounting, or sage or whatever, and you ran a report that says, Tell me what is my balance sheet as of December 31 2014 it gives you the State of the Union of what the business was like on that moment. If you go into your accounting software, you can actually go back and run a balance sheet on any day. If your business has been around for five years, you could and even if your fiscal year is January one to December 31 so it's the same as the calendar year. You could go to the weirdest, most awkward day. You could you could go to the Leap Year Day. You could say February 29 of when was the last leap year? 2016 I think, what was the State of the Union on that day? It's almost like saying, what was, what was the weather on that day? You know, it was a high of 77 a low of 59 and we had 38% humidity as measured at the airport. Okay, that's what happened. That was the State of the Union. That's what the world was like in that moment. And so perfect. We can run that balance sheet for any day that our business has been around. So we've got a balance sheet for this end of year. We've got this balance sheet for the end of the next year. And our income statement, statement of cash flows, covers the time period between the two. If this is the State of the Union and this is the State of the Union, it's almost like if I were and actually, this is a really interesting point. It dawned on me. It dawned on me every time you're in a balance sheet, what you're looking at is, wow, if I were to shut down this entire business right now. This is the book value of what of what I would get for it. A comp, fully completed balance sheet is saying, If I were to close down this business right now, book value, what would I get for it? Now, obviously, guys, as we've talked about, there could be a massive jump from book value to market value. Okay, so I don't want to under, undersell that potential gap. Just understand, like on December 31 2013 what we're looking at on the screen here. What could I sell this business for? Well, definitely zero, because there's no assets and there's no liabilities. There's nothing in it. What's this business worth here? Well, I've got earnings. I had earnings of $40,000 for the year that came over to OCF, if you remember. So that's our $40,000 because of that OCF, plus the FCF that I had come in. So I took a loan for $50,000 I've got $90,000 in cash. Okay, great. So this is the State of the Union on December 31 2014 one year, one year later, right? Because we've had, this is what, this is the activity of the year. Well, if I were to, if I were to close down this business, I'd have to guess what, take $90,000 cash, right? Which is my assets? I'd have to pay off this loan for $50,000 what would I be left with? Lo and behold, $40,000 this equity is the net worth. This is what the business would be worth, theoretically, book value if I were to sell it today, is the equity section.

Speaker 6  39:25
Quick question. Tim, yep, on the income statement that earnings is net of tax already, right? So that earning is, like, the the debt of everything, the net profit,

Speaker 1  39:34
right? Yeah, that's right, yeah, yeah, this, this is, this is net income bottom line, after taxes, everything. Yes. So, so here's the interesting thing. I know that we're going to get questions later, as we're looking at more and more real, real financials and or you're looking at your own financials, we're going to say, What the hell is this thing called retained earnings? What does that mean? Well, what it means is. It's earnings that were retained by the business. So because this business did not pay out its earnings for the year, right? If you remember, distribute zero, right? We said that. And if we look on the cash flow, the statement of cash flows, $0 distributed. So if it's not distributed, it's retained by the business. And so right here, we've got earnings equity is at $40,000 because we've retained earnings of $40,000 now what would happen? I'm about to go off the script again. I hope I don't regret this. What would happen? I'll maybe do it in a different color. What would happen if we actually did distribute all of this, all the all the earnings that we had, the $40,000 which then became OCF, $40,000 coming What if we did distribute it? Well, let's find out. Let me just copy and paste that I'm going to make this. Going to make this like green, so we just got come on back. Is

Speaker 1  41:15
that going to show up? That's little light. I'm going to go red. We'll definitely be able to see that. Okay, so let's say, let's say I distributed. We have $40,000 in earnings. What if I did not retain any earnings? What if I distributed the earnings? Well, then what we would have here is distribution. This would be negative $50,000 right? This loan would still be at plus $50,000 so that hasn't changed. What would change, though, is now our FCF number would be zero.

Unknown Speaker  42:02
Wait, would distribution be minus 40,000

Speaker 1  42:07
I'm sorry, that's right, Peter, thank you. Yeah, because you distributed your earnings. So it's negative 40,000 is leaving the bank and leaving the business to go to the owner. So we've got negative 40 distribution. Plus 50 had come into the business over the same year because of the loan. So our FCF position is actually plus 10. Let me just offset that so that makes more sense. Here we go. Everybody following so far? If yes, thumbs up. Okay, great, good. So now, if I follow the bouncing ball, I've got zero plus 40 is 4040. Plus zero is still 4040. Plus 10

Unknown Speaker  42:52
equals 50.

Speaker 1  42:58
That's my in cash is $50,000 I'll take the plus off. There is $50,000 so that means that my end cash is now 50, which means my total assets is 50. My liability and loan is still the same. Nothing changes. My distribution, the company value went down by 50 because we distributed it. My earnings, my earnings are still 40, right? My previous equity is still zero.

Speaker 1  43:46
Yeah, still zero. So my total equity

Unknown Speaker  43:50
is the distribution 50 or 40?

Speaker 1  43:54
Did I make that mistake? Distribution is 40. Thank you. 40. Distribution earnings left the company. So that's negative 40 that left, and we had earnings of positive 40, which made the value of the business go up, because the earnings were positive. Here, previous equity is zero, so our total equity is zero. So total equity is zero. And so if we just follow the bouncing ball, $50,000 total assets minus $50,000 of liability should be zero. And lo and behold, it's zero. So retained earnings is simply the difference between what earnings have we accrued, and remember, balance sheet is since inception, so since the beginning of time, since the beginning of time, how many, how much earnings have we generated, minus what earnings have we distributed? And that equals retained earnings. Let me just put that on. The sheet right here, retained earnings equals all time earnings minus all time distributions.

Speaker 2  45:26
So in this example, Tim, does it make the business less valuable? I mean, is it? Mean that there's it because you took all the earnings, right? You took the equity out, essentially, that year is, I mean, it's like, oh, it said, I'll give you $1 for your company. Or what is that? How do you value this? Then market value, etc.

Speaker 1  45:48
So let me ask you the question. Brandon, I got a business for sale. Would you prefer to have a business? How much would you pay me for a business that has $40,000 of equity, which also, you know, because of because it has $40,000 retained earnings, means that if we were to liquidate everything, there would be $40,000 of cash, right? That's what this equity number means. So somewhere in all this there's earnings of $40,000 retained earnings of $40,000 how much would you pay me for that, versus a business that has $0 of equity because it has zero retained earnings,

Unknown Speaker  46:23
not very much, right?

Speaker 1  46:26
You might buy it if there's, like, you know, a big customer list that you know how to sell to, to really generate a bunch of money from, or it's a famous brand that you really love and you think, like, for example, Indian motorcycles. A lot of people don't realize this. Indian motorcycles has gone bankrupt, like five or six different times under different names, like Harley Davidson has been the same company the whole way through, Honda engines, honda cars, Honda motorcycles has been the same company the whole way through. Indian motorcycles went bankrupt, and the in the liquidation, they liquidated naming rights and all the rest, some company, 183567, limited out of Nebraska said we're gonna buy this and we're gonna operate as, or do business as Indian motorcycles, bought the brand, bought the domain name, bought the the intellectual property, the copyrights, I'm sorry, the the copyrights and the trademarks and the to the Indian head with and the stylized scrolly Indian name, like they bought all of that, and then they they went and just started a brand new motorcycle company, because they bought the the The surviving assets, the non tangible assets that were still there, and then that company went bankrupt, and then some company out of Ohio, and then, so, you know, right? And then just fail, fail, fail, fail. Yet, the brand lives on, right? The brand lives on. And that would be an example, now, maybe on so on a on a balance sheet. What's kind of crazy is, I've actually seen some some accountants, and I don't know if this is still the case, but a few years ago, they would literally depreciate the value. I'm sorry, no, they would say that the value of a domain name in the books, this is just book value. The book value of a domain name is what you paid for it, so and so and the high the most expensive domain, I think this was seven years ago, was vibrator.com seven years ago, the most expensive domain was vibrator.com that would be the market value of vibrator.com was $1 million okay, the book value of that domain name was $11 because whoever bought it bought it on godaddy for 11 bucks,

Unknown Speaker  48:55
which is market value versus book value,

Speaker 1  48:58
exactly, right? And so if there's some kind of situation like that, right, the book like, what is the book value of the brand Indian motorcycles? I don't know, maybe zero. Maybe, maybe that's what's going on here, right? And maybe that's why you would still pay money for a business that has $0 of equity book value, because the market value is so significantly different, and so now we just get to the same classic situation where it's like, the same part of the human brain that has people want to go and like, buy storage lockers right, that have been locked and abandoned for $5,000 sight unseen is that that piece of us that knows and thinks like, wow, I'm gonna buy low and sell high, how? And that isn't that such an essential part of entrepreneurship too, is identifying opportunity where other people's don't see it, right? And so there might be a business for sale that's selling for like, $100,000 Dollars and the current owners just have no idea how to keep moving any further. They're at their wit's end. Maybe they're sick and old and tired or something like that. Of putting up with all this crap and all those dealing with millennials and having a deal with the online business, that newfangled thing called the Internet, what a pain in the ass. That thing is, right, and maybe there's people on today's call in this, in this course right now that goes like millennials. I love millennials. I am a millennial and is like the internet. I love the internet. My whole business runs virtually. I know how to use this thing called online advertising. I could definitely sell all the inventory that that company has, that company making sweaters that's been making sweaters the same way since 1922 and just can't do anything to save their business. I'm gonna buy that business. I'm gonna pay them. I'm gonna pay them whatever they owe in in in payments on the sweaters that they owe to the factory in China. I'm gonna help them cover their bills so they can walk away from this business, and I'm gonna pay their, you know, their staff, for the last month they haven't been paid. I'm gonna pay the staff. I'm gonna pay for the sweaters at wholesale price, or, like, what I got from the factory. I'm gonna pay for the business. They can walk away their credit scores intact. And now I know how to add value to the situation that I can sell those sweaters at 5x because I know how to brand them, I know how to position them, and I know how to get a celebrity involved, to endorse them, an Instagram influencer, maybe on and on and on. And now I can see opportunity to now take this whole situation, and instead of, you know, I paid 100 grand, but I can turn that into a million dollars, because I can see the gaps between book value and market value. So I I'm like, totally going down a rabbit hole here around, like, buying businesses and whatnot, but I just want you guys to see that sometimes these fine nuances that seem like they're not a big deal. What the heck's book value versus versus market value? It's just one word that's the only difference. It's like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Like, this is the gap, and that's actually how Warren Buffett made a ton of money in the earlier days of his investing. Was investing him, and I forget who wrote the book that and was his mentor. Charlie Munger is his partner. What's a Graham? Benjamin Graham was his. Was his mentor. And Benjamin Graham taught Warren to go find cigar butts. A cigar butt is a business that has one puff left in it, and then after that, it's done. And so Warren could buy stock in companies where their earnings were so low that it was an unattractive company. And people would just go like, I don't really, you know, it's not an interesting business. It's in trouble. But Warren would just look at, what are the assets worth, not book value. And he would go shop and look at the what is the market value of of this factory or of the equipment inside the factory, and he'd realize the intrinsic value of this business, if we just sold all the assets at market value, was way more than the book value. So then from there, he'd buy the stocks in it, he'd get control a company, and if they would end up liquidating, then he would make a ton of money doing it right, or he would find right. So it's just, it's like, it's like being six years old, and having a baseball card and and knowing what the value of that baseball card is compared to the next person. And so you go to a garage sale, or you go to a thrift store and you see the like, Willie Mays rookie card, and you're just like, oh my god, this is $4 because it's a baseball card. This is like a $60,000 baseball card. I want that right now, right? Perfect. Okay, I probably just opened a whole can of worms, and we got to keep moving. So if so I'm open to comments or questions, I just need the permission that if I need to say maybe no or not now, then I'd like to have that opportunity. Good, good and good. Okay, great. Okay, Brandon, you're up.

Speaker 5  54:07
You're up. All right, let's do it. So we've got the balance sheet from December 31 2018 we're going to carry it over.

Unknown Speaker  54:17
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  54:19
assets are at 280,000

Speaker 1  54:30
man so a few things I don't love about Mac preview. This is one of them I can't just copy and paste from one i i needed to flip Okay, and we were in blue and

Speaker 1  54:55
okay take us to the Promised Land. Assets are 280,000 1000. Thank you. 250,000 so I'm not check. I'm not double checking your work at all. I'm just ripping so please double check and make sure we get this right.

Speaker 5  55:10
I Yeah, I'll double check and others. Thank you. Me true to the numbers to 30,000 for software. Okay, liabilities are 30,000 and the loan was 30,000 okay, then we have 250,000 in equity,

Unknown Speaker  55:30
okay,

Unknown Speaker  55:36
all right, so we had $500,000 in revenue.

Unknown Speaker  55:48
Okay, 350,000 in expenses.

Unknown Speaker  55:53
Okay,

Speaker 5  55:56
we have the third year of depreciation of 10,000 Okay, we have earnings of 150,000 Okay, well, let me get go back here real quick so we had, I'm need to keep reading, though, What? What happened? So, 30 dividends. Sorry, thank you. I'm sorry. 20,000 in inventory. Let's

Speaker 1  56:26
just start the top here. What happened? Let's just read through this. Everyone can follow along.

Speaker 5  56:30
Revenue at 500 Yeah, 350 10 year, three of depreciation, then we have just inventory at $20,000 for 4000 shirts. It's not an expense. So then we have $30,000 in dividends. So one thing real quick, on the 20,000 I'm assuming we're putting over here at adjusted for inventory on the statement of cash flows. Do you want to start listing that out right now?

Speaker 1  57:04
No, okay, let's let's finish though. What happened?

Speaker 5  57:07
Okay, so 30,000 in dividend and a payoff of the loan, we paid off 10,000 on the loan,

Speaker 1  57:15
correct? So my question to you now is, what is our per unit expense for 1t shirt wholesale.

Speaker 5  57:24
So 4000 t shirt, or $20,000 divided by 4000 so is that $5 a shirt?

Speaker 1  57:31
That's right, $5 a shirt. And this is an important fact for later, for the next slide, for the next build. Just remember our cost. So our our cogs, our direct cost when we sell one shirt is $5 per shirt. Okay, that's an important fact we're going to need for the next slide. Okay, keep going. Brandon, you're doing a great job. Thank you.

Speaker 5  57:58
So we're going to take our revenue at 500 we're going to track our expenses so we get to an earnings of 150,000

Unknown Speaker  58:08
Yes, sir, yep. Okay,

Speaker 5  58:11
then we're going to move we're going to start moving things over into the statement of cash flows. Okay? You want to move over as the earnings into earnings at 150,000 okay? We want to adjust for depreciation. We want to add 10,000

Speaker 1  58:29
okay? And why? And why is it a positive and not a negative?

Speaker 5  58:34
Well, because the cash went out in year one, but we've now been creating it over the next five years, and so it's no longer being a cost. It's actually us adjusting for the cost we already incurred.

Speaker 1  58:46
So precision of language check here You said it's not a cost. So let's say that sentence again and and just be super conscious about where you're saying cost, which, which is an expense, which is income state. And when you're saying cash outflow, which is cash leaving the bank,

Speaker 5  59:05
it's no longer cash out. It had already it's already gone out, we're now just appreciating the asset. And so we're kind of, we're counting it. I'm not sure how to say it. I'm not basically adding, or we're adjusting, or adjusting for that depreciation. Depreciation,

Speaker 1  59:28
yes, so because this depreciation is here, it makes our earnings 150,000 sorry, $10,000 lower than what the actual cash situation is, because we didn't actually have cash of $10,000 go out in this year, that happened up here in the first year. So that means we need to increase this so when this number goes from earnings over to OCF, we need to increase by $10,000 Cash because this is, this is the cash story, right? OCF, cash story is when cash actually left. So we actually had $160,000 in actual cash come in from earnings. It only looks like 150 though, because we had this non cash expense of $10,000 so that's why. So we're pulling this over 150 as kind of like a cheat sheet. This is like a little cheat sheet down here. We're going to adjust for depreciation. It's going to be positive $10,000 the number has to go up because we unfairly like penalized earnings here by $10,000 because of of of our depreciation. Okay? So Brandon, we got a new situation on our hands here. Oh, my God, adjusting for inventory,

Speaker 5  1:00:52
right? So we did, in fact, have cash leave for the inventory, right? Yep, yep, $20,000 Yep. So is that minus 20?

Speaker 1  1:01:13
You tell me, what's that? What's the rule of thumb? What's the thought test that we ask ourselves positive versus negative on when it comes to cash.

Speaker 5  1:01:22
So, yes, cash left, so it's a negative bingo. So if cash leaves, it's negative, if cash comes in, it's a positive. Yes. Now we now get to the beginning cash. We can bring that down. So that was at 250,000

Unknown Speaker  1:01:44
Yes, our

Speaker 5  1:01:46
operations, if you do, well, let me actually sorry, let's get down the dividends. We'll add everything up here in just a moment. So, okay, there was a dividend that was distributed at 30,000 so that is a minus 30. And why is it minus? Because it went to the owners, it went out the bank, went out of the business. Thank you. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:02:08
thank you for saying that. Yeah. My it left the business. Yep, the business.

Speaker 5  1:02:11
We paid off 10,000 on the loan. So that is a negative 10,000

Speaker 1  1:02:21
but isn't paying off loans a positive experience?

Speaker 5  1:02:25
Oh, yes, maybe that's right, yes, positive. Well, I

Speaker 1  1:02:29
don't know. It seems like paying off it seems like paying off loans is a good thing. Shouldn't that be a positive?

Unknown Speaker  1:02:34
Yeah, it will. Um, the loan does get smaller? Let me see what happens

Speaker 6  1:02:42
here. It reduces your cash. It just mean, Tim, just so mean,

Speaker 1  1:02:51
because, because this is the, this is what happens in our head, like in our, yeah, in our, in our heads we say, but paying, paying off the loan is a good thing. So it must be a positive.

Speaker 5  1:03:00
The cash still went out to pay that loan off, so it is a negative. Oh, thank

Speaker 1  1:03:05
you. Thank you for catching me. You got it, yeah? Bingo, yeah, cash left. So just be real strict about that. It's a negative. You got it,

Speaker 5  1:03:11
it's a negative. So now we're gonna do the balance ball as you say. How did you say it?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:18
All right, I'm trying to use your your lingo there but 250,000 is where we're beginning. In cash, the operations are 150,000

Speaker 5  1:03:27
plus 110,000 which is 160 minus the 20,000 we get to 140,000 and no CF. And then in the finance the FCF, we have 30,000 and negative 30 and negative 10. So we get to negative 40,000

Speaker 5  1:03:53
so if we do it from the top, it's 250 plus 140. Is 390, minus the 40

Unknown Speaker  1:04:01
is so you missed one. You missed one. Sorry. Thank you. 250,000

Speaker 5  1:04:07
plus 140,300 90,000 $0 in ICF, so we're still at 390 then we thank you, 40,000 and we get to 350,000 at in cash.

Speaker 1  1:04:22
Excellent work, 10 out of 10, even, even after I throw curveballs at you, that's great. And let's just quickly before we go into the ending balance sheet. Quick note here, you might say in your head, well, hold on, if I, if I invest into inventory, aren't I investing in my own business? And Tim, didn't you say ICF is when we invest into our own businesses, like buying property, plant or equipment? I would, I completely agree with you that that would make it seem like inventory goes into ICF. And what. The the best way I could ex, I could explain that is, first of all, just know that, according to how accounting works, just if this is enough for you, just accept this at face value. Inventory goes into OCF. If you just want to accept it, then that's fine. If you need to think about like, why is that? Or what's the big picture? I would think about it this way, ICF is typically when, when ICF is typically like the machine. How are we adding to the machine of the business, such that it's going to produce earnings like, for example, if I had a loom, and I bought the loom that, like, weaves things together, the loom would be ICF, the cotton that I would buy, that would be inventory. That would be what's called unfinished inventory, and that would come into OCF that would go through my loom. I would add value to it with my ICF tool. I would add value to it to convert that cotton into thread and into a tapestry or something, whatever my finished good is, and and the machine is the loom that's ICF. The inputs that go into the loom are part of OCF. So, so if it's, if it's up, if it's a piece of the the good, that's OCF. If it's the machine that adds value, it's ICF. I know that's a little abstract, and there's probably a million exceptions, but I think in a big picture, I would think of it that way.

Speaker 2  1:06:56
Is it safe to say, like most capital, like large capital purchases, I consider ICF, yes, tractor, like you said, a software, $100,000 software, or something like that, right?

Speaker 1  1:07:08
Yes, I would say, in broad strokes, yes. I think also the way that language gets used can throw curve balls. Like I don't know, in my business, if I spent 100 grand on T shirts, I would say, Wow, that's a big capital expenditure, when, in fact, that it is still an OCF purchase. It's not an ICF purchase. Good rule of thumb, though. I like that as a starting point. I would just double check my assumptions if I was really gonna get into the nitty gritty. Good. Okay, Brandon, you're crushing this one. Dude, great job. Let's take us to the ending

Speaker 5  1:07:44
balance sheet. All right, so we now bring down the cash from our end. Cash goes into the cash there for the assets. Yep, our software was depreciated by $10,000 so is now $20,000

Unknown Speaker  1:07:58
Yes,

Speaker 5  1:08:00
our inventory, we now have $20,000 worth of inventory. It's a plus 20,000

Unknown Speaker  1:08:06
inventory, yep.

Speaker 5  1:08:09
So we can, we just add that one up real quick, and we just get to 390,000 in assets. Beautiful. Okay, so we also had our loan. We did pay off some of our loans, so we now get to 20,000 because our loan is at 30.

Speaker 1  1:08:24
So we were at 30. We paid off 10. We see that here paid 10, so yes, we're at 20.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:32
So now our liability is also 20.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:36
Okay, great,

Speaker 5  1:08:38
and we will get to 370,000 but we'll double check after we after we get through pre through previous equity

Unknown Speaker  1:08:45
return. And how did you get to 370

Speaker 5  1:08:49
assets minus the liabilities get us to 370,000 okay, this is and by the way, this is where I got a little thrown off, because in no other, none of the other balance sheets did it say r, e, t, earnings, Ooh, you got to hear, Oh, this was, and this was somewhere where I started to kind of go, Okay, interesting, so I made a little note here. But let's go previous equity. We know what that is. That's 250,000 if we take it from the top balance sheet. Okay, we know that our distributions were 30,000 which we can pull out of the distributions from the cash statement of cash flow.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:32
Oh, yeah, right here distributions. K,

Speaker 5  1:09:36
so that's minus 30, yep. And now our our earnings. If we look at earnings up at the top there, we see 150,000 so I put 150,000 in parentheses. I subtracted minus 20,000 because I'm not sure what we do here. Yeah, I.

Speaker 1  1:10:00
Um, so this is operator error on my behalf. This should just be earnings, okay, and I uploaded the wrong version of this sheet because, as we mentioned just a few minutes ago, retained earnings is the difference between earnings and distribution. So on your sheet, if you can, please go onto your sheet and and put a little black box over our et here,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:33
just like this,

Speaker 2  1:10:37
if it was retained earnings, wouldn't it? Wouldn't it be earnings 150,000 minus the distributed 30 so be 120,000

Speaker 5  1:10:44
right? Bingo, yeah, right, yeah. But when it had distributions in there, right? If you did, if you were saying retained earnings, you would include if it was retained,

Speaker 1  1:10:55
yeah. So, so let's hold that thought. So, now that this is just earnings. What would you put in here? 150,000

Unknown Speaker  1:11:03
I'm pulling that from our earnings on the income statement.

Speaker 1  1:11:05
Okay, perfect, awesome. And then let's put these three numbers together.

Speaker 5  1:11:10
All right, so we get to 250 plus 150 is 400 minus 30 is 370 so that's double check. And is correct?

Speaker 1  1:11:18
Bingo, yep. And oftentimes, and oftentimes on an income, I'm sorry, in Financials, on a balance sheet, they won't show you this, these two pieces, all that they'll say is retained earnings. And for me, that was so freaking confusing. Like, for years I'd look at retain earnings, I'm like, I have no idea where this number is coming from or how to calculate for it may be so angry and telling a little wound up about these things and so so on. It not always in actually more and more I'm seeing it broken out, but for the longest time, I only ever saw retained earnings, and it drove me up the friggin wall. So if, if that's if our accountant was giving us a balance sheet that was this, there's a good chance it would just say retained earnings, 120 if you ever need to make sense of it, you need to reverse engineer it, you would just do earnings minus distribution, and then, lo and behold, retain earnings. 120 plus equity of 250, is 370 which was Brandon's

Unknown Speaker  1:12:23
point. Oops.

Speaker 1  1:12:25
Good job, Brandon. Well done. Well done. Okay, let's, let's do this. We haven't taken a break for quite a while. Why don't we take a let's take a 15 minute break. We'll come back at a 14 minute break. Let's come back at noon, and then we'll have a one hour stretch until lunch. Talk to you guys soon. See ya.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai