Speaker 1  00:02
All right, welcome back. Everybody. Looks like most people hit it back. I didn't scare anyone away. That's good to see. Good to see. And what we're going to begin with here is we're going to open the workbook here. Let me share my screen, make sure that everybody's looking at the same thing. And there we go. Okay. Now again, if you for any reason, for any reason, if you don't actually have this notebook yet, if you happen to come in just a few minutes late, it is in the chat box. And what I'll do here is I'm going to put it back in the chat box just so that it's at the very, very top. For everybody, you'll want to make sure that you've got this open. This is what we're going through next. So clicking, copying, putting it in the chat box again, chat and, okay, so that's the folder with the documents. I just paste it in there. Whoops, I sent that privately to Chris. I meant to send that to everyone. Try that again. There we go. Yep. And then Jason Hall, uh, Koi, and main workbook, yep, that's the one. So the same document that you see on my screen right now, Kyn, main workbook at the very top, that is what we are working through right now. So I'll give everyone just a moment to pull that up. Don't want to leave anyone in the dust.

Unknown Speaker  01:34
Okay,

Speaker 1  01:38
if you've got it, maybe just put in the chat book box. Yes, have it? Got it something like that, and that'll confirm for me that I can head off to the races. Deborah, Peter, good to go. Jason, awesome. Just those three. Anyone else? Taryn, yeah, good, awesome. Okay, great.

Unknown Speaker  01:58
Yep, yep.

Speaker 1  02:00
Goldie's. Goldie's gold ready to go. Okay, so the very first thing I'd like to introduce this is a, this is a really,

Unknown Speaker  02:12
really important,

Speaker 1  02:15
a really, really important slide right here. We all heard about the five levels of 8020 and I'm sorry, we all heard of 8020 maybe not the five levels of 8020 8020 being simply that idea that 20% of inputs make 80% of the outcome, and 80% of the inputs make absolutely no difference at all, or very, very little difference. So I remember, I remember being and actually, I really just, I need to stand. I need to stand to speak and share this part. Stand and speak here. Okay, great duet, the full TF experience here. Okay, so I remember being at a Perry Marshall event. And Perry Marshall, you know, again and again, is been in my life in some powerful ways. When I was sick and I couldn't walk for three months, when I had erythium in a dose, it was his stuff that I was studying to learn about marketing, and along the way, I learned so many amazing things from him, including ideas like 20% of customers generate 80% of your profit. It's not, it's not 5050, out there. It's not half. Make half and the other half make the other half. It's a small percentage make, you know, a big, big percentage. And and along the way, I was also learning about how you know, 20% of teammates you know, or sales people on a sales team, or data entry people on a in a in a data center, generate 80 or 80% faster than the average person. And so I kept hearing about 8020 and I kept thinking, like, how does this all fit together? And it was when I was at an event Perry Marshall put on with Richard Koch that I I felt moved to kind of like, figure this out. So Richard Koch is a world famous investor. His net worth at the time that I saw him speak was around $300 million and I believe it's closer to five or 600 today, he was like 53rd or something like that on Britain's rich list. Right after Ringo Starr from The Beatles and Richard would get up and he would talk about how, when he was investing, he would only ever invest in companies that were the market leader, that were growing by 10% per year or more, and that, through that view, he was able to amass this amazing wealth. There's some other details. For sure, but that's what his life looks like, and that's why he works one hour a day. Is he spends an hour a day talking to a few the CEOs of the companies invested in, and then he goes for a walk by the lake with his dog, goes for a bike ride and has houses in like three countries. And that's life. He's the guy who actually wrote the book The 8020 principle, the one that Tim Ferriss always talks about and everyone talks about when they talk about the fundamentals of 8020 so fast forward a few years after that, and I get a message from Perry himself. He texted me, and he said, Tim, what's your latest thinking on 8020 because he knew that I'd been spending a lot of time thinking about it, and something I'd come up with was that

Unknown Speaker  05:43
what what 8020 looks

Speaker 1  05:45
like for Richard Kosh as a $300 million and more VC guy, is very different than what it looks like for me at the time, I had a marketing firm, so like managing Google AdWords accounts, and that's, you know, and then it's Different again, if I'm thinking about like, what's the 8020 in the relationships of my life, in the health of my life, in my, you know, in my personal life. And I realized that why I wasn't able to reconcile Richard's 8020 with my 8020 is because there's actually different levels of 8020 and so what you see on the screen level, one is personal. Personal is my health, you know, my relationships, and the factors that that that feed into that, so, sleep, diet, exercise, my faith, all of that is at the personal level. Now I'll tell you that the reason it's at the at the foundation, it's at the base is because if that goes away, if that goes away, everything else tumbles down. And I experienced that personally when I was sick and not able to walk, my business went to zero. I nearly went double bankrupt in my in my personal finance, and also my business finance. So one step up from personal skill, is anytime we're learning how to do the thing, that's the technical explanation do the thing. So whether that's building websites, writing procedures, if we're a graphic designer, like any of the technical skills, even being a bookkeeper, like filing tax returns, if someone's an accountant, like marketing, writing copy, all of it is all skill, skill, skill, skill, skill, right? And it might be business skills like copywriting and selling, or it might be skill like teaching yoga or being a facilitator or a meditation coach or something like that. So That's level two skill. Level three manager is very much like learning and being able to now lead others who have skill, right? So a lot of project project management skills in there, knowing how to lead meetings like that's very much in that level three manager realm, level four executive is very much the territory of making strategic decisions to lead the business. If we don't understand financials, it's almost impossible to operate at the level four, executive level, and subsequently, it's almost impossible to make decisions that are going to feed the financial success of the company. If we don't understand financials level, oftentimes at level four executive, we're also like, legal issues, you know, we're thinking about that. We're thinking very, very much about the team. We're thinking about threats, like, what Black Swans might float into the world that may throw our business off, like, for example, a pandemic. And then level five investor. Level five investor is very much about, you know, making placing a few bets, right? Whereas levels 1234, you really get to make a difference every single day on how things are going in your personal life and the skill that you do, the people you lead and the businesses that you design, build and execute like your hands are very involved every single day in in influencing those four levels. Level five, investor, oftentimes you're placing a bet. It's a calculated bet into a business. That business might be yourself. Even if you are a solopreneur, you still operate at all five of these levels, three, a little bit less, but the other four for sure, big time and in because you're placing a bet once, like you got to be very thoughtful that you're placing the right bet. Whereas a house, if you invest into it, it, you know, you can usually divest out of a house within, you know, within a few months, if it's a really, really high end house, maybe it takes six months to a year to be able to sell it. If you invest into a stock, you can usually get out right away by simply going back onto etrade.com or calling a stockbroker and selling it. Investing into a business, though it can take. Years to divest or to sell a business or to get out of it, right? And so that's why it's extra important for us, what to develop those level five investor skills is so that we're making the right decision. Because we're kind of into it for a while. We're into it for a while once we're going with our business. So if we take a look, and I'll just highlight down here, right where it says level two skill. Skill is skill is really good. It's great. It's important. Most entrepreneurs will start by developing, actually, their level one personal. We'll do a lot of mindset work. We'll study things like Tony Robbins, and we'll study, you know, maybe the secret, or something like that that gets us into, like, goal setting and and being able to, like, show up in our personal performance, that level two skills, and we start actually learning technically, how to do things and to really bring value to the world, right and at and if, and if we want to hang out at the and just like if, the right spot On this curve for us is level two skill. It's low risk, which is fantastic. It's also low reward, it's low leverage, and it's low consequence. So for example, if someone is a doctor, a medical doctor, let's say they're a surgeon, even that's still a level two skill role. So it's not to say that skill is, you know, a barista working at Starbucks, right? And not to say that there's zero skill. I would just say that if you were to take this five levels of 8020, and talk about a hospital, right, that surgeon who's working on a patient at a time actually is in a lower risk role than someone at level three who might be the person who's leading all of the surgeons, or the executive that's overseeing all the surgeons and all the ICU and all of the everything. Right? So it doesn't matter what industry or business you apply this to their whoever's playing that skill role has lowest risk, lowest reward, lowest leverage, lowest consequence. And I'll tell you, the vast majority of the human population is best suited to be in this level two, maybe level three, because they want to go home at night and they want to work nine to five, and then after that, they want to live their life what's most important them from five to nine. And there's nothing wrong with that. In fact, I think it's really valuable if we understand for ourselves where we belong on this curve as we go up the curve, if we go all the way to the top, high risk, high reward, high leverage, high consequence, Warren Buffett will make a billion dollar bet on something and wait maybe 20 years before that his money will come out again, right? So, and if he gets it wrong, like this is not a $10,000 mistake, right? This is a billion dollar mistake, maybe $100 million mistake, if it's if it's like less consequential. So as we go up the five levels of 8020, different things are required. So first of all, most people on this call, myself included, have probably spent most of our time going to workshops in the number number one, personal and number two, skill level, even the degree that I got, even the degree that I got was a mix of level two, level three for the most part. When, when I think about what makes success, I think about seven pillars. I think about skill set, mindset, coaching, community, tools, strategy, and then the environment that we're working in, like, clearly, the environment that we're in today in a pandemic, dramatically affects everything else, right? So, like, we can't discount the importance of environment. So at level one, there's skill set, mindset, coaching, community tools, strategy and environment, right? There's skills you can learn, there's mindsets to have, there's people to surround yourself with, who you know. Let's say you want to go to Tony Robbins course, right there, right? And there's coaches you can get from it and on and on and on and on. Likewise, there's, you know, want to talk about learning how to do Facebook ads, or how to be a professional speaker, how to write a book. Let's say it's how to write a book. Okay? At level two skill there's skill sets, mindsets, coaching, community, tools, strategy and environment, right? So all seven of these pillars apply to every single level. Most seminars we go to our level one or level two, most communities were part of our level one or level two, like you go into Facebook and you're part of a Facebook group that's called like, speakers and authors, right? Or NLP, practitioners or dentists, or something like that. I don't know if dentists hang out on Facebook and private groups, but a lot of what we're surrounded with is one and two, maybe some three to the narrow numbers workshop is a level four. Straddling level five workshop, and it's going to present some things that are very, very different, simply because it's at a very different level, not better, not worse, just a different spot. Okay? So along those lines, when it comes to the five levels of 8020

Speaker 1  15:21
there's different tools and habits and in strategies at each of the five levels. So for example, a number that I might watch at the personal level might be, how many steps Am I taking in a day to measure my fitness. A number I might look on at the skill level is like, how many people have subscribed to my email newsletter. Number three, manager might be something like, how fast is our team shipping product? Level four, a number might look at is how much cash do we have in the bank. Number five, investor might look at how much market share do we have, right? So there's different numbers that we need to be watching at each level. There's also different tools at each level. Maybe I've got a Fitbit to track my personal path, and maybe at level three Manager I'm using like a Kanban board, or what's it called? What's the software with the cards that you move it across? I can't believe I'm blanking on this Trello. There we go. That's a great tool for Level Three manager. It can be used at other levels, but it's very common at that level three manager. And then there's also different, different documents that we need, you know and or reports at each level. So I just want to encourage you to open yourself to the possibility that there's new ways of looking at things, because we're not operating right now one or two, or even really three, we're talking about levels four and five. So along those lines, there's, there's a number of what I call grand misunderstandings, grand misunderstandings in business, and specifically to what leads to true progress in business. I'm going to put I'm going to draw for you guys. This is my this is my online flip chart. So I'll do this quickly, because I know most of you have already seen this. However, I'm not. I don't want to leave anyone in the dust who hasn't. So

Unknown Speaker  17:21
here we go,

Speaker 1  17:23
if we've got someone here, and they go here and there and here and there and here and there and here and there and here. We've got them, they've traveled one mile, three miles, five miles, four miles, three miles, five miles, four, two

Unknown Speaker  17:46
and five. That's

Speaker 1  17:49
probably a four. So if I were to literally add all of these up, we would see one plus three is four, 913, 1621, 2527 26 miles. Is our distance. 26 miles. Then from there, there's something different, called displacement. And that's a different measurement.

Unknown Speaker  18:14
Displacement is

Speaker 1  18:16
directly from if we were to draw a straight line from the beginning to the end. So we might say, I'm just going to eyeball that. Let's say that that's like, let's say that's like 11 miles. Now there's yet a different measurement, and that measurement is, how long has it taken, right? So I would call that like time, or I would call that experience also very valuable, right? What this doesn't, what none of this does, though, is measure our true elevation, and that's actually here to here and oftentimes, and you know that might be, what is that five elevation so in entrepreneurship, we, we glamorize. I've got a six figure business, I've got a seven figure business, I've got a six figure launch, right? We, we make money. We spend money. We make money. We spend money. Time is going by, right? We make money, we spend money, we make money. We spend money, we make money. Right. Time is going by.

Speaker 2  19:27
We glamorize how much we make and sell.

Unknown Speaker  19:33
There's almost zero conversation

Unknown Speaker  19:38
talking about

Speaker 1  19:41
what we kept, how long we kept it for, and what kind of true progress we actually made. What is the actual elevation gain that we've achieved? And this is everywhere, you guys. It's in the Facebook posts we see. It's in the email broadcast that go out. It's the speakers that we see at conference. Is glamorizing, glamorizing, glamorizing sales, sales, sales, and the things that they say lead to sales, including clicks and likes and follows and subscribes,

Unknown Speaker  20:14
and there's barely any

Speaker 1  20:17
conversation, sometimes even between business partners who both see the bank accounts about true actual progress. There is very little conversation even between accountants and their clients around true progress. Now let me just pull back our other screen here. This begs the question, what actually represents true progress. So numbers right here that are that are vanity metrics, and I would even also say process metrics. So what I mean by process metrics? Let me just pull up a new screen here.

Speaker 1  21:04
Yes, we do need to, you know, speak on the stage. And yes, that does need to generate a certain number of sales meetings. And yes, that does need to generate a certain amount of revenue, and and yes, and there's, you know, then we need to fulfill on it. And yes, it is going to lead to us getting paid. No question about it. All of these are part of the process. Make no mistake, though, these are not true

Unknown Speaker  21:49
progress.

Speaker 1  21:54
True progress. There's only four numbers that represent true progress before I share those with you before I share those with you, a very quick story. So a client says to me, Tim, I need your help to double sales. And I said, Okay, doubling sales, that sounds exciting. Why is that? And he said, Well, I need to double sales because we're not successful enough. And I said, Okay, what's the moment that you knew that you weren't successful enough? And he says, What do you mean? I said, Well, what was the moment? What were you doing? What did you see when you said, Geez, I'm not successful enough. He said, Well, I guess I was, I was in my online banking. Oh, interesting. You were in your online banking, okay? And what did you see? And he says, Well, I was in my online banking, and I saw that I had less money there than I wanted. I said, Okay, great, awesome. We're there. So it's maybe so. So would it be okay if we had a cash conversation, not a revenue conversation? And he said, Well, okay, sure, let's do that. And later in the course, I'm going to show you something called a decision making matrix, and it gets in the details of the story. The summary, though, was that when we started kind of just even guesstimating how long it was going to take for him to put an extra $50,000 in the bank, he wanted to double sales to put an extra $50,000 in the bank. After looking at all his options, we determined by looking at his financials and looking at the balance sheet and doing a few little exercises that he actually had accounts receivable outstanding of $60,000 and so I said to him, Well, what would be easier, faster, higher certainty of success, more control,

Speaker 2  23:51
simpler, doubling sales or just collecting on the money that's owed to you?

Speaker 1  23:58
And in the end, he said, Well, I guess I could pick up the phone and call those people. I said, Okay, great. Do they hate you like is that why they haven't paid you? He said, No, no, they don't hate me. And I said, Oh, well, Have they forgotten about you? And I said, he said, Oh, maybe. I said, Well, why haven't they paid you yet? He just said, Oh, well, summer break hit. We got focused on our kids. They got focused on their kids, and now it's September, and we will just kind of never got around to it. I said, Okay, great. So, so what would you like to do about that? And he says, I think I'll give him a call. I said, I support that. So he gave his clients a call, and not in two weeks, like he thought it would happen, but in four weeks, it was a little slower than expected. But, goodness gracious, only four weeks to put an extra 50 grand in the bank, where it was going to take him two years to double sales, right? So that's what I mean by when we take a look at true progress, if we're if we're perpetually optimizing everything about our business to. Generate maximum, maximum revenue, we may be missing the stone simple ways to make true progress, including things like collect on money that's owed to us for goodness sakes, right? And How amazing would it be if we not only found a way to collect on that money to owe to us, but we then, like, through our executive assistant or through other means. We now had a way every single month to make sure that AR was being picked up every single month, rather than it being something that, like we just do, and we have a cash crunch, right? So this is what I mean by being focused on true progress. Now, again, I'm not here to say that sales don't matter and they make no difference, not at all. Of course, that's a part of the process, but we can't mistake it for true financial progress. So take a look at this list here. This is, this is what is celebrated non stop in entrepreneurship, revenue or sales. Six Figure launch seven figure business. How many clicks? What's your list size? How many followers do you have? How big is your staff? Oh yeah. You know, we're real big. We got 10 people on the team now, right? You know, we lead 100 on we have got 100 people on the team, office, square footage. Like, oh yeah. We really built it out. We even have a lunch room now. We've got a boardroom. It's really exciting. Like, you know, we're really making progress number of businesses you own? Like, when I hear, when I hear people introduces like, oh, yeah, they own seven businesses. In my head, I'm like, This person is either an absolute wizard and knows their numbers cold and has amazing management teams in place, and is it is truly elite, or they're absolutely not making any progress in any of them, and this is a total train wreck like I don't think number of businesses is a particularly intelligent way to measure success. Awards, right? 30, under 30 or Inc, 500 how many people showed up at my event? I've got a best selling book. How many Instagram followers I have YouTube subscribers and views? You know, wow. A million subscribers. I unfortunately, so fortunately, I know some great influencers. Unfortunately, too many influencers. We're talking people with like 10s of 1000s of followers on Instagram, are struggling financially, big time, and for all the fame and notoriety that they've got in terms of true business progress. Not a lot to show for it. Okay, I'm gonna quickly see here if I can pull up for you the Inc 500 I had a couple screenshots. Let me just see if I can pull this up for you. So, Inc, 500 This is literally a screenshot of their listings of the most successful companies in the world, right? And wouldn't you want to be the owner? Freer, 36,680% growth. Isn't that exciting? Or bare Matthias, 13,481% Wouldn't that just be so amazing to have your picture on the front of the Inc 500 list on the front of the magazine. You're at the words Gala. The confetti cannon goes off, the symphony plays, and you get to stroll across the stage as America's most successful entrepreneur.

Unknown Speaker  28:19
Wouldn't that be great. Well,

Speaker 1  28:21
here is the eligibility criteria for the Inc 500 you have to generated revenue any amount by March 31 it has to be at least 100 and $100,000 in revenue in 2016 you have to have generated at least $2 million in 2019 and be privately held for profit, based in the US and independent. Okay, so this is the 2020 awards. You have to have done this in the last three years. Okay? On top of that, on top of that,

Unknown Speaker  29:02
if your question is,

Speaker 1  29:04
well, great, how do we calculate that really, really, really, big number, and this is literally from the Inc 500 and yes, they they've now made it Inc 5000 that's just so that they can include more businesses in it, which means then they can sell more subscriptions and get more attention. Very smart marketing move. They just added a zero on the end of the 500 so that maybe next year it'll be the Inc 50,000 and after that'll be the Inc 500,000 that'll just really get everyone involved and excited to see their name in the press. Okay, so all that they do is 2016 revenue. Minus, I'm sorry, 2019 revenue minus 2016 revenue. So it's three years. So let's say it's 15 million in revenue minus 3 million in revenue is $12 million in growth of revenue, and then they just divide that by the base year to get the growth. Percentage. So 12 million divided by 3 million. So 12 million, which is the growth by the base year, equals 400% they do not care at all about profitability. They do not care about company equity. They do not care about cash in the bank. They don't they don't care at all. In fact, they go so far as to even have a question in their FAQ. My company's revenue declined in 2016 or 2017 does that disqualify my business or make it unwise to apply? Not necessarily. We look at the three year growth rate from 16 to 19 compared to that of other applicants amongst last year's 19 winners, year to year, declines are acceptable and even common. We will be comparing 2016 and 2019 using our definition of definition of revenue, companies who show lower revenue in 19 than 16 will be negative and automatically be disqualified. So if we do some quick thinking and figuring about that, we see, we see, literally, that a company could have in 2016 could have a million dollars in in revenue.

Unknown Speaker  31:23
And in 2019

Speaker 1  31:25
could have, let's say, $21 million in revenue. And in 2016 they could have a million dollars in expenses,

Unknown Speaker  31:39
zero profit.

Speaker 1  31:40
And in 2019, they could have $101 million in expenses and have net negative $80 million in profit. And in 17,

Unknown Speaker  31:57
they may have lost,

Unknown Speaker  32:00
you know, 10 million

Unknown Speaker  32:04
in 2018 they may have lost 10 million.

Speaker 1  32:08
And at the end of all of this being said and done, they now have loans, debts, promissory notes, all forms of debt instruments, their cash position is negative $100 million

Speaker 2  32:25
after three years. But wait, that's not how we calculate

Speaker 1  32:31
the Inc 5000 or the 500 list. All we do is we take top line revenue from year three, subtract it from top line revenue of year 120, $1 million minus $1 million I'm sorry if I missed a lot of zeros there 21 million. Minus 1 million equals $20 million in top line revenue growth. We divide 20 million by the base year, which is this number here we have 20,000% growth. 20,000% growth. If we take a look at the Inc 500 list,

Speaker 1  33:23
20,000% growth, I'm sure, if that's a little bit small, that would put us in fifth position, after lady boss and before per pay, 20,000% would make us the fifth not just fastest growing, but Inc 500 is so arrogantly gone ahead and called it the most successful company in America. I was, I was, I was even willing to give them the grace if they said fastest growing companies, because you might be able to say, Well, they didn't really say what they meant by fastest growing. Inc, 500 is most arrogantly gone ahead and said the most successful companies in America, and that, to me, is an embarrassment. On behalf of the Inc 500 awards, an absolute embarrassment, and they keep shoving this information down our throats and celebrating it left, right and center, and we as entrepreneurs who had no idea to look any differently, because we never had a course like, know your numbers and what are we all hooked up and addicted to? We're addicted to our vanity metrics, like revenue, like awards, like attendees, to book to our event, like was my book best selling? Like, how big was my last launch? And on and on and on and on. Jason, I see what you have to say that your name is Jason Hall, and you're recovering vanity metrics addict, aren't we? All Thank you, Jason. So this begs the question, what do we really, really, really need to be focused on? What do we need to be really focused on? Yeah, and Jason, yes. So we can get back to page five in just a moment, we need to get focused on true progress. Here's our true progress metrics, and this is on page seven of the workbook. There's only four numbers, four numbers and only four numbers, one, free cash, two, market value equity, three, lives impacted, and four, fulfillment, free cash, we'll talk about that soon. Market value equity, we'll talk about that soon, lives impacted. How many people am I helping out there, externally? Fulfillment is internal. How do I feel about what I'm doing? That's it. That's it. Everything else in in business and in finance and in numbers and all of it is just window dressing, or is just the is just the warm up act to the the true headliner of what we're going for, which is these four right here. Okay, so let's quickly, let's, let's have a quick conversation about what each of these is. I'm actually not going to go too much into lives impacted. I feel like that's not my expertise in terms of, like, you know, getting into the and it's not the scope of this course. I think we can all agree, though, without a dissertation about it, that lives impacted is like, how am I helping others? Just keep it simple. And so maybe, in a sense, it is my expertise, but just not, not to get into the humanitarian conversations of the world, okay, or the or the social aid conversations of the world. Fulfillment. Again, that's, you know, again. What did that one judge say about pornography one time, he said, I don't know how to define it. I just know it when I see it. And we'll leave that to be the kind of explanation we talk about fulfillment. It's like, you know, we may not know how to quantify it, but we know it when you feel it. So that leaves us with two items, free cash and market value, equity. So let's talk about free cash for a sec. Here.

Unknown Speaker  37:11
We take a look at free cash.

Speaker 1  37:15
It's a very, very different number than than just cash. Okay, so cash is the number when you go into your online banking and you just add up, what do I have in my checking accounts? What do I have in my savings that that's cash and and most entrepreneurs, my former self, included, will make business decision strictly by like, Is there money in the bank, right? If I've got it, I can spend it, or a variation of that, which is also my former self, well, if I've got the cash, and if I add that, or even if I don't have the cash, if I add up how much cash I've got with how much I've got available on my credit cards. If I smash those two numbers together, what does that give me? And if I've got it, then Perfect. Let's spend it right? Unfortunately, that doesn't work either. Okay? And this is why, if I've got a certain amount of cash, there's going to be a certain amount in there that I've got to hold on the sidelines, if you will, for payables, right? So let's say that you pay your employees once a month, if it's the 15th of the month, if we're halfway through the month, you've actually now used half a month of their services, and you now owe them half a month of payables, right? And if you go and spend the cash that you otherwise, you're going to have for them, for payables, then we're not gonna have any money at the end of the month, right? So we got to subtract out payables. We also have to subtract out any. This is a Tim franciscism Here, ultra short term debt, debt payments that we need to make, right? So what do I mean by ultra short term? So in the world of accounting, and you will see this on your financials, anything that's referred to as long term is one year or longer. Anything that's referred to as short term is is 30, I'm sorry, is one? Is one year or less. So that's long term and short term, I'm adding to the conversation to say ultra short term, and I'm going to say in the next 30 days, right? Anything in the next 30 days. So for example, your credit card, especially if it's like 19.99% interest rate, you probably want to be able to pay that off by the end of the month, or else you're going to get crucified financially, right? Also, ultra short term debt includes things like our unearned revenue, right? So unearned revenue, we got to subtract that out as well. I'm. Earned revenue. What's that unearned revenue is when we're handed money, we haven't supplied the service, though, or the product that that money is for. So I'll give you an example. Me and some friends here in Austin just recently were in the process of putting on a masquerade ball. How fun is that? Right? Masks and tuxedos and ball gowns and a gorgeous, gorgeous, kind of mansion type place. We were really excited about it. We sold around $10,000 with the tickets. Not bad for something. It's just for fun, I guess. I guess our version of fun is kind of like leveling up these days. But we'd sold around $10,000 of tickets. And because I'm I know, know your numbers and have that financial acumen, I had the wisdom to say to our organizing committee, which is three of us, I said, you guys, I don't want to spend any of this money. We need to put it on the sidelines. We got to put it in a different bank account called unearned revenue. So pause, hold that thought for everybody on today's call, I highly recommend that you open up a bank account called unearned revenue, and you park money in it. Okay. Now it could be that you have an exception in your business that you don't have unearned revenue, in which case maybe there isn't utility there. A lot of businesses do have unearned revenue. And if you do open up that extra bank account, taxes payable is another great bank account to be opening. We can get more into that later, if, if that's of interest to you guys. So let's, let's not get too far away from unearned revenue. So unearned revenue with the masquerade ball. So we've got, you know, I've got my business operating accounts and my general operating everyday cash coming and going, and then I got the separate account called unearned revenue. And lo and behold, this thing called the coronavirus hits. Coronavirus hits South by Southwest is canceled. $355 million of economic impact for the city of Austin, gone right? The NHL, the Yale, these sports leagues start shutting down, and now the government is coming down harder and harder appropriately. So say no gatherings of of 5000 people. And we're like, well, our masquerade ball only has 100 tickets. We're safe, right? And then after that, it's no gatherings bigger than 2500 people, and we're watching this around the world like then it's 1000 people, then it's 500 and at this point, we're already talking about just postponing the masquerade ball anyways, because even if we weren't legally required to, it's probably just a smart thing to do. And lo and behold, it gets all the way down to 50 people. Gatherings of 50 people or less must be canceled or are forbidden, and so, so at that point, me and the two organizers got together. He said, Well, it's, it's 100% certain now that we will be postponing this masquerade ball. Let's refund the tickets. Now, how much trouble and strife and stress and frustration Do you think it would have been for us if we would have had all that money just in general operating and we would have been spending it right? That would have been an awfully awkward conversation. And especially seeing as people come to the masquerade ball are, like, our friends, right? And so, like, if you're like, I'm sorry, you know, can't get you your money back for 60 days, or I don't, you know, sorry. Like, anyway, we could just, like, hold on to the money until the event actually happens in six months from now, or something. Or something like that, right? Like and those of you on the call know we have not set a date for six months from now, but theoretically speaking, so having that unearned revenue account allows you to avoid getting yourself into trouble if you're pre selling anything. Any perfect example that is, I offer something called board of advisors. So it's a year long program where I'm working with entrepreneurs, and we meet a few times a year, and we've got some sessions in between to help them stay on top of their level four, level five, thinking right to be an Executive leader. It's a $30,000 program, and people sometimes want to pay, get a little bit of a deal if they pay in full upfront. Does that mean now that I've got $27,000 that have come into my bank account, that I can just go to Disneyland and have one hell of a great time? Well, no, because that program is being delivered over 12 months. So then does that mean that I can't touch any of it until the end of the year when the full service is delivered. No, that's not true either. What I can do is I can take that $27,000 I can divide it over 12 months, and at the end put all $27,000 into unearned revenue, and at the end of each month, transfer 1000 transfer 112 of $27,000 into general operating because I've now earned it, and that's fair. Okay, so that's unearned revenue. I also so from from total cash, I need to take out payables. By the way, one of the biggest payables that a lot of people have is income tax, and so you can talk to your bookkeeper and. And or your accountant about getting an estimate of each month of what you think income tax is going to look like. You can hold that on the sidelines, ultra short term debt, unearned revenue. I can barely read my own writing here, unearned revenue. And there's one. Let me just flip over my notes here.

Unknown Speaker  45:23
Oops,

Unknown Speaker  45:24
type this correctly.

Speaker 1  45:32
Unearned revenue and deposits, right? I don't deal with that one that often, so it's kind of skipping my mind a little bit, deposits. So imagine you're a real estate investor and your real estate investor, and you are receiving deposits from your tenants, and you you probably shouldn't spend that. They may need to move out. You may need to refund them that deposit. It's not really your money right now, if you're not a real estate investor, you might still have deposits. So for example, if you're a consultant, if someone says, I'd like to work with you, I can't start this month, but I'll start next month. I'll still pay you the first 50% and just hold that as a deposit, right? Or if you're selling websites or something like that, that deposit. So now that you know, there can be a little bit of a gray zone between deposits and unearned revenue, but either way, whichever one it is, make sure you hold it to the sideline so that you're not spending money that's not yours. Yet, another really, really big one. This is actually, this is for all of us. Us that says committed costs. Take my word for it, committed costs. So a committed cost is anything that you've promised to buy, that could be with a handshake, that could be with a contract, yet you haven't actually had to send any money over yet? Okay, so let's say we're talking about that website. Let's say that I've I meet someone at a networking event. Let's say it's in Austin. It's the internet marketing party. I meet a web developer, and we shake hands. You say, Yep, you're definitely the one I'd like to hire you. Let's start on our website next month, it'll be $10,000 and I'll pay you 5000 up front and 5000 at the end of the project. So okay, we're we're excited. We're getting going now in my bank account, nothing's left yet. I would have to reduce my amount of cash available by $5,000 because I've committed to $5,000 going out the door right away, I would also want to know that that other $5,000 that's going to be a future payable, and so I'd want to make a note of that as well. And I will show you guys some spreadsheets of how you can track all this, and how your team can help you to track all this great so cash, minus committed costs, minus payables, including income tax, deposits, credit card debt, would be considered to be a very short term payable coming up right away, and then from there, unearned revenue. And only at the end of all of that, only at the end of all of that, do we now have something called free cash, if you are spending any of these dollars that are not free cash, you are rolling the dice. And sometimes, as entrepreneurs, we we end up in a situation where we do roll the dice. And I guess the best that I can say with that is the classic Warren Buffett three part test. Number one, what's the upside? Number two, what's the downside? Number three, can you handle the downside? So for example, in my business, if I had a line of credit that I hadn't used, let's say I've got a $20,000 line of credit, and I commit to that website, and

Unknown Speaker  49:05
I spend the $5,000

Speaker 1  49:10
and something goes wrong in my business, and I no longer have the $5,000 to give that web developer, and now I got to pay them or her. I can go to my line of credit and pull $5,000 from there, put it into cash, and then take it from cash and send it to the web developer, right? So that would be an example of how I can handle the downside, right. So at the end of the day, no matter what your appetite for risk or not, risk is, being clear on our cash position, specifically, our free cash position makes all the difference in the world to make clear decisions. Okay, so I see I've got like, 14 new messages. Let me just quickly look here.

Unknown Speaker  49:56
Okay,

Speaker 1  49:58
let me just see here. Okay, love for Jason, of course, love for Jason.

Unknown Speaker  50:08
And

Speaker 1  50:12
everyone's back with audio, okay, hopefully we didn't lose too much. Pablo unearned revenue. We have that all the time. Events, business events can get canceled for various reasons all the time. Yeah, even with the cancelation policy, it reserves a portion of it still risky to lose at any extent. Totally agree. This cash stuff is on page 10, and Deborah Reynolds has smoking good material. Awesome. Thank you, Deborah. Okay, great. So I'm going to address a couple questions here. Let me just zoom out. If you've got any other questions, pop them into the box there, or I can mute you. So Jason had a question earlier of can I cover what's on page? Jason? Has that been cleared up? Can you unmute yourself and just confirm that you are all good to go now,

Unknown Speaker  50:58
I was just wondering about page five. You never hope I think you talked about it.

Speaker 1  51:05
Okay, yeah, let's Okay, yep, I'll teach a couple minutes on this for sure. Yeah, great idea. Let's definitely do that before we do that. Any other questions on what we have covered so far before we go into Francis filament,

Unknown Speaker  51:22
going once, going twice.

Unknown Speaker  51:24
Jason, you were asking about page 10 unearned revenue.

Unknown Speaker  51:28
Yep, good cash versus free cash. Going once, going twice. Okay,

Speaker 1  51:39
okay, so we're going to talk Francis film, and then we're going to go to this right here, which is scratch balance sheet and and we'll also have a break in there, so if you guys can hang tight, like maybe, maybe 10 minutes, that should be enough for us to cover this. Okay, great, so Francis filming, and I'll make this bigger. I'll make this bigger. I think F control. F is full screen. No, it is not, all right. Is that big enough? Can someone unmute and just say yes, that's big enough. Yeah, Lauren's given thumbs up. Yep. Okay, great, yep, okay, good. Okay, fantastic. So the Francis filament. As entrepreneurs, we need to be able to, first of all, understand the five levels of 8020, which you guys now have a good foundational knowledge of. And if you look at the Francis filament, you'll see that at the bottom here, right here, and I didn't include level one. Level one is outside the scope of this. Course. We're not going to talk about morning routines, diet, exercise, mindset, meditation, visualization. We're not going to talk about that. That's just not this course. Talk to Brandon and Deb about it. You know the high performance coaches. Talk to someone like tan Pham from Asian efficiency, he knows all about personal productivity that level one is about, like, how do you show up? Like, what is all the prep that the athlete does before they step onto the field once we're on the field? That's my territory. Levels two through five. Let's talk about it. So level two, you can, you can, let me say this differently, what the Francis filling is, is a flow and a rhythm of how often we want to be thinking at different levels. Okay, this is just a broad place to start from, and you can certainly modify this to your specific business as you see fit. So if you think about it in the you always hear about it in the financial world, like from Wall Street New York quarterly earnings reports, right? You know what's our success in q1, q2, q3, q4, right? So that's why I've put on here, this white dot here, and then a white dot here. It's about 90 days apart that we're having, maybe the investor level conversation with ourself and or any mentors, any other advisors or board members that we've got approximately 90 days. And maybe it makes more sense to be every 120 days, three times a year, much more often than once a quarter, to do kind of like a maybe not a deep dive, but a medium dive is just going to be a little too frequent. And part of why I'm saying that is the level five thinking, one of the one of the qualities of level five thinking. Let me just flip over to the five levels of 8020, again. Here is there's oftentimes significantly longer lead time. For something to take effect at level five, investor. Whereas if we go all the way down to level one, level two, that's like, I can make a decision, I can take action, and I'm going to see the reaction right away. Like, if I eat the food, I'm going to get some energy. If I get the sleep the next day, I feel better, right? Level two skill is like, if I'm a barista at Starbucks, I can put in my energy and effort, make the coffee and hand it to someone within a minute, right? Whereas, if we're more like level three manager, we might, it might take us a week, maybe two weeks, to, like, line up some vendors and put together some project plans, and get the Trello board up and, you know, enter set up some communication systems if we're going to use Slack, for example. So the the way that we make our our contribution to the business, it is at a different level. It has more impact. It also just takes more time to really like kick in, right? Level four executive takes even longer, right? If we just in, the bigger the business, oftentimes, the longer it takes. If we say, Oh, we're going to launch a new product that might take six months to a year, right, depending on how big the business is. Now, if you're a solopreneur, you can launch a new product really quickly. You're really super nimble. You also don't have anywhere near as much leverage and probably not as much profitability. Let me take that back. We'll talk about profitability another time, and then certainly at level five, investor, if you're like, Whoa, whoa, whoa, I'm not just gonna launch new product. I'm gonna launch a new business entirely, and I might get investors, or I might need to raise money from banks, or I might need to gain some entirely like new knowledge of an of a market I might be investing in, right? So it's an even longer time frame that we're thinking about that we might like make our decision, our contribution now, and it might be a year before something actually happens, like anybody who's ever been involved with buying a involved with buying a business knows that that due diligence process is super long. Like, like Shark Tank in the US and dragons den in Canada makes it seem like someone stands up there for six and a half minutes makes a pitch and gets a handshake for $100,000 like, the truth is it's a two hour pitch that gets edited down to six minutes, and then from that, the handshake is not even a handshake. It's literally just a suggestion of interest. And of all my friends who've been on those shows, they're like, Oh yeah, it's like six months of due diligence, of like, open heart surgery after that, and I still don't know if I'm gonna get the deal or not, right? So, so that's, you know, that's you know, that's why is because at these different levels, it's just like the lead time that you need, and the amount of time that goes into taking action, and the amount of time after taking action is just way longer. So the Francis filament just shows us at what level do we need to be thinking. I called it the filament because it looks like a filament inside a light bulb. And when we take a look here, an investor, and even if it's just us, even for a solo printer, having an investor to an executive conversation any more than about 90 days, we're just getting in the way. It's kind of like telling a waitress or a waiter what you want to eat, and they haven't made it to the kitchen yet to place the order, and you say, Oh no, no, I want something else. And they get halfway to the to the host or to the stand to put the information in, and you say, Oh no, no, actually, I want all that stuff, but also bring me this other thing. Well, goodness gracious, if they never have time to actually go and do their job, we're just getting in the way. Right? So investor executive conversation every 90 days or so. The executive to manager conversation is like maybe every 30 days. So right here, right here, right here, right here, then from there, the manager to skill conversation is probably every seven days, right? So if we're leading a sprint, if we're using a productivity and project management strategy called Scrum. It's like, every seven to 14 days we're going to have a sprint, and then each month we're going to review our goals, and then at the end of each quarter, we're going to be looking at overall progress in the company. Now within skill, every single day, we might have a stand up, and we might just be saying to the other skill people or to the person leading us, we might be saying, like, you know, here's what I got done in the last day, here's my roadblocks and bottlenecks, and here's what I think I'm gonna get done the next day. So if you've ever studied Scrum, I actually became scrum certified a handful of years ago, learning how to like accelerated product development, whatnot. And so there's that, like, the skill people are meeting every single day, at least once a day, to make sure that they're on top of things and making progress and getting problems unstuck ASAP. Jason, does that make sense this whole flow of like, the different levels of thinking to kind of organize our overall efforts inside the business? Does that work for

Speaker 2  59:59
you? Yeah, I. Think I kind of already do this. I have a daily huddle with my executive, and I do, we do our weekly commitments meeting once a week, and then we do a monthly meeting to review our 30 day goals, and then we do our quarterly meetings. So this makes perfect sense to me. Awesome, fantastic, good stuff.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:18
Okay, any other questions before we keep on moving.

Speaker 2  1:00:28
Deb says, I love the visual. I do too. Thank you very much, Deb, and we've got our seven pillars in there. Yep. Thank you, Mark. Love the seven pillars. Most welcome. Most welcome. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:00:44
great. How are we doing? Can we take a quick poll? Do we need a break? It's been exactly one hour, yep. Okay, great. So we're gonna come back in 15 minutes, actually 14 minutes. Let's come back at 11:35am, central in 14 minutes. That's actually when I'm gonna start. So come back maybe in 12 minutes, or something like that. We'll see you at 11:35am, central to hit the ground. Running off we go. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai