Speaker 1  00:01
All right, welcome back. Everybody. I know for myself, I'm even feeling a little bit like, kind of, ooh, it's been like, pretty full bore today, and not a lot of, like, conversation and connection has just been a lot of, like, one way teaching. So I'd love to hear from maybe two or three people, what has been your biggest aha from today, so far,

Unknown Speaker  00:27
I'll share.

Speaker 2  00:29
I have to say that I was blown away at Peter being willing to share and being transparent. There's a lot of lot of things that he shared, that things that I've gone through. This is my 30th year in business, I've had really great highs and really great lows. So it was really eye opening. There's no question that it's intense, that there's an absolutely ton of content in this program. It's extremely valuable. And I have to say, bar none of all the programs I've taken, wow, Tim, this is really hits it out of the ballpark. It's

Speaker 1  01:10
awesome. Yeah, well, thank you. And I mean, I'm gonna guess you've done 30 years of professional education. So I'm, I'm like, I'm like, touch. Thank you. Thank you. Deborah, my pleasure. Thank you. Yes. Thank you all in curtsy. There we go. All right, awesome. Okay, who's next? I think Tim, my one of my biggest takeaways is like I have new clarity on how an executive assistant can help me with the financial piece. Hmm, so that's that's really insightful, cool, and for me, similar to what Deborah was saying it, this feels like the missing piece. And I've worked with a lot of coaches, like fitness marketing, I mean, you name it, but not financial. I have a profit first coach, which is interesting, and that's very different than this. And so this is like a kind of a missing piece, and it's like exactly what I needed. So I'm like, getting a little bit excited about the financials and stuff in a way that I never even thought I was always just avoiding it. So that's exciting, very cool. And I oftentimes get asked, Tim, how does know your numbers compare to profit first? And so I'm curious, Jason, in your opinion, what are some similarities or differences just one or two? Just one or two?

Unknown Speaker  02:35
I think Profit First

Speaker 1  02:39
is profit first for me, helped me get out of crisis. Like, it's like, let's just put it like, let's set up the envelope system for the business and not spend more. And just it's a simple mindset shift, that instead of expenses, you know, revenue minus minus expenses equals profit, that you have to set aside something for profit, and then make sure your expenses fit what's left over, so that that alone is, like, super helpful. And then they have you set up bank accounts. I think with this a couple missing pieces. One big missing piece is the unearned revenue that doesn't exist. They don't talk about then profit first. There's no concept of unearned revenue. And that that applies to pretty much I mean, I do coaching, we do websites that unearned revenue. If there's any sort of fulfillment or delivery whatsoever, unless you're just selling a product instantly, there's going to be unearned revenue. And so I think that concept alone is super helpful that's missing. And I think Profit First is basically like, let's just survive by the seat of our pants by looking at our bank account, and when money comes in, dispersing it into the right bank accounts, so that we can kind of live that way without doing what he calls Frankenstein accounting. I think what's different about this is this allows me to see, have visibility, to see where I can make changes. The blow thing, for example, is a big mindset shift to understand why expenses can eat so much from from the business, and why, like, $1 of expenses is not equal to $1 of revenue, right? And so it just takes things a level deeper to understand. And I think understand, like a lot of I think problem first is more mindset oriented, which can be helpful, and it's high level. This really gets into the nitty gritty of All right, let's make this all like let's help you understand financials so that financials themselves aren't scary or daunting, and you can start making some really good decision making. So I think I'm shifting now towards being able to make financial decisions for the future, rather than, okay, here's what's coming. In, what can I do with it and what am I allowed to spend or not? Right? Big difference. So, right, yeah, I think if someone just wants the absolute bare minimum, they don't want to spend any more than five or six hours on updating their financial habits or anything like that, I recommend they get Profit First, put it on 1.5x on their iPhone, and listen to it as fast as possible and open up a couple accounts. That is certainly a step up from doing nothing and being blind and like just kind of management by bank account by one bank account only. And I think, you know, it takes, it takes a level up of of of appetite, if you will, to spend three days, three full friggin days, and not $19 on an audiobook or whatever it is, but actually, like $1,000 right? And it takes someone who wants to master money at a whole different level to even want to sign up for a program and then after that, to now take action on it as well. Yeah, I think Mike Michalowicz done a great job of kind of like, kind of brain hacking our way through a back door so that you kind of don't blow yourself up. I don't know that, in my view, because I have read the book. I even looked into becoming a Profit First consultant. It just didn't have the kind of kind of financial knowledge, financial education piece of like, how do I even look at my real financials? Because we're in the real world, and we're playing with real money. So let's learn the real language, in a sense, and do things like forecasting and do things like analysis and do things like modeling to make CEO level decisions. One thing I will say, I love that my accountant is a Profit First, Certified Professional, and she has a mindset that's more entrepreneurial focused, and is more of an entrepreneur than the typical accountant that loves just crunching numbers, and really could probably work in anyone else's accounting business, and is not entrepreneurial. And so Mike McCall does attract, tend to attract the on the accountants that are a bit more

Unknown Speaker  07:20
what's the word

Speaker 1  07:22
future, forward in their thinking, creative, willing to do things a bit differently. And so my accountant gets into my base camp system, which we communicate with my team. She hops on Zoom, calls with me, you know, she'll put things on her share file for me, and she understands what I kind of go through as an accountant. And so I do like I think there's that benefit too, because I do still see the advantage of having an accountant, even good though I've done all of this right, and I'm sure you would concur, so, oh, 100% Yeah, by no means. Am I here saying that you don't need to count anymore. We all need accountants for the record, you know the hand on the Bible. Yes, we all need accountants. We just need this course helps you talk to your accountants. Perhaps it would, perhaps you'd be helpful for Mike, to Mike and I to chat, to see how we may build, to bounce ideas off each other. And maybe your accountant wants to come to come to narrow numbers as well, so your accountant can learn about this side. You know now that you're leveling yourself up again. So that's super interesting. Well, he said he's open to talking to you maybe in July. I think I might have hooked you up. We'll see you did. Yes. Thank you very much. I remember that. Yeah, he's on a book tour right now. Yeah, thank you, Jason. Okay, let's get one, maybe one, maybe two more. What's our biggest takeaways from today, our biggest impression so far? And we're not done, you guys, you still got and this is a part of why I'm like mixing up the energy a little bit here, because we have at least two more killer smoking sections, and we got to be on the edge of our seats and really make this thing hum. So let's get one more, one more reaction or insight. What was the biggest thing you've taken away from today

Speaker 3  09:02
so far, sir, is alanto. Hi, alanto, so yeah, one of the things that was really apparent with this, so I came in, like with the course, know your numbers, but it's really a decision making class, as I have experienced it, and kind of matching it with what Roger Hamilton has been doing, you're actually a perfect fit of like, like, really implementing, like, the aspect of like, the genius of what an accumulator can bring to the table, when it comes to all these ideas and all these like processes and creations, and actually utilize it to have something that it works, there's more. Numbers that you can rely on, and predictability that you can you can gain when it comes to the next steps or moving forward from like that, that framework. So I love how it's a fit when it comes to what I've been doing before.

Speaker 1  10:17
Amazing, awesome. Good stuff. Thank you, Lanto, good stuff. Awesome. Everybody. All right, well, let's, let's keep rolling here. I'm going to show you. This is also someone's question, which I'm so happy this question came up is, how do we analyze sales performance? Right? So what I've done is I grabbed a random 100 rows of data from my own sales CRM, and I'm gonna share my screen in three, two and one. Okay, great,

Unknown Speaker  10:49
so

Speaker 1  10:51
I guess I just grabbed a random 100 rows of sales transactions from my own. Whoops, back that up from my own CRM here. And the very first thing we need to do is, because, you know, because we want to do an analysis of products, we need to figure out, well, what are our products? And if I'm just in here, my raw data, there's, like, lots of different products, right? So if I look here, these are all you know, this is great assistant, done for you, Assistant, inner circle business consulting for $1,000 an hour. That's a couple hours of consulting on and on and on, people participating in board of advisors, right? $30,000 that kind of thing, right? So that, you know, it's just 100 rows of data transactions from 2019, so if I want to know how much did I sell of each this is you guys, honestly, how I used to do it. I used to get super like. I'd get super close to the screen. I'd be like, Okay, we sold an online course. Copy, Paste, okay. What else did we do? We had an inner circle membership, copy and paste, right? And this is, this is how I'd go about doing I'm like, okay, copy and paste, right? So I would like, chip away that way. And it would take absolutely hours and hours to to make this thing happen. So then after that, someone taught me, well, you can use the filter tool and you could do something. So let's just delete all that madness. You could just go here. We can go, let's just say we copy all that. I'm going to go paste. This is all the same info. I'm going to go here and I'm going to filter, right? Whoops. I'm going to select, and I'm going to filter, and it's going to show me right here the different all the different products. But it's a little small and you can't expand the window, but maybe what I'll do is I'm going to see if I can somehow copy that name right? And that was really slow, because I'd have to, like, make sure that I got all the letters just right, also very slow, right. I also tried conditional formatting, and there's a, there's actually a formula you can put in that says highlight the duplicates, right? And so then I tried going that way, and it was just like, Okay, this is better, but still not great. So a little while ago, I was just like, there's got to be a better way. And I discovered two things. So I'm actually gonna teach you two things at once here. Number one, when you're working in Excel or Google Sheets, there's a way to name different ranges of data. So this is all products. So I can come in here, I can go to data. I can go to named ranges here, and I can select this whole, this whole, whole, whole row d, and I can name it something. So I'm teaching you here, so let me just pop forward. Okay, so, whoops, I'm gonna go here. I mean, I'm going to call this row and I already did it, because I was getting ready to teach you guys, I'm going to call this row product. Why that matters? Because when I'm over here doing work on the next sheet, if I want to go, you know, equals something that I have to come over here and I'm going to click it, and I'm going to, you know, multiply that by something else, and it just ends up being super all kinds of madness. Raw data. Exclamation point d5 is, well, I'm going to go cross eyed here, whereas, if you actually name a range ahead of time, becomes a lot easier. So if I were to do here, and if I went equals, it notices that named range that I just called it, and it's giving me d1 of product. Okay, so this becomes super interesting, so I'm now going to say product name. This just me typing equals. A unique open brackets put in the name of my range here, and hallelujah. It just gave me all the unique names of that whole entire row of data, 1000s and 1000s of transactions, or even hundreds or even dozens of transactions. This is it. That is it in terms of all the different kinds of products that I've sold within the time that I that I pulled of data. Okay, so perfect. Now what if? What if I want to know how much I sold of each in terms of dollars? Well, I told you guys already about some ifs, so I'm going to go. So I'm sorry. Let me name another range here. So if I'm not mistaken, this is total paid. Yes, this is total paid. So we're going to do h is going to be paid. So I'm going to add a range paid, and that's going to be h to h done. So we now have a name. I'm going to come over here, so I'm going to go, and I'm going to stretch this out so we can get more of the name in there, total, right? And I can go, equals SUMIFS. Open this up SUMIFS. So I'm going to sum up that row of paid if

Unknown Speaker  16:19
product,

Speaker 1  16:22
matches what we see here, and I'm going to put some formatting on that, and I think this will work. It might end up being a little messy, but we'll find out. Nope, bingo. Done, that's how much I sold of each thing, just like that, done, I just saved you decades of your life, decades of your Life.

Unknown Speaker  16:53
Let that sink in.

Unknown Speaker  16:56
Let that sink in you.

Speaker 1  17:04
Hmm, so what if I now decide I can now add more to this, right? So because I got profit factory, I've got know your numbers, I've got great assistant. I've got different things in here, right? Know your numbers, right? Got a ticket sale in there. I can do different things. I could say, let's say that. Let's say that each of those had a salesperson, right? So then, from there, I could break it down further by salesperson. If I wanted to know how much is profit factory making compared to great assistant, then I could take a look at it, and it wouldn't be too hard. I know that this is profit factory. I know that this is great assistant. It's great assistant inner circle. I consider knowing your numbers to be inside of profit factory. I know that this is great assistant. It says GA right there. This is other I know this is business consulting. PF, I know that that's other. I know this is board of advisors, pF,

Unknown Speaker  18:12
pF, pF, other

Speaker 1  18:16
great assistant, signature training. That's great assistant. And then their numbers is, pF, right?

Unknown Speaker  18:23
So

Speaker 1  18:26
from here, I could simply say profit factor versus grade assistant,

Speaker 1  18:37
right? So I could say equals, some ifs. So we're going to sum up this range here, if this range here has PF in it, and here I'm going to go some ifs some this up here, if this range here has

Unknown Speaker  19:11
GA

Speaker 1  19:14
format, format, it looks like during those whatever 100 transactions The profit factory made 53 grand and great assistant made, Assistant made 100 done. If I wanted to do it by date range, I could now say, how much did profit factory make? So we could say, I'm kind of playing here now at this point, but company, so it's gonna be, you know, we could say profit factory versus great assistant. Yeah, let's actually do this great assistant. And we could say Jan 120, 19 to Jan 30. 120 19, Feb. 120, 19 to Feb, 28 2019 right. And then from there, I can just highlight both, grab the corner, and it gives me. It just does it for me. Now, cool that it finds the last day of the month. It noticed that these are last days, not just the 30th, 3030, 30, right? So then from there, you know, I could say, bring me all this, right? And so you can see how you can start combining this. And I can say, sum me up from this data, the things that are in this date range have this name, and tell me how much people paid. So any way you want to slice and dice, it's so fast. And people oftentimes say to me, Well, Tim, why would I bother with Google Sheets for my financials, when, in fact, I've already got QuickBooks. Well, because QuickBooks is really great at what is it does. It's not intended, though, to do like modeling and margin analysis, and it's not intended to do kind of bending some of the forecasting we're doing. It does have, actually, a cash flow forecast tool. It does have a budgeting tool. It does, it just doesn't have the flexibility and speed. Now, the only downside I find to Excel or sheets is, first of all, you have to know how to use the functions, but it's not that many FYI. And secondly is, there's the possibility for some human error, right? So for example, here, I said, Tell me everything that has PF in it. If I forgot to put the quotation marks around it, it's going to come back as zero, right? And, for example, if I accidentally put Pff, it would come back as zero. So you have to, you have to make sure that you get it exactly right. And you know that's, it's not the end of the world, right? You can just, you can do some data validation, like here. I'm sorry, data validation is up here, but if you want to double check your work, all I would have to do is just quickly go, okay, just a quick double check pF, pF, pF, and look down here in this Auto Sum in the bottom right corner, says 53, 271, lo and bold, it's the right number. Great. So then from there, if I wanted to now stretch this out to not just 100 lines of data, but 1000 lines of data. I know that it scales up and it's clean and it's good, okay, okay, good. So I think that this is about a good time to talk about per unit analysis, per unit analysis. So if I've got so so let's say I've got a lot going on in my business, and there's that classic story of the 8020 rule that 20% of my products make me 80% of my revenue, right? Or 20% of my sales people make me 20 80% of my profit, or something like that, right? So what I could start doing is I could start looking at actually, we could do an 8020, analysis right here. Let me just see I've actually this was, I wasn't intending to teach this, but let's see if I'm going off the script again. Guys, this is, this is dangerous. Let me see if I can make this happen. If I can, I'm gonna give myself a huge pat on the back here. I'm going to sort from highest to lowest. So data, sort from, I think it's Z to sort sheet by from Z to A, no, definitely a fail. Okay. Data, sort column, sort range by Z to A,

Unknown Speaker  23:48
also did not work, okay,

Speaker 4  23:50
if you read it. Tim, go ahead and highlight it all, all columns,

Speaker 5  23:54
but there you go. Sort range, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  24:01
from E, there you go, C to A. Well, that's weird, might because it's running off formulas.

Speaker 1  24:15
Did I do that wrong? Does somebody have a better Did I or is that did I do what we think we were supposed to do there, you know what? Yeah, go

Speaker 4  24:23
up from start, from c1 you want to do that, yeah? And go up to the funnel next to the little graph on the bar,

Speaker 6  24:32
yeah. Hit that the down arrow, yep, okay. Hit Create new filter, okay.

Speaker 4  24:42
And then click on the arrow with next to totals,

Speaker 6  24:45
right there, yep, okay,

Unknown Speaker  24:48
hit sort A to Z,

Speaker 1  24:53
okay, I want Z to A, but thank you. Thank you for guiding me. Appreciate that. Okay, great. Okay, so now that we have highest to lowest, the way you do an 8020 analysis is by actually going highest to lowest, and then just asking yourself when you hit 80% of total. So we know that the sum of all of this, oh boy, equals sum. It's under 52,007 67 Okay, and so then I know that this equals that.

Speaker 6  25:35
Actually, I gotta move this over. Hopefully don't break a bunch of stuff here.

Speaker 1  25:41
Okay, so 93,000 that's my aggregated total. So 93,000 the total so far is 93,000 93,000 plus 31 aggregated total equal that plus that equals that. If I just keep going, we should hit 152 Sure enough, by the time we add everything up, 152 matches 152 we're in the money. Okay, good. So now I can ask myself, what percentage is this of the total, right? So if I go, this equals this divided by that,

Speaker 6  26:19
and I turn it into a percentage. Oops, percentage.

Speaker 1  26:28
So I want to know, when do I hit 80% because once I hit 80% that means that I've I've hit my 8020 analysis. If I go here,

Speaker 6  26:38
my apologies. I need to fix this cell to e 16. There we go. Now that'll work.

Speaker 1  26:51
82% these two products, on their own, represent 82% of the revenue for the time period that we picked or the data that we picked. Okay, so that means that whatever effort I've put into all this other stuff, I can probably let it go. Now, the flip side argument of that is, how much time did I put into each of these? Well, uh, again, because I grabbed random data, I don't know exactly how much time I went, went to each of them, but the amount of time that I put into business consulting, that's fairly time intensive, right? Because it's just, it's, it's an hourly wage, and actually, strategically, I would still go ahead and do because I know it's $1,000 an hour. I don't spend any time on that, I don't spend any time on that, I don't spend any time on that. I don't spend any time on that. I didn't spend any time on that. I did spend a little time on that. I did spend some time on that. I spent a lot of time, in fact, on Nury numbers, although I clearly did not sell just $200 so now I'm going through I'm saying what's what was worth my time, right? And it's super revealing when you start doing things like an 8020 analysis to see, oh my god, like very few things are generating most of the revenue. Now, I think the responsible thing would be to go another step beyond this, and another way to the step to go is a way to go a step beyond this, is to say, is to do our per unit analysis. So, and let me just delete this out of here, my per unit analysis. So I'll just say this is my 8020 analysis, and you'll see, if we were to drag this down, we would get to 100% right. Okay, so that's on revenue, right? This is all revenue numbers. And actually, what I'm going to do now so that I I'm actually going to copy all of this, and by pasting it, I can paste just the values so it doesn't take the formulas that are underneath it. It's just like what the naked eye sees here. So I'm going to go Paste Special, paste values only. And so now you're gonna see, whereas this is like some ifs paid product, d5 you can see right here. Whoa, my numbers are way off here. What happened when I paste that. I don't think I've ever seen that happen before. Date. Yeah, okay, that's funky. So let's just back that up. Never mind what I would now want to do, what I would now want to do. And at bare minimum, I think I could probably grab just this row I'm going to copy and I'm going to come over here. This is just a test paste special and a paste values only good. It's got got just the names, great. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to now ask myself what kind of inputs financially had to go into done for you, Assistant? Right? So I happen to know, let me just, and I'm getting a little nervous I'm going to lose this. So let me just put go to a new sheet altogether. Okay, so if I know my product, those are all my products. And if I ask myself, what are my direct costs, I

Speaker 1  30:26
happen to know that's around $1,500 okay? And that's wages, and wages I pay my team. Me us paying for Colby tests and other assessment tools that entrepreneurs and assistants go through when we're matching them up. Okay? Board of Advisors. So I've got a decision here. I can charge myself an internal consulting rate, because my time is involved. For now, I'm not going to do that, although that that, you know, that's an important fork in the road when you're doing an analysis. Okay? So for now, I'm not going to include any my time board of advisors that takes me. We rent a room. I'm gonna say maybe $2,000 a year. It's more than that. I'm gonna say $5,000 a year, business consulting, just doing it over Skype, zero. Obviously, my time is worth something. I get it inner circle membership and builders club, so I pay, I probably pay. And actually, we don't know the time range, but let's just say this is for a, oh no, it's per unit. So per unit, okay, so let's say per unit or per month, because in some cases, we'll have to look at per month, great. So I know my inner circle, I pay about $250 in wages per month. So that's gonna be per month. This is per hour of consulting. Board of advisors. I pay $5,000 per year. And actually, per person, I would say it's less than that. It's, let's put about $1,000 per member, and then our done for this. This is per unit. This we do basically none of we do, none of that. Okay? This, I know that I pay $49 I think it is per unit. Our, know your numbers online, course, our cost to acquire a client for that is around $250 great. We did almost none of that as you saw this. This is a seat deposits, refundable. So that's not, doesn't apply. Video Course cost me zero to actually, no, no, no, there is, there is hosting fees. So that's probably about $5 per month for that particular course. Builders club, monthly zero and update credit card is irrelevant. So okay, great. So now how did I come up with this number, $1,500 per unit? I asked myself, and I asked my team, how many hours are you spending, matching an assistant, looking at Colby tests, reviewing job applications, interviewing entrepreneurs, spending time, spending time, spending time, right? And from there, I'm getting clarity on what the costs are. So if we're selling for 30 990-930-9999, it would be nice, but 3999 I know that I'm paying $500 in affiliate costs when, anytime a referral goes through. Off the top my head, I'm not sure what Eric gets paid as a salesperson, but salesperson, I don't know. I'll put 250 something like that. I got guys, I have no idea. Salesperson, I could go find out if I wanted to, but off the top my head, I don't, I don't know salesperson. And then from there I've got fulfillment, which I know is 1500 and so I know that my profit before tax on each grade assistant sale equals this minus that, minus that minus that equals around 1749, if my numbers here are accurate, which, except for the salesperson, number i is fairly accurate. Okay, great. So now you know so if we just look just at grade assistant, this is our I. Gross profit before tax, because it doesn't say anything about overhead. It doesn't say anything about paying the CEO, which is Tim Francis. It doesn't say anything about renting Infusionsoft. It doesn't say anything about renting any other software licenses or anything else. Gross gross profit, of course, before tax. Actually, I don't even have to put the before tax, because that's a given when it's gross profit, gross profit for just one sale of great assistant. Okay, so I've, I've now done a per unit analysis. What is the analysis to sell one unit? And I'll tell you guys that this has got to be. I don't know if it's number one, two or three, but this is one of the top three tools that I use when I go into a company and I'm looking for the hidden gold mine of opportunity, because people oftentimes sell a huge range of different things, and have no idea what actually generates profit. They're lucky if they even know what generates sales, right? So it's good to know sales, right? And that's what we were doing here. What's our sales? You know by now, by product now, once I have

Speaker 6  36:03
once I have this sense, I can say, okay, great. So if this is the gross profit on each one of these sales equals this divided by that

Unknown Speaker  36:17
43 44% right? So if I know that's 44% then I can come back over here

Unknown Speaker  36:28
and let me get that out of the way,

Speaker 1  36:34
and I can say for these random 100 transactions, let's say it was a month or something like that. Um, that, then my gross profit

Unknown Speaker  36:48
per product,

Speaker 1  36:52
we figured that out over here. Sorry, over here, we know great assistant is 44% that's how much gross profit I have. So I can come back over here, and I know great assistant, which is this right here. This is our internal code for it is 44% so I know that it's 44% so actually, technically, I should say gross margin. Margin is dollars, profit. I'm sorry, margin is percentages.

Speaker 6  37:25
Percentages and gross profit. Profit is dollars, margin is percentages.

Speaker 1  37:39
So for the period, remember, because we're pulling from this row of transactions, right? I figured out that in that period, I sold $93,000 of great assistant because of this analysis over here, shoot over here, I know that great assistant is 44% so I can pull that data back over here. I put it there. So that means of the $93,000 I can now multiply the total I sold of that product by my gross margin to give me my gross profit. So greatest sales, on its own, sold 41,000 $114 I'm sorry, produced $41,114 in in gross profit for me in that period, and if I go and do that exercise. Now, keep in mind, you don't have to do all exercises on all things like, for goodness sakes, this is $99 relative to $152,000 this is pretty insignificant. I already know that it's not a flagship product for me, right? In fact, I could probably argue it's not even worth digging into what all the like a Colby a test for us to sell those to people, no consult, is Denise going into the Colby website and sending it to them, right? So I could theoretically say, Well, I know that Colby test 759, is approximately. We sell them for 59 so, so how many did we sell? E divided by 59 so I know that we sold around 13 Colby tests. Okay, so 13 Colby tests. And if it takes Denise 10 minutes to do it, how many minutes is that right per test 50 you know our So, if I were to actually do it, if I were to actually come here, I would say, okay, a Colby test. Colby test, we generate $59 in revenue. We have to pay $49 to Colby to do it.

Unknown Speaker  39:40
Let me just add. So in essence, it's, uh, I

Speaker 1  39:45
don't know what to call it, hard costs. So we have to pay $49 to Colby to do it, and then my team, I have to pay Denise's wages, whatever 10 minutes is worth. I don't know is it $5 maybe? Okay, so that means my gross profit on a Colby test that minus that minus that equals, and I just went and fudged it all up, okay, equals that minus

Speaker 6  40:20
minus that, and this was 49

Speaker 1  40:26
so $5 and if we go, equals $5 divided by $59 equals 8%

Unknown Speaker  40:37
okay, So then I come back over here 8% and let's take a look at Colby chest. So 8%

Speaker 1  40:47
8% equals this times nope, yes, that times 8% equals so I made $61 in gross profit from that. So if I'm now starting to try to model out how much gross profit do I need to make to cover our overhead so our company can break even? Let's say, I know that. You know, if this is for a month, let's say and I've got $45,000 in overhead per month, then this gets me most of the way there. But I'm not all the way there. I'm going to lose money unless I start selling something else. In this case, I do have board of advisors. I do have some business consulting. So that pushes me over the top. Now we're profitable. You start getting into situations where you go, Oh my God, that one particular product, who knows? Maybe it's this one here is actually negative revenue, and you're actually better off. You just drop it, pause it, cancel it, renegotiate it, bundle it, something like that. Okay, so this is how we do a per unit analysis, and I'm telling you some of the top three tools that reveals gold mine after gold mine after gold mine. For me, when I'm going into companies and look at their financials, I at this point, you guys, if you remember, yesterday, I was talking about how, how often I was building the right ladder, leaning on the wrong wall and and because I didn't understand financials. Because of that, I more or less will not work with the client anymore unless I see their financials then and only then do I feel like I'm responsibly going and doing the right thing in the right direction for the right reasons, because I can see it in the numbers. So the step before you start going and doing pre unit analysis or anything else is actually just making sure that you've got that you know what you've got with your financials, that what, what what you're looking at, whether it's your own business or someone else's, is is that you need to make sure that you can set up the diamond for Diamond financials. You need to make sure that the date ranges match, or else you're looking at some totally inaccurate thing. It'll throw you away for a loop. And you also need to make sure the chart of accounts are accurate. If that's not accurate, then the rest of the analysis all falls to this to the wayside. So that's, that's one of my very, very, very first first, very first points is getting the documents, making sure they're correct. Denise helps me with that, obviously. And then if I have some questions about the Chart of Accounts, like, what is this? What is that? How are you counting this? How are you counting that? That's the next step. Okay, and yes, pre analysis. Okay, great. So I've got, I'm curious to know, I'm curious to know what, what's your reaction to what you're seeing here? And in a couple, in like, you know, two or three minutes, we're going to take our, our last break. So I'd love to hear from a couple people, maybe even a couple people that I haven't heard from a little while here. What is your reaction?

Unknown Speaker  43:54
On my end?

Speaker 3  43:55
I think it's a super amazing tool, for sure, and especially getting down to the granular, you know, what's working, what's not, and also it's, it just seems like, yeah, it's just, you gotta put the time into kind of figuring them out and make sure you have accurate data. But once that's done, it's, I think this is huge,

Speaker 1  44:19
Pete, you made me think of something. Thank you for saying that the way that you did.

Speaker 6  44:25
So I'm gonna share my screen here again, sharing the wrong screen. Let's share the right screen, okay? Sharing the right screen, all right. So once you've set this up, once your life is

Speaker 1  44:45
significantly easier, because all that you need to do is now just have your executive assistant download the latest transactions of the last month and just paste them to the bottom right. That's all that. And. Because all the thinking, remember, you're the surgeon in the room. Right strategy, high level skill, high level access. Once you've been involved with setting this up, your assistant can just add data to the bottom of the Raw Data tab, and everything automatically updates. That's it done. Magic. Auto magically is how Excel people talk about it, like, if we pull up, let me just see if I can pull up that. Do I still have it the payables, let me pull up payables. And let me just show you an example of like, literally. And so this applies to all the documents I'm showing you. Once it's set up, once your assistant gets to run this for you, and you're in a vastly, vastly like hopefully you guys can start seeing now how you can have an assistant, and, I'm sorry, how you can look at just a few documents and instantly have insight, right? Is because you've set up the architecture and someone else is updating it continuously for you. Okay? And presentation, and let's look at that payables again.

Unknown Speaker  46:08
Where did our payables go? Book value? Payables must be in here. Payables, yeah, did I update this one? Yes, okay,

Speaker 1  46:23
so if I now look shoot, it's not payables, it's unearned revenue that I want.

Unknown Speaker  46:30
Unearned Revenue. Unearned Revenue. Here we go.

Speaker 1  46:38
Okay, so I gave you the example of what happens if John Smith suddenly has to leave halfway through board of advisors and can no longer participate, right? So he and I would have that conversation if we agreed that it was of mutual benefit and we both felt good about the way that it was ending. And if you remember, we use the we use the little time machine here to say, By July 15, where did John Smith end up? Well, he's already we've already collected 30 from him. He's already paid 15 and and so we're negotiating the remaining 15. Maybe we say we'll split the remaining half and half. So that becomes 7500 right? So he's going to pay 70 we're going to keep 7500 going to keep 7500 we're going to give him back 7500 Okay, great. So we're going to come over here, and so first of all, the total amount, then would be 22 five so now my assistant is going to come in here. Is inch, and she might. There's any number of ways she could do it, but basically she could go

Speaker 6  47:44
John Smith at the bottom on July 16, let's say 2019

Unknown Speaker  47:57
on July 16. 2019 um, uh, we gave him cash back of I said 7500

Speaker 1  48:07
so negative. And actually, before I hit that, I want you guys to look at this. John Smith, zero, 1530

Unknown Speaker  48:18
John Smith,

Speaker 1  48:20
and we're in the cash. Okay? Cash collected. We're going to give them 7500

Unknown Speaker  48:27
back the dates 2020, right now on that.

Speaker 6  48:29
Thank you. Now, let's look at this. This date ranges only says one to 15, January to July 15, and this was on July 16, so let's just change the date. I'll go July 17, just to be absolutely certain, this just changed from 30 to 22 five, right?

Speaker 1  48:56
And we would also, at that point, adjust our earnings earned to say that it's fully earned now, right? So we didn't earn the last half. And probably what I would just say is John Smith, same thing. We're just going to say that his earnings earned is negative 7500 as well. And so now we can see over here for him, that

Unknown Speaker  49:29
earnings earned, I'm

Speaker 1  49:32
going quickly here, so I'm making some mistakes. But July 16, 2019, 2019, clients. Yeah, I made a mistake here. So, but the point is, is you can see how all your assistant has to do is just keep adding info to the bottom. And if that's one by one, because it's a small situation like this, so you can do one by one, or he can do one by one. If it's like big blocks of data, because it's the next month's worth of transactions, or it's the end of the week, or something, they can just paste in huge chunks of data out of your CRM. Them right into here, and all the spreadsheets coming off of that are going to update. So like when you guys were doing the exercise yesterday, and I told you I was able to check in on my business and know exactly where it was in 10 minutes, all I did is I went into my CEO HQ, I just clicked on the various pieces here and I knew exactly where everything was. It took me 10 minutes. Not bad when you're managing in the midst of a coronavirus pandemic. Oh, my God, okay, great. We're gonna take a break. We're gonna come back at let's do 532 and I have one more module, and then we're going to wrap up one more module and wrap up. And I really want to teach you this last module. It's really super powerful. It's our last module, and will be complete on our syllabus. So I'll see you back here in at 32 minutes after the hour. You.

Speaker 6  56:54
All right, all right, team, all right.

Speaker 1  57:00
I say it once more, I'll be Matthew McConaughey. All right, all right, all right. All right. So I am seeing Quinn is saying Double, double, triple, bonus time. That's 6x Oh, my goodness, that's amazing, Quinn. I'm so happy to hear it. Jason says, I need to do this. Yeah, man, I think a lot of entrepreneurs need to do it. You're in very good company. And alonto says, quadruple bonus time. That's amazing. Alan to so happy to hear it. And Alan to, I know it's your engineer brain that you've got the absolute wiring to be a super badass at this kind of thing. So that's super exciting. Okay, all right, so we've got, we've got one more module to cover. And I'm going to preface this just a little bit to say that this is simple to teach and it requires some pretty deep thinking, and I can't do that thinking for you, especially not right here, right now. Grant

Speaker 6  58:13
All right, let's fix that. Let's fix that. Thank you so much. You can see me now. Good, awesome. All right, thank you. So this next module,

Speaker 1  58:29
this next module is our is profoundly important, simple to understand conceptually, and is going to require you to do some, kind of deep thinking. It's similar to the painted pictures exercise. This is probably one that you'll want to do uninterrupted. I know it took me three hours one day. I turned my laptop off, I sat with pen and paper, and basically just like, held my face for like, an hour before I started to, like, really get things down and dialed in. So let me share this with you, sharing in three, two and one. So this is a Team Scoreboard. This is a part of your CEO HQ. What you can see here, this is a week number. We've got weeks 1234567, all the way to 13. That's the quarter. We've got dates right in here. So January 7, since the week of January 7, 1421, 28 on and on. This is a very, very close version of what my actual teams dashboard is. There's a couple of things a little bit different, but you can see that every week we're tracking new opt ins. How many people opt into the greatest system? Database, oh, yeah, right. This is specifically for great assistant. This is not the Profit Factor database. This is dashboard. This is for. A great assistant, and I'm gonna use the word scoreboard and dashboard interchangeably, okay, but so up here, this is marketing, and I handle that. Then we've got our salesperson, Eric, who you met earlier today, and so we're tracking the number of first calls that he has. So first call is when someone has their very first call with him. And sometimes people buy on the first call. Sometimes they need a second, third, fourth, fifth call. And so that would be the number of continuation calls. I don't know why the word is continuation. I heard it once in a sales training that sounded interesting. So we use it. Then we've got the number of actual programs closed in a given week. We've got the sales dollar volume that he's closed in a week. And then for because we do have a different price for if someone's buying a second, third or fourth or fifth or sixth assistant from us, currently, the record is someone has purchased six assistants from from us. So it's six different assistants for six different people in their organization. They have sought they have a great assistant as now their marketing assistant, as their sales assistant, as their membership assistant, as their operations assistant and an administrative assistant. So it's like, yeah, and this is like a $10 million plus company, right? And so they've hired us just over and over and over and over again. Then we got quarterly sales, just aggregated quarterly sales for the quarter. Then from there, Nancy, she reports on behalf of, we've got three people that do all the hiring and matching. So she's kind of the the the de facto, kind of leader of the three. And she reports on how many days between starting an entrepreneur in our program to when they're introduced to their first candidate. And then how many top caliber assistants do we have in our pool at any given time? What's our net promoter score? So that's a Customer Satisfaction Index. And then how, what percentage of our entrepreneurs and assistants are sticking together at the 90 day mark. And we actually also did a study just recently on our one year stick rate, which is actually exciting, is almost identical to our 90 day stick rate, meaning that, if so, if, if an entrepreneur joins our program and they get an assistant, and that assistant stays for 90 days, most likely that assistant staying longer than a year, which is really exciting, and why that's great for entrepreneur. Entrepreneurs is because that 90 day window is because we have a 90 day guarantee, and so if it doesn't work in the first 90 days, then we offer rematch at no charge. Jen is is our head of training, and so she's tracking how many days the assistants are taking from when they are approved as an assistant in our program until the day that they complete training and are ready to work with their Entrepreneur on the entrepreneur's training, of the entrepreneur's tools and onboarding and whatnot. This is a rating. How prepared do the assistants feel once they've complete training? How prepared on a scale of zero to 100 Do they feel to be working with an entrepreneur and then 45 days after their match with an entrepreneur, how satisfied are they with their with their with the training they received and how prepared they were and with the program in general? I've got another hat in the company. I'm the financial guy in the in the company, so I keep track of free cash. Now Denise helps me. She populates lot of the data. So and actually, guys, I don't, I don't input anything on this spreadsheet. I just show up to a meeting, and new opt ins is already populated by Denise strategic partners. Is in beta. We're still working that one out. But then, like, I don't put in free cash, I don't put an unearned revenue. I don't put an overall debt. It's just there. It's just there because Denise puts it there for me. So if we take a step back and we say, Okay, what's kind of like some of the, some of the principles here. So the principles, the principles are as follows. Let me pull up sketchbook here again. Let's get a new sketchbook. My parent brand is called profit factory. I believe that, you know, on a level, we could think about our business as a black box. Into that black box goes time, energy, money and what comes out of the other end is fulfillment for my teammates and for me, there's contribution that we make the big, wide world. And you guessed it, there's going to be free cash and there's also going to be market value equity, which are the four metrics that matter in business, right? And whatever goes on the inside might be a mystery to some people, and especially mystery to the outside world, but time, energy and money goes into one side to building this, this profit factory. This is my profit factory. I. And out comes these four things inside my profit factory, there's kind of like the CEO HQ at the top, where I'm watching everything that's going on. And there's going to be core functions inside of every single business, right at bare minimum, every business is going to have a way to acquire customers. There's going to be a way to fulfill for customers, acquire customers, fulfill for customers, and then there's going to be like the mothership, Mo ship, Mosh, okay, so traditionally, we would say we've got sales and marketing in here, we've got operations and or fulfillment, and then here we would have accounting, legal and some other administration. So in my profit factory, I have engine rooms, right? So this is an engine room, this is an engine room. This is an engine room, right? And inside each engine room I have different engines. And so in terms of profit, great assistant, we have an engine called Facebook ads, right? And that's how we get some that's how we generate some client acquisition. We've got stages that I speak on, right? Whether it's digital or physical. I've been on Jason's podcast, so thank you, and I've appeared on a few people's stages who are here today. So thank you. And then we also have partnerships, right? That's another way that we go. And then we have another engine called our sales presentation, right? And our discovery call process, right? So that's what Eric does, right? Is our is, is doing discovery calls to see if our programs are fit or not. So those are all engines, the engine room. Then from there, we've got other engines over here for fulfillment, right? One of them is like generating applicants, generating potential assistance. There's training the assistance, right? There's training the entrepreneurs, right? There's different different fulfillment pieces. Then over there, we've got some finance, we've got some legal right that keep the mothership running. When I So, not necessarily every one of these engine rooms, but the big chunks of these engine rooms, and these engines is what shows up here.

Speaker 6  1:07:25
And I'm asking myself, I'm asking myself, What three, what three to five numbers would have to be true

Speaker 1  1:07:37
that if the production team hit those numbers, I wouldn't need to micromanage, jump in, look too closely, and I'd be able to sleep easy at night. So I just said something real important. There. I gave you the format of the guiding principle of how you come up with your numbers for your dashboard, right? And I think there's something there around thinking about a gas pedal, a brake pedal, and customer satisfaction, because in pretty much every in every engine room, in every engine there's an element of wanting to go as fast as possible, because generally faster, it makes clients happier when things happen more quickly. However, we need to balance that against quality, and we need enough quality, and that usually means slowing down to make sure quality is done right. And so that's why we have this How fast can we make matches for Nancy, but we also have this trial period stick rate, so we make sure that matches are happening fast, however, they're also high quality matches. That's my gas pedal and my break. And if we are not creating raving fans, then this company does not grow. We don't get referrals. We don't get repeat purchases. It gets real, real real tough, and so that's why Net Promoter Score is right there. Now, Net Promoter Score actually is influenced by production. It's also influenced by sales. It's also it's influenced by everything. This is just where I strategically chose to put it. Okay, net promoter score could be a Tim metric easily, because it because everyone affects our ultimate customer satisfaction. This is just where it seemed to fit for me, and maybe someday I'll move it elsewhere. Okay, so for Eric, we also need. We need so customer satisfaction is already handled by net promoter. Score for him, you know, yes, gas pedal and break applies as well. This is maybe a little more traditional around selling like, how many first calls, how many closes and how many dollars? I decided to break down first calls to continuation calls because I wanted to see if Eric was doing a good job on the first calls to help answer everybody's question. Decisions to completion on the first call. And we've actually seen in the last quarter as Eric has just gotten better and better and better and better at understanding the product and the process and Sandler sales, which is the method that we use, he's actually gotten very good, significantly better and better with every quarter that goes by. And now we're seeing that his his percentage of continuation calls relative to first calls, is going down, which is really cool to see. He's getting better and better and better. That doesn't mean he's necessarily and I'm clear, because I can watch some of his recordings, that he's He's maintaining professionalism, and because I talk to every one of our customers at 60 days, I get to hear about how our clients were treated by Eric and by Nancy and by Jen and by everybody on the team. And Eric knows that, and Nancy knows that, and Kayla knows that, and Maria knows that. They all know I'm going to be talking to all of our customers. And so there's that nice check and balance. So basically, along the way, you're asking yourself, what are the three to five metrics in this case, looks like for marketing. Only had two at the moment, but what are the three to five metrics I would need to see from this engine room that that would allow me to sleep easy at night knowing that we're doing a good job. And as you go through, you're going to identify each of those, and each week on your weekly team, meeting with your team, you're going to have everybody report on that number so everyone can see it super, super powerful.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:38
Okay, so

Speaker 1  1:11:42
we could spend three hours on dashboards alone, dashboards and scorecards. What if this? What if that? What about this industry? What about that industry? We could really, really invest a lot of time into it. And the safe way that I think that we can handle this is to

Unknown Speaker  1:12:00
give you the guide. Guidelines, and then from there,

Speaker 1  1:12:08
let you know about some of the other resources to support you so that you can get this built. That's what I'd like to do. We've only got about 12 minutes left in the course, so I think let's go and do that. Okay, so first of all, and by the way, yes, if you are participating in CEO HQ, you will get one of these built. You'll get some guidance from me personally. We'll make sure this gets built for you. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:34
so let's take a look at a couple items here,

Speaker 1  1:12:39
as we're rounding the corner and coming into the final stretch here of the last 10 minutes or so. First of all, I'm going to personally stay past 6pm and I'm going to start just rapid fire answering the questions that were sent. And if you are needing to go, you can just watch the replay and just fast forward to the last little bit, and you'll be able to see that my answer to all the questions. So I'm going to stay past six myself to answer questions that could be about any of the content that we have here. Could be about the CEO HQ program, whatever it is it's on your mind, we can tackle that within reason. I can't stay forever, but I can definitely do my best. Okay, so what kind of support is available from you, moving for you, moving forward, this is the Know your numbers Facebook group. It is free to participate. It is only, only for people who've graduated from know your numbers. So if you jump in here and you've got a question about unearned revenue, the other people who are in here will be able to understand what you're saying, which is really, really nice. You're not dealing with general public anymore. You're dealing with graduates of know your numbers, I see you've got 13 people want to join this group. If you haven't joined yet or asked to join, please do go to this right here. Facebook.com, I put it in the group chat in three, two and one. Facebook.com, forward slash, groups. Forward slash, k, y, N, online, and we'll make sure you get added in Next up, the Know your numbers. Workshop. We're doing another one. The fee to attend is $995 it's going to be June 1, second and third. It's going to be live stream, not in person. It's it's only live stream. So kind of like the last three days have been that way. We've got no question about coronavirus or anything else moving forward. We just know it's going to be live stream, and all you got to do is click here to open up the sales page, and I got a fun update for you. I got a very fun Update

Speaker 6  1:14:47
In this box you can put a promo code. The promo code is cash is king. Okay, cash is king is the promo code that takes $500 Dollars off the ticket to take it down to 495,

Speaker 1  1:15:03
if you would like to re attend, you can re attend for 495, by putting cash is king in the box. If you would like to tell your friends about coming to know your know your numbers, June, 123, wherever they are in the world, they don't have to be in any particular city, state, province or country. You can send them to know your numbers live.com, I'm sorry, knowing numbers workshop.com, and give them the promo code. Cash is king. The promo code. I'm going to deactivate the promo code probably a month or four two to four weeks before the event. So if you're going to take action, I recommend that you invite friends earlier rather than later. Next up, next and by the way, thank you, Denise, for updating all this. Denise updated all this stuff while we were in session. So thank you again, Denise, next up, if you're looking to place your deposit, we've got eight minutes to get your deposit in for the CEO HQ accelerator program. And if you, if you get it in at 601 central in nine minutes, I'll still accept it. Okay. But by tonight, the bonuses go away. Right by the end of business, whenever I turn off my computer, the bonuses go away. Okay, next up Skyline dinner parties. Some of you have been to the skyline dinner party. The skyline dinner party happens in Austin, at my apartment. Literally in this apartment, the whole space gets flipped. It's a spectacular and sparkling experience. We get this unbelievable view of Lady Bird Lake downtown Austin, and it's a curated group of 10 people. So it's myself, my co host, tan, and eight new people each time we do the dinner party. And we would love to have you as an attendee at our skyline dinner party. Quickly scanning. I know Jason has been. I know Lauren has been. Lauren was at like Skyline dinner party number 002, or something like that. We've now done 44 and one of the very cool things with the skyline dinner party is, once you've attended, once you're now part of the alumni group, we've got a private, secret Facebook group for that, and it means you can come back to the first hour of all the subsequent Skyline dinners to meet the new alumni. So it's like, basically, we're doing curated networking for you. And all you got to do just keep showing up. You know you're going to keep meeting great people. I'm really excited for Jason, because he's newer to Austin, and he's like, I want to meet more great people. I'm like, dude, just keep coming to the skyline dinner party. Now, obviously, those are on hold at the moment because of coronavirus. Um, however, they are coming back. No question about that. So just send me an email. Tim at Timothy francis.com um, com, put that in chat box. Tim timothrans, calm and just say, please add me to Skyline dinner party wait list, because we do have a wait list to get in, and we'll work with you to get you in,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:14
next up,

Speaker 1  1:18:17
next up. And I'm going to ask that you maybe don't jump into doing this just yet, but in the original email we sent you, we had a feedback form, and I would sure appreciate it if you could complete this feedback form. Your answers are private. It's just Denise and I that see it, and it's just got a few simple questions, like name and email address. Overall, how'd you rate the workshop on a scale of zero to 10, I'd like you to recommend the workshop. What's the main reason for your score, and then a few other details in here, and then from there. If you're interested in other Profit Factor programs, you can put that in. Denise, you did a great job building this online forum. This looks awesome. This is far better than the bush league job I would have done. And what my version would have been like pink with like mismatched fonts. It would have been ugly. You can tell Denise has a fine eye for design. Thank you, Denise. It's on brand and everything. How killer is that

Speaker 7  1:19:09
a degree in design? Yeah, design so pretty much lucked out with me.

Speaker 1  1:19:17
I agree. I agree. Yes. Great assistant official, absolutely. And while we got Denise on the line, let's also just thank her once more for her amazing support behind the scenes. Thank you so much, Denise. Thank you so much. Yes, yes, there's, there's no way that I could do my strategy, high level skill, high level access. Being here today with you. If it weren't for Denise, it's just, that's just a matter of fact. So thank you, Denise. So what I'd like to do in the coming five minutes is, let's take our final five minutes here to complete the feedback form. I'll play some Jeopardy music in the background, and then after that, if you feel like sticking around past six o'clock, it's. Hear the after hours edition of Q and A with TF, then I'm happy to do that. Lauren's asking for the link to the feedback form if I put this in, let's see if it's going to work. I know I have special editing privileges, but maybe Lauren, do you want to click on that? And let's see if you can actually open it and answer the questions, does that work? Brandon, Lauren, yeah. Okay, good, awesome. Okay, great. So from now till 6pm four minutes, let's go ahead and do that. And then after hours Q, a session with TF kicks in.

Speaker 5  1:20:41
Actually. Tim that it might be giving us editing privileges.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:50
Okay, I can send a different link.

Speaker 1  1:20:58
Okay, so everyone, let's try this different instead. Oh, Denise, just put something in there. Let's give that a

Speaker 5  1:21:04
shot. There we go. That's it. That's it.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:09
Okay, good, awesome. Thank you. Thank You. Thank you. Thank you. You

Speaker 1  1:23:00
You You You okay, how we Doing? Team? We Almost there. I You

Speaker 1  1:24:43
okay, if you are good, please put in the box, complete. We're done. And if you need another minute or two, please just put two minutes or something, so I can get a sense of how close we are.

Speaker 6  1:25:03
Taryn Dunn Peter done, thank you. Alonto done, good applause.

Speaker 1  1:25:30
Okay, so as you're wrapping up, if you need to leave, then thank you from the bottom of my heart for giving the opportunity to be part of your success story, part of your journey. I sincerely hope that that moving forward with your new clarity, that you get to make, with new clarity, comes new decisions. I'm looking forward to hearing from you. I hope I hear from you often, to hear about all your great successes. Now that you're focused on running your business by the numbers and you have a whole new world of abilities at your fingertips, it Alan to your comment in about a minute and a half, I'll start Q and A we'll start with you. Alonto, you know when I go all the way back, when I go all the way back to before I got sick, I had a huge beating heart in a burning passion to want to live an extraordinary life, to know that, you know, if this is before I ever heard the quote, hell is meeting the man I could have been. I wrote a quote last night on on Instagram. I wrote it occurred to me, I think a lot of people look at entrepreneurs and say that we're crazy, like, dear entrepreneur, what are you doing, being way out on that limb, on the skinny branches, that's absolutely crazy, looking to stand for this and and I think we as entrepreneurs look to the person who says we're crazy for being on the limb, and we say, Yeah, but the view, the view like this view, can you believe it right? And not even to say, like other people should be on the limb with us, with the view, but just that, it's so exciting to look at the view. And I've, I've had that in my heart for a very long time, to have a dream, to have a hope, to have desire, to have passion to go make that happen, and just to see like the world is at our fingertips, the world is like in just full of infinite possibility. And I look at the path that I took to act on that passion, and unfortunately, it was I just it was misguided, right? I thought it was all about revenue. I thought it was all about winning awards. I thought it was all about those vanity metrics, which is just what I heard. And, you know, that's just what we all hear, right? So I can't be faulted. It was just really good learning, right? I'm okay with it now, at the time, I was pretty resentful, but I'm pretty good with it now. And I now look at how every single one of us is now equipped at a whole new level to have clear optics, clear clarity, generally into our business and specifically into the areas that matter most. And from the new clarity, just as Justin said, comes new decisions. I am so honored to have gotten to spend the last three days with you. Yes, you spent money to be here. You also spent three days of your life like God. If you've ever seen one of those huge wall calendars that has all the little squares, it's like if you live to being 85 days old, I'm sure 85 years old all the little days. If you've ever seen those calendars, it's pretty wild. And I it is not lost on me that you had to fill in three of those squares with being in know your numbers, with Tim Francis, that that is, that is bigger than then. And not to say the money is not important. It is. And I value, and I cherish the opportunity to receive your money, that the amount of your life force, that you've, you've, you've put into this is truly touching. I feel like this is, in a lot of ways, my life work. I think I know one day I'm going to write a book, probably also called, know your numbers, and you know, that's going to be my Rich Dad, Poor Dad, for entrepreneurs, because of the amount of love that I have for entrepreneurs. And I think back. I'm getting a little teary here. I just, you know, we heard the story about when Pete's business closed down. Pete's business made such a huge difference in my life, and when I couldn't walk, there was this one friend that just kept bugging me. He's like, Hey, man, I'm opening a CrossFit gym. You got to come. You got to come. You got I was like, no, no, no. On, like, just stop bugging me. I was like, one day, I'm like, Peter, if I just come to your damn gym once, whatever this new fangled CrossFit thing is, will you stop asking me? And he's like, he's like, yes, yes, yes, yeah, man, but just calm, just come. I'm like, Okay, fine. So I show up. Once I was healed and I was able to walk, I show up and I did one workout, and I did just one more workout after that, and just one more workout after that, and I kept doing just one more workout to the point that I am now here, nine or 10 years later, still doing CrossFit. And even though my CrossFit gym downs downtown, closed because of coronavirus, I I literally have like, rogue med balls and all the CrossFit things here so that I can keep it going. And in the community that Peter built as an entrepreneur with vision like, after Peter's business shut down, there was like multiple attempts from the members to reopen the gym against his wishes, there's people like offering to donate money or raise money or restart it like I have never in my life seen such a voracious community of people that were desperate to get this family up and running with its own gym again. And that's such a testament to Peter as an extraordinary human being and his business partner, and the love that you guys cultivated, right? And when you're and when Peter's business closed down, I was diving in to cup my hands around that flame, what had been previously a bonfire in their business. And, you know, I talked to like Pete, I actually lived together. And so I heard about the business every single day, every single week. Plus I was also a client of his going to his gym every single day and week and and to see it go away broke my heart. You know who I was sad for? I was not any, you know. I was kind of sad for myself. I was kind of sad for the clients, the person, the two guys that I needed to dive in and put my hands around to cup around that flame of inspiration. No matter how small that that flame of inspiration got, even if it was just a tiny little flicker of a pilot light, we had to keep it alive, because I knew it would come back, as long as it didn't get extinguished and and to and so to the extent that that's where I'm coming from, I know every single one of us has that flame, and at times in life, it's been turned down very, very, very dim, but it was still bright enough for you to still be here today, and maybe your flame has gotten big and small and big and small multiple times, okay, but we got to keep that bright, and that's why I talked about skill set, mindset, coaching, community, community right there to help us even in our moments of where, when our when our bonfire is now just a tiny little light. And you guys, right now in the world, there's a lot of entrepreneurs that they are just a very meek light right now because of what's happened with coronavirus. So I highly encourage each and every single one of you to be a leader in your community, and I'm going to especially focus in on the entrepreneur community, with whatever talents that you've got to help your fellow entrepreneur, if it's marketing skills, if it's design skills, if it's sales skills, if it's meditation skills, if anything you can do to help your fellow entrepreneur, I encourage you to do it. And if you think that I can help any communities that you know of by speaking for an hour or 45 minutes, or an hour and a half, something like that, to share the cash flow forecast tool with with audiences that you have, or if you want to rally together a group of 20 entrepreneurs, or 200 entrepreneurs, or maybe you have access to like a group training of like 2000 entrepreneurs, because you have some influence with a big group. By all means, I am, I am thrilled to do that at no charge, to speak to as many entrepreneurs as I can, to help them navigate this time, navigate the cash crunch, as the webinar did a couple Fridays ago. It was free. It was just an hour, sorry, an hour and a half, and I had messages outside of entrepreneur saying that they had tears of relief, knowing that there was a way to get through this tough time. So I can't teach the three day know your numbers, course, in 90 minutes, but I can give the bare minimum of what an entrepreneur would need to make it through this crunch. So to the extent that I can help your communities, please do please, please, please, do not hesitate. Please do message me and we can get that lined up. This is an absolutely critical time for us to be a community with one another. Please also take your new skills, right, and vision and clarity around numbers, into your businesses and into your communities, right? If there's an entrepreneur that's struggling, walk them through the cash flow forecast, right? Like, if you're just doing it, you know on a volunteer basis, you don't need to, like, license it from me, okay? Okay, make sure that you are helping an entrepreneur who is in need get through with the tools that you've got. So from the bottom my heart, I thank you for your time, your attention, your talent, your energy. I can't wait to see what happens for you in the coming days, weeks, months and years, and every single one of you has a special place in my heart now. Thank you for your time.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:27
Yay, Tim,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:31
thank you.

Speaker 6  1:35:33
Yeah, that was awesome, brother. Thank you. Thank you as well. Thanks brother. Appreciate it. Thank you. You're welcome. You're welcome, every single one of You're welcome. Thanks. Tim, that was awesome. Most welcome. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:35:50
All right, so line system more than the live event. Tim, Oh, you do well, good. You'll have another opportunity on June, 1, second and third. If you want to come do it all over

Speaker 6  1:36:02
again, I everyone. It was so nice to meet you. Thank you. Taryn, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Brandon, yes, all right. Well,

Speaker 8  1:36:13
actually, I have a quick question for you. You were mentioning about you were gonna do some some trainings and record it for us for Excel and stuff. Or did I hear it right? Or was that already created in our in our membership area?

Speaker 1  1:36:27
It's already created, and it's already in the members area. Oh, okay, yeah, the data validation video isn't there, but the SUMIFS, the count ifs there's a lot of them that are already up there. Yeah, good. Okay, so we're now. We're now officially, oh, Alan, we're down after hours. Alan to if you got to go, you can go. Or if you want to ask your question, now you can go for it.

Speaker 3  1:36:48
Yeah, I just wanted to double check if I made like the top five when it comes to the signing up for CEO HQ, because I had an Amex.

Speaker 1  1:37:01
Okay, yeah, and you, and you did. You did speak up yesterday. I know you're one of the people that messaged me right away, so I know that you wanted to be at the very front of the line to take advantage of that. And so alonto, I understand that structurally, behind the scenes, us, it was, it was on us that we were a little slow because we weren't able to process your Amex as fast, and so I'll take that one as our responsibility, and whether you were the first or second one, like when you put your hand up, or whether you are the sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, 10th, person or whatever, I'll still honor the fact that you did take action quickly, and we'll make sure you

Speaker 3  1:37:36
get all the bonuses. Okay, awesome. Thanks a lot again, brother. Thank

Speaker 1  1:37:41
you so much. Thank you so much. Okay, awesome. So let's see here. We've got a series of questions here, and I am going to fly through. Is there anybody that like needs to go in five minutes, and you need me to answer your question in the next five minutes? Going once? Going twice? No, okay, all right, okay, so I've been working on your questions since last night. Here we go. Okay, questions, Chris, top three people I've studied, I've answered that, books I recommend, and I've studied covered that, Chris, you've talked about getting good optics on a business answers fast from the numbers. Use the financials. Use the dashboard you're going to create, and use the entrepreneur accounting tools we've trained you with today. Use the HQ tools, and honestly, man, it'll take you a couple minutes to kind of get used to the tools, like where a number is located, and obviously a few minutes, and maybe even a few hours to get them set up. But once they're there, oh man, yeah, like, you'll just click, click, click, click, you're like, oh, Bing, there we go. It's really, really, yeah, I love it. I love it too. Yep, I almost said I love you, I guess I do. There you go. Brother to brother.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:55
I love you, bro.

Speaker 1  1:38:56
Yeah, feel it. It's because we're brothers in the Commonwealth, right? Yeah, there you go. Yeah, me being Canadian. Okay, you asked Chris Yes. Questions. How do I find gold mine potentials other may miss, Oh, dude, oh, you're gonna find so many gold mine opportunities that others miss. So trends again, huge opportunity per unit analysis, huge opportunity. Big time. X marks the spot on the treasure map. Also noticing gaps in market versus book value. If you depending if you're like, looking at a lot of businesses that you might want to buy, and that becomes easier if you're actually, like, regularly looking at a few industries, then you kind of get a sense of what are the trends per unit and market value of different businesses within a same industry, if that makes sense. Something else too we didn't talk about this too much, and it's actually kind of related to it is actually benchmarking, something we didn't talk about in know your numbers, but benchmarking is simply the idea of. Knowing, and I'm going to answer question while I look for a book for you benchmarking, is the idea of looking for a is looking at the performance of a company against the industry average. So it can be a little tough to get the industry average. And I do not purport to be an expert at this. I'm simply going and actually, I haven't bought a business myself before, full disclosure. I mean, everything I've taught you, I've done myself so far. And so I just want the disclosure on this one point that I haven't bought a business before. I have been around businesses as it being sold, and seen some horror shows there and, you know, and also some successful situations, which is really great, in benchmarking, you can get it from a few different places. So sometimes, if you work with an accountant who does a lot of work in an industry, they can say, you know, hey, I've got 100 clients who all have E commerce stores, for example. And because of that, I know that it's typical that ads are X percent budget of revenue. Another place you can go is you can get a book like this. I would actually recommend get the Online Edition. I bought the print edition. I just wanted to see what it was like. So this is from business broker press. Keith actually told me about this. And so this is the, well, this is the, it's getting a little old now. This is the 2016 Business Reference Guide. It's the Essential Guide to pricing businesses and franchises. And literally, Chris, it's, it's like this little diction dictionary, and, and, and I'm just gonna flip so if you if you want to know the rules of thumb for a parking lots and garages business, then, then rules of thumb in some cities, parking lots and garages have been selling for 1.5 times their annual net before taxes, plus the value fixtures, equipment and inventory cost, plus real estate benchmark data, I feel like, Oh, if I can get my little document camera to show that, this would be a really cool way to show this to you guys. It's, it's a little hit and miss. Sometimes it didn't pose any problems to us

Unknown Speaker  1:42:19
this time around, but

Speaker 1  1:42:22
it may not turn on again properly. Let me just see if I can get it to work. Turning it on, turning it on. This is, this is the kind of scrambling and setup that normally happens during the breaks that you guys don't end up seeing. But let's see if I can make this work. Hopefully, hopefully, fingers crossed. Unfortunately, it is not well, let's try. Let's try again.

Speaker 6  1:42:52
Shoot, okay, well, okay, let's I wonder if I can hold this up, if that would

Speaker 1  1:43:04
Okay. So can you see this? I feel like this is really small, yeah, yep. Okay, so basically, just has all this data on industry benchmarks. Okay, so I'll read some of it to you. In the United States, there's 18,663 parking lots and garages. In the United States, the average profit margin is 20.8% which that's pretty hella good. 20.8% is is quite strong. The average revenue per employee is $70,600 the average number of employees at a garage is or a parking lot is 7.8 employees. The average wage per employee is $19,213 and it just goes on and on and on and on. Industry costs profit is usually around 20.8 wages usually runs you about 27.1% marketing is usually point 8% Yeah. I mean, how many parking garages Do you see have an advertising budget? No, no, no, no, no. They just put their friggin like sign. That's like, $56 a day. That's their advertising. How, how compelling is that? Right? And then from there, it has recommendations. When you're looking to value the business, whether it's the buyer to sell. So it would be things like so one, one of the bullet points here is factors driving parking demand. Parking demand is a function of a number of factors, all working intended to affect demand and usage. When looking at macro, economic, demographic, employment and industry statistics, we see a picture of patterns that influence parking demand in North America, one population, and then it has some information to employment in the US. 92% employment provides sustained parking demand, right? Number three baby boomers, for colleges, universities, five minutes. So it's just like, it's unbelievable. The data that's available publicly, super, super good. And I mean, if you want dental offices, if you want McDo. Ronald's franchises, if you want Dunkin Donuts, if you want golf driving ranges and Family Fun centers, if you want picture framing, if you want restaurants with limited service, self storage units. Like it's unbelievable. It's like not every possible business is in here, but a huge percentage of businesses, and I would say particularly brick and mortar businesses are in there. Okay, okay, so that'll that'll be a great resource how to identify theft. Chris, you're wondering about how to identify theft. Watching dividends and watching the equity section on the balance sheet is usually pretty helpful, as well as in on the statement of cash flows in under FCF, that's one source of theft. And I'm not saying I'm a full expert on all the sources of theft. You're gonna give you a few. I had noticed. And sometimes when dividends happen, especially in businesses that are into the multi million dollars, it's it. There's gonna be, like, multiple lines of like, you know, distribution to Shareholder A, distribution shareholder B, distribution to shareholder C, or to a subsidiary company or something like that, right? And, and I noticed that, in one of the cases where I found theft, I noticed that the distribution amount to one of the the the entities was significantly smaller than the other. And when I compared it to the the wages, the executive wages that each was getting, the wages were 5050, but the distribution in dividends was not and so that had me asked the question, like, are you aware that the dividends are so like, 2575 and the the the board member I was talking to, she was like, Well, no, what are you talking about? And I circled it. I was like, Are you sure that that's right? And she said, Well, that seems kind of funny. And so she called her accountant, bookkeeper. They said, Oh yeah, that's that's accurate. And so then after that, she called her partner, and was just like, you know this, this looks a little funny. And that's when he confessed. So that's one opportunity also spikes and expenses, right? So if all of a sudden travel really seems to go up in and we can't explain why, right? Or if the miscellaneous category suddenly gets big and we don't know why, the good old miscellaneous category, right? When we see spikes like that, we can ask ourselves, what's going on? And that's another X marks the spot. And it could be that prices went up, or it could be that someone is abusing the system. What is actually a fairly, you know, in cases of theft, what can actually be a fairly high source of theft, believe it or not, is actually executive assistant and bookkeepers, if there, if they're if there's no checks and balances right on their work, because they see the accounts, and in some cases, control the accounts, they can be making transfers in and out of the account. And if they know enough of the right things to say they can, you know the the payroll administrator or the controller, like whoever's controlling the money might be an executive assistant can say, oh, yeah, don't worry about that. Already talked to the CEO. They said it's fine, right? So I don't turn over like Denise has read access, but she doesn't have transfer access. If she did have transfer access for money, then I would put caps on it, and as it is, she does have access to my credit card. However, I review the statements each month and I'm able to still have that check and balance. There's a really famous prison study that produced something called the Panopticon theory. And the Panopticon theory talks about, so there's a prison, and if you imagine, there's, like, you know, four floors of just gel cell, jealous, all jail cell, gel cell gel saw for like, four floors. And it wasn't just one wall. It was actually a U shaped so there's this U shape of like four floors. There's like 200 cells or something like that, in this U shape. And in the middle, it was like, almost like a little mini airport control tower that was in the middle that could see into all the cells. Now the problem in that prison is there is a ton of crime happening in the prison. So assaults, theft, drug dealing. I think that was the three main categories and and they couldn't think how they could possibly get this rate of in prison crime to go down right. They tried putting people in solitary confinement. That sucked for those individuals for a little while, but sure enough, you know, it didn't really do anything to reduce it. They tried a wide range of strategies. Nothing really brought recidivism in prison. Recidivism down until someone got the bright idea. Why don't we just convert the little airport control tower in the middle of the of the yard of the U shape, where we could see all this, not the yard, but inside, where we could see all the cells. Let's convert the glass from Two Way glass to one way glass. And so what that meant is now the guards could see out to the cells, but none of the prisoners could see into the little tower anymore. And because the prisoners couldn't tell when they were being watched, they had to assume all the time that they were being watched, and because there was always that threat, suddenly their behavior miraculously improved. So that's called the Panopticon effect, or the Panopticon theory. A similar instance was, this is years and years and years ago, a client of mine owned a bunch of apartment buildings, and there's a bunch of drug dealing going on in the apartment buildings, and he just couldn't figure out how to curb it. He went to the dollar store. The Dollar Store, he bought fake security cameras that were just plastic with no electronics in them. Installed them in the corner of the hallways and above each of the doors going into the the main doors going in and out of the building. That's all that he did. It cost him $8.16 screws and one hour of his handyman's time the next the next day after he installed them, there was four units that were suddenly vacant, like midnight, move like four. Four tenants literally just packed up all their stuff and got out of dodge in a heartbeat

Unknown Speaker  1:51:53
over plastic cameras, okay,

Speaker 1  1:51:57
and his in his cry and his the rate of police officers coming to the building, the rate of complaints coming from tenants about drugs being in the building all plummeted. So that's the pen that's the Panopticon theory. So that's where we have checks and balances. Theft also happens because people inflate their hours, right? If it's an hourly situation, people can also invent fake clients and say that they sold to and then, therefore the salesperson is getting commissions that are fake, right? That never really happened. I mean, the list of ways that humans go about trying to screw each other is truly phenomenal, like it is limitless. It knows no bounds, and is truly phenomenal. And that's not a misanthropic comment, okay, but it is just dazzling the ways that this can happen. So I can't give you any clear you know, just do this type situation. I would say that a very strong principle is to have checks and balances where money reporting and money exchanging hands happens, right? So, you know, if someone is submitting their hours to me, then I have them, you know, just have a start stop timer. I don't I don't need screenshots. I don't need to be looking over their shoulder, but I do want a Start Stop timer. If it's an hourly person, like a contractor, a salesperson has to outline all the names of the people that they sold to, so that I can double check if I want to, and I do, I talk to every one of our clients and my sales people and my whole team knows that. Okay, okay, so that's just a very quick flow through. Let me just see here. Jason says yes, teammate or team member, padding their time and getting little results. Got it Jason caught a team member giving themselves a pay raise. That's creative and Jason says, contractors use Upwork or hub staff, it shows percentage of time of keyboard most screen captures. Yeah, you can do that too. My view, I think this is an important balancing comment is, and I thought Tim Ferriss had a really great quote. He said, he said, If you want the big things to go well, you have to be okay with some of the small things not going so well. And and I in candidly, there are just times, even in my own business, where I'm just like, I'm not gonna look. I'm just, I'm just not gonna look. I'm not I'm just, I'm just not gonna look, because if I see it, I'm gonna have to do something about it. It's not often, and I know Denise is still listening. She's on the call. Okay, so being totally honest, there's Okay. Occasionally moments where I'm just like, this has to be a small thing that has to be okay with being a little less than perfect, or maybe, yeah, because I just need to keep on the big picture here. Okay, Chris, I threw a lot at you. Are we good to move on?

Speaker 4  1:55:17
Yeah, that was good. Appreciate it really. Good. Thank you very much. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:55:21
thank you. Now, Chris, I have a quick question for you. Are you fully Australian, or do you have some South African in you? No? Fully Australian, fully Australian. Okay, I did know I was detecting just a little bit of a praetorian accent. So I'm, I'm, I'm thank you for clearing it

Speaker 4  1:55:36
up. It now it can't a lot of people say that, that I'm not full Australian, but it's just the amount of travel that I do around the world. Probably, if you add it all up, I probably lived in America for six years. I've actually spent and then I'm also in Asia too, probably around seven years. So it's the Australian accent is very harsh, but mine has more rounded edges, I think,

Speaker 1  1:56:03
yeah, I was gonna say, when you said America, it almost had a British a on the end of it, which is very cool, dude. I love your accent. It's super fun. Thanks very much. Thank you. I know my I have an accent too. I have a Canadian accent. And for some reason, I think Aussie and British accents tend to get more attention than and there's a little more at James Bond ishness to them, then then the Canadian accent. So it's funny,

Speaker 4  1:56:31
because when I travel, and then when I like, especially when I'm away for maybe 18 months, and I come back to Australia, the Australian accent sounds really harsh. I'm a the Canadian accident. I think it's great. And then second to that America, but yeah, the Australian ones. Very harsh,

Speaker 7  1:56:49
very cool, very cool to know about my Boston British.

Speaker 1  1:56:59
Yeah, yeah, wait when Denise and I have been working particularly hard on a given week, and, you know, we're both little sleep deprived, I say a a little more often. And Denise's Bostonian comes a little bit more to which is, which is super fun. Cool. There's a wicked cool that's awesome. Okay, good stuff. Next questions are coming in from Brandon Jones. Brandon had to go, so I'll maybe be a little briefer. He might be watching the recording. Brandon was asking about valuing his business in order to raise investment. Brandon what I the short version of that is, I would talk to maybe VCs and ask them what they want to see. I would ask to see. I would ask to see if you could even get because there's literally consultants who help put together pitches. So I would get professionals who I've raised money only a handful of times. And I feel like it's kind of a little outside of the scope of this course. Now, what I'd also say is what you learned in this course definitely supports what bankers and VCs and angels and friends and family may want to see, including up to date financials and being able to ask you questions and you can answer them cold. If someone says, you know how much profit you think you'll make next year, you could even see could even say, I'd love to give you that answer, do you mean gross profit or net profit, right? And at that point, you just have all just your ability to speak the language has gone through the roof automated tools or software to streamline bookkeeping. So bookkeeping these days has gotten a huge boost in probably the last five, six years, and it's constantly getting stronger. There's pretty much all the major software's integrate directly to your banking right to pull to pull data. I still find that there's a lot of that that still produces a lot of errors. My bookkeeper in Canada actually to this, you know, still feels that manual entry is going to be just as once you take into account all the correcting time you have to spend to dig things out of QuickBooks and move them around, you end up kind of at a net, net equal. So I know what's coming in the bookkeeping in industry is massive, massive. There's massive interest around AI that AI is coming along. I'm going to do wonders for a lot of the bookkeeping software. Now, when I say manual entry, I don't necessarily mean pushing, like, 789, dot, 00, I mean, you know, a lot of bookkeepers are taking data and having it automatically import from banks, and then the manual part is manually categorizing the transactions and and you know, there's some repeating transactions that they can just put on an automatic but there's still a fair bit of book. Keeper intervention that's required. Okay, Brandon, do I need a CFO or a bookkeeper? Brandon, I would say so. I only know a bit about Brandon, Brandon situation with what they're doing with the good society. My instinct is that you definitely don't need a full time CFO you might need a like a consultant who has CFO style skills to help you ask you some compelling questions about what you're launching and what you're growing, or what you're building, and maybe even think about getting a mentor who is strong with financials and CFO style skills, because that will give you the tip of the spear that you need to be able to then go and make the decisions that you need to make. Do you need a bookkeeper? I would say absolutely yes. I would have a bookkeeper, and I get to know them, and I'd make sure that they were thinking in terms of entrepreneurial accounting, maybe even consider sending them through, know your numbers. I've had that happen before, and actually on the Know your numbers, workshop.com, website where you bought tickets for this event. Watch the video testimonial. There's a guy named Greg, I believe he's this first or second testimonial. He literally is a career like 40 year 3040, year, bookkeeper and controller. And He came to know your numbers, and he was like, I've never seen this bridge before between entrepreneurs and accountants. This is amazing. So I really recommend you guys. And I get I also got everyone's recommendation. I got to go create the, know your numbers certified, certification for accountants and bookkeepers. You bet I'll get on it. I don't know when it's going to be done, but you bet guys, I'll definitely go take care of that, because I know that that would be such an easy button, that would be so nice. Imagine if you could just hit an easy button. I want an assistant, and I want them to be already trained in know your numbers. I want a bookkeeper who's certified by know your numbers, and I want an account in the certified bookbiner. How killer would that be? If you're if you could get an assistant, or your current assistant could get some training where they just absolutely have, you know, they already know what payable spreadsheet is and how to use it. They know to export, you know, financials out of your QuickBooks and put it in your all of it. I love all that. You guys will definitely make it happen, not a matter of if, just a matter of when. Great. Jason says, write the book first. What do you mean, Jason, what do you mean by write the book first?

Unknown Speaker  2:02:26
Oh, you're muted.

Speaker 1  2:02:29
I was just saying that's how Mike mccalluts did it. He wrote Profit First, first, and he was able to get a bunch of people to do certifications. And that's great. That's cool. I could say it'd be a great lead magnet of sorts, and also, like a good filter, like, if someone's not willing to read a, you know, 250 page book, then maybe they're not right to be in my certification program. Love it. Good idea. Okay, next up, Deborah Reynolds. Deborah Reynolds, you're still here. Yes, you are. Great. Thank you for me. Deborah Reynolds, and I've gotten to know each other in the last like, like two weeks. It's like we went from not really knowing each other at all to, like, spending many hours together. This has been really great, really, really great. Okay, so Deborah tools to assess opportunities in ROI per unit. Okay, your per unit analysis and then modeling those two tools together will do wonders for you. Deborah Reynolds, next question, ideas for online income generation. I think any kind of consulting over Zoom is a real low hanging fruit for almost anyone. Take your expertise online, show up in certain you know, in related Facebook groups and or, you know, contact authors and speakers who already have a built in audience, see if you can add some value there and then offer some consulting over zoom. I think that's like one of the shortest paths to generating high level like six figure income for anyone. Options for getting a great assistant, aside from great assistant itself. Well, I mean, we know, obviously there's only one great assistant out there, so, but absent that, I would say, build a hiring funnel. And a hiring funnel includes like, steps like, well, actually, let me say this another way, the first cardinal sin I see people make when it comes to hiring an assistant. And our team, we've now hired 300 assistants. So we've we've been around the block a few times, and I've personally hired assistants from the United States, Canada, Philippines, Pakistan, Jamaica. I even list all the countries but the and the first thing is, people hire one of the first few candidates that they get. I think that's a big mistake. If you're, if you're hiring the first you know, someone out of the first two or three candidates you get. That's, that's, that's a mistake, even if they're people that you already know. Okay, to give you context, in great assistant, we're looking at 50 to 100 candidates to come down, with three finalists to come down. One great assistant. That's our ratios. I think a lot of entrepreneurs also make a mistake of just throwing something up on Facebook, and then they combine it with the other cardinal sin, and they hire the first person who's recommended to them through Facebook. It's fast, it's convenient. I just don't see that as being like the long term path for a long, lasting relationship. Now, I'm not saying it can't happen, okay, but I'm just, I'm trying to stack the deck in your in your favor here. Okay, you know I would, I would think about going to professional sites like monster.com or glass door or indeed, and and the number of people who are searching for work from home right now is colossal, colossal. Okay, there's big layoffs that are happening at companies that are deeply affected by the pandemic, and people want to work from home even before the pandemic. Check out these statistics. We were looking at research done. One of the papers we looked at was humetrics. I candidly, I barely even know what humetrics does, but they surveyed Americans, and it was 96 or 97% of Americans wish they could work from home at least part time. And it was like 66 or 67% of Americans wish they could work from home full time. It is not 66 or 67% of jobs in America that allow you to work from home full time. So the whole chessboard is tilted in our favor right now being virtual entrepreneurs, and so if you go to websites like indeed, or monster or whatnot, you know, you can put that right in the headline, and that that's a big time, that'll get a lot of clicks. If you're saying work from home, right in the headline. There's an there's a couple other websites. There's a website dedicated specifically to work from home. It's called Flex jobs. And one of the problems you might run into with Flex jobs, I'm not sure if this is the case still, but it can be tough to actually get on there, because I think by virtue the fact that they only take job postings from telework or telecommute, which is which means work from home, they get a lot of junk, and so their screening process is really tight. And I know when great assistant applied to have an account on Flex jobs, we were actually rejected two or three times. So like, you know, it's worth giving it a shot, but you know, be prepared in case you can't get on. And if you do get on, there's a there's there's the fees are significantly more expensive than if you're going to go to indeed, for example or monster. Now that being said, it's going to be very targeted. It's only going to be people working from home or wanting to work from home. So some places to go, I recommend that you've got a hiring funnel. I recommend that your expectations are to spend about 50 to 100 hours to come down with one winning assistant. And I would have them do work tests. A work test would be, for example, create a so you put this in, you'd give these instructions. You would say, I'd like you to set up a Facebook event. I'd like it to be a birthday party. I'd like you to then from there, you know, make sure it's got an appropriate picture in the header image of the Facebook event, I'd like you to then open up a Google Doc. I'd like you to write down the steps that you took to write the create that Facebook event. I'd like you to install loom into your Chrome browser, and I'd like you to shoot a video describing, like, talk to me, narrate me through how you created this Facebook event, then I want you to send me one email, and in that email I want three links on a link to the Facebook event. I want to link to the Google Doc and a link to your loom video. PS, don't send me a resume by giving someone really detailed instructions you're seeing if they know how to a, follow instructions. B, if they have good attention to detail. C, are they good with technology, right? Can they do they know Facebook and they know Google Chrome is they know how to install loom. Can they figure it out? We know if their English is good, right? Because they're narrating through the video. We know if their comprehension is good. We know if they think sequentially, because we can just look at how they write their procedure to see if it's actually step by step or not, right? So when you've got a well designed work test like that or two, you add some personality assessments. Make sure you do the Colby assessment as well. Those are the kinds of things that are going into a hiring funnel. And that's how we've been able to go from being like everyone else, which is basically a 50% success rate, we hover between 85 and 95% success rate at. 90 days, which is a mind blowing success rate. It's not 100% but it's really, really good. Okay? Deborah Reynolds asked about options to license this or other programs. So I don't have a licensing program for know your numbers yet. I encourage you to share pieces if it's for non commercial purposes, if it's just you helping an entrepreneur at no charge, and do give me credit for the pieces that are mine, and give Jack stack pieces of credit where it's his, and Keith Cunningham and all the various, you know, scaling up, and Vern Harnish and Brian Scudamore, like you know, make sure you're passing on that attribution. However it is that you're using it options to be an affiliate? Deborah, absolutely yes. If anyone on this call wants to be an affiliate, I'm happy to talk about that. We can set up a conversation. I'm willing for the for the tickets to the event to be an affiliate. If you just want to sell the replay of what we've gone through here, today and yesterday and the day before we can sell the replay. If you'd like to be a reseller of great assistant, we can make that happen. If you'd like to be a reseller of Tim Francis private consulting, we can do that. We just have to make sure that you've got the right marketing and training. It doesn't take too much training, but just the right information to make sure that you're being accurate in how you're representing us. We have, we have people every month making 1000s of dollars from recommending great assistant, and even some folks making money know your numbers is much newer, but we already have some people making some money from recommending, know your numbers. So it's exciting. Okay, next up, Jim Sora. Jim Sora had questions about marketing and business books. I recommend that is a long list. Let me just crack off a few here. So story brand by Donald Miller, highly recommend that book that I thought I knew it was going to be in that book, and it's like, I've read books like this before, but that is absolutely a showstopper in the world of marketing. Lauren seconding that motion Absolutely. Check that out, even if you're a longtime marketing veteran, Jason Hall is supporting that as I know. Jason's got serious marketing chops too. So that's a that's a big endorsement as well. Oh my God. Let me just wander around. Let me just see what other books very quickly, this is actually a kick ass book. I should have mentioned this earlier. Chris, are you still on the line? Chris,

Speaker 1  2:12:26
yes, okay, Chris, this is another I've complete. I feel embarrassed. I forgot to mention this book earlier. This book has to be one of the worst written books I have ever read. It's atrocious. There's like, there's missing words. There's like, horrible run on sentences. There's like, like, there's moments where, like, he meant to say there, but he said there, or two, two and two, or you're in your like, this thing is gruesome when it comes to like the actual writing, and it's one of the most honest kick ass books I've ever read about dealing with companies in trouble. It's not even sexy graphic design like this is this looks like 1978 textbook from a college, right? And the book is called the six month fix, and it's written by, written by a guy named Gary Sutton. And the subtitles adventures in rescuing failing companies. I swear there's, there's even chapters that are like duplicates of each other, like chapter whatever. 13 is a duplicate of Chapter like, 26 it's said in different words, but it's kind of the same idea, and I just got it like, this is like, so it's, it's short chapter two, which is nice. It's literally 69 small chapters. Here's some of the type. Here's some of the, some of the titles. I can't remember. Where I heard about I heard this book. I heard about it from what's his name? He's Digital Marketer. War Room. Starts with an R. What's his name? Frazier. Roland Frasier. Thank you very much. Roland Frasier, I'm pretty sure he's the one who told me this. So these are, these are some of the topics of the of the titles, challenge, the do gooders, insurance, stupidity, romance, the bankers slash consulting. Send God back to church, break laws carefully. Um, cash makes you stupid. Uh, negotiate faster. Uh, ride the big wave. Eliminate sex attacks, drugs and alcohol. Stop gambling. Oh, yes, you are kill meetings. Duck computer tracks, traps, uh. Reverse, discriminate. I don't, I don't remember what that one is about. Boards suck. Here's how to cope, shareholders only. And the final chapter, the 31 steps that convert bleeders into winners. I feel like, I feel like the candor of this book is matched by the candor of Keith Cunningham with his book The Road Less stupid. So Chris, my friend, I'm so sorry I didn't mention this earlier the six month. Fix this damn book. Excellent, good. This damn book. If you go on Amazon, and please, someone go on Amazon now and double check my thinking. Last time I checked, you could only get it like used or from resellers. It's such an obscure book, and it was like 138 bucks when I bought it, or something like that. Has anybody found it?

Unknown Speaker  2:15:55
Yeah, so here's what's crazy on Kindle. It's $49

Unknown Speaker  2:15:59
on Kindle. Oh my god, but you, but

Speaker 4  2:16:01
you can get hard cover for $7 so that's kind of weird,

Speaker 1  2:16:06
really, $7 well, I paid, I paid a lot more than that. Okay, um, I'm just kind of standing in front of one of my mini bookcases here. I'm just kind of going quickly off the top. Oh, oh, the cloud. The collaborative way? That's a great book that I'm reading right now, like I'm literally talking to their people to see if they can consult to my team. That book The collaborative way is. Collaborative way is it's like $70 on Amazon, but if you go to the author's website, you can get it for like 20 or like 17 plus shipping, or something like that.

Speaker 5  2:16:51
It's currently 30 on Amazon. If it's by Lloyd Pickett, yeah, Lloyd

Speaker 1  2:16:55
and Jason Pickett, I think so. Yes, yeah. I'm sure you're looking at the right one. It's a short book. Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic book. What else here? Man, I have so many great books that I've read and so many great books that I haven't read, and I'm looking at some of these, I'm like, Oh, my God, I bet that this is just a mind blowing book as I'm staring at it. So

Unknown Speaker  2:17:22
yeah, you know, should I mention that book?

Speaker 1  2:17:28
Well, yeah, I'm gonna keep it simple. I'm gonna stick to what I just recommended. So you got two leadership books there. You've got the Arbinger Institute, the leadership and self deception, which I mentioned. And then we talked about the collaborative way. Unbelievable book, that's a leadership book too. This is it. It's just a little guy. It's just little, but it's but it's fantastic. And then six month fix Keith's Keith's book, ultimate blueprint, Greg crabtrees book. Those are all just some amazing reads. Amazing, amazing reads. Story brand by Donald Miller. Amazing, amazing read. Okay, Jim also wanted to know what stories? Oh, you're welcome, Jim. You've been so quiet the whole three days, I wasn't even sure if you're

Speaker 2  2:18:22
still there more listener than a talker. So okay,

Speaker 1  2:18:26
so Jim, can you? Maybe can you? And I'm so happy that we get to talk live here. Oh, or in class. Book, which book is that negotiate? No. Someone help me. What's the Oren Klaff book? Pitch Anything. Pitch Anything. Thank you very much, Lauren. Pitch Anything like

Unknown Speaker  2:18:49
send you the list of the things that you just said.

Speaker 1  2:18:52
Probably, yeah, that would be great, although maybe we're not done yet, so, so send it after keep typing. I'll keep typing. Thank you. Thank you, Lauren. You're such a great helper. Thank you. I appreciate that. So Jim, can you help focus me in on a topic that you would like more marketing or business book recommendations, and that does wonders to help my brain to locate great books. Oh,

Speaker 2  2:19:13
right now, most of the things I do, I probably listen to two or three books a week on Audible, which I know is a lot. While I'm doing other stuff, I always have my headphones in. Yeah, and right now, like I wrote in my message, I just started this business with a friend at the end of last year. So it's a lacrosse company. We've been making different 3d end caps I've been designing and 3d printing them, and different shirts and different things. We got to one tournament. It's kind of off season to kind of test our products, and it went really well. But it was only a 40 team tournament, and coming up was going to be a lot of tournaments. Our main marketing was getting stuff like a. Stickers, bracelets to kind of get our name in people's heads at the tournaments, and then kind of do more Facebook advertising and that kind of stuff, which I haven't started yet, but being that the current way things are going, I think we have to go directly toward like Facebook marketing and kind of Instagram, that kind of thing, which was kind of backwards from what our original plan was. So anything that is good, Facebook ad resources, that type of thing, and maybe even things that I'm not thinking of that can be less in person to start getting our name out there rather than, I guess we just got to flip our plan on its head, pretty much. So okay, so with that kind of thing, I'm all open to ideas,

Speaker 1  2:20:54
sure, so let me just see if I got it straight here. Jim, so you guys sell products to the lacrosse market, like the sport lacrosse. Yeah,

Speaker 2  2:21:04
that is correct. So we can target on Facebook. And I had another business that was a failure, but I learned a lot before that, which I did a little bit, ran a few ads, but my idea was too complicated to sell, where, which kind of got me to keep it simple, as a shirt that's already made was going to be custom shirts, but that custom things, but I figured out that that was kind of made things too complicated. It's a lot easier to sell something that's simple. Here it is. So, yeah, any, any kind of marketing ideas for that? I'm all ears.

Speaker 1  2:21:42
Yeah, okay, sure, sure, yeah. So I've got a couple this may not be what you were expecting to hear, but it's definitely what I would do, or it's a learning resource I would highly recommend. Is actually a book called Scrum, the art of getting done in half the time. And there's a book by Eric Reese called Lean Startup. And that one, yeah, very good, yeah, very good, yep. Lauren's got it. Very good. Thank you, Lauren. This is, this is, this is Vanna Goldstein, I was so, just for context, Jim, I was so blown away by the book Scrum. I found out about the Scrum Product Development Strategy or methodology on a I think it was a Thursday at 2:30pm when one of my clients said, oh, cool, Tim, can we build this thing using Scrum? I was like, What are you talking about? He's like, Oh, Scrum. And I was like, isn't that a rugby thing, where they all, like, pile on each other? He's like, Yeah, it's the same word, but it's actually a product development strategy and subsequently, project management. I'm like, What the hell is that? So he sends me a couple of YouTube videos, summarized scrum in like, 10 minutes or whatever. I'm like, Okay, I'm starting to get a sense of it. I was like, Well, what? I just give me the book. Just be the book? Just be the book. So I start listening to the book. I got, like, I don't know, I had it on like, 2x time, or 1.5x time. I got, like, an hour into the book that night, and I was like, This is so good. I need to be certified now. I went on the Internet and I found, and this is when I'm living in Canada, in the western part of Canada, and I found that there was a certification program to become scrum certified the following Monday in Chicago, downtown, in the loop, 9am Monday morning I was in Chicago.

Unknown Speaker  2:23:38
Oh, wow. That good.

Speaker 1  2:23:41
Amazing, amazing. And I've rolled it out in multiple companies now my company and other companies, and the speed, in fact, great assistant, was built on Scrum and and I, and I don't mean like the huddles and whatnot, I mean like the product development approach. So in one piece of Scrum is just that. And this is where it really intersects with lean startup is coming up with like, and this requires some thinking. And sometimes it, you know, sometimes the first option isn't the best options. We got to think, like, a little laterally, so. But, you know, for example, and this may not seem revolutionary to you at this point because you've read the Lean Startup, but what is the smallest possible increment on my product. And product could be a product or service that I could deploy and put in the hands of a real world user to get real world feedback, right. So from from my scrum certification, I don't know, four or five years ago now, the example was a camera like, imagine, I'm creating a digital camera, and it's a handheld. You know, it's not like on my phone, but it's a handheld. The smallest possible increment might be actually send taking a block of wood and shaping it in. To the size and shape of what I think my end product is going to be, is going to be. So it, let's just be real clear, this thing does not take pictures. It doesn't have a viewfinder. It doesn't zoom. In fact, it's not even electronic. It has no electronic components. Like, just say it's, in fact, it's not even plastic. They didn't have any of the materials, like, there's not even going to be any wood on the real thing when it finally gets released. Yet, it's an increment that's easy, inexpensive, fast. And I can put it in the hands of a real world potential user, and they can hold it and say, Oh, it's a little bulky. I don't like how it fits in my hand. It doesn't fit my purse. I like it, or it's too small, it's hard to hold like and we can start getting feedback. Great assistant was built on that rapid product development feedback loop from real users, and it continues to get tweaked on that basis as well. So so I would, I would, I would study that product development book Scrum,

Unknown Speaker  2:26:02
and I'm looking right now,

Speaker 1  2:26:05
yep, yep, yep, yep, you got it. You got the right one. And Jeff Sutherland, yep, and I would read that and and then take that approach, because, I mean, look, if you're looking to try out different products for the lacrosse market, you could sign up an account with zazzle.com or cafepress.com right, which are promotional products websites. And you could just put your you could upload your logo onto like a mug, a water bottle, a t shirt, a tank top, and just see what people are buying. You don't even need to print any or bring them to tournaments. You can literally just advertise the CafePress page or the Zazzle page or whatever, and see if people are buying it, and that would give you some very early feedback on ads, ad copy or targeting and your product selection, like, maybe everyone loves the hat but hates the t shirt. Who knows? Right? So, right, right, right, and you've spent nothing on production or fulfillment, right? Which is super, super, super, super exciting. So, so then, so that'd be my general approach. Jim, stories of money management, pitfalls. Oh, my God, my own life. I've got a handful. I think we've probably covered a bunch of them in the in the course itself.

Speaker 2  2:27:19
Yeah, definitely the last three days been very, very good with that.

Unknown Speaker  2:27:23
Yeah, do you feel, do you feel the cup is full on that

Speaker 2  2:27:25
one? No, there's always, I'd like to empty the cup a lot so I can getting more information. If you have any other insights, or, I mean, any books, even that kind of stuff, there's always more to learn. So,

Speaker 1  2:27:41
yeah, you know, I think, I think it's, I think it's probably, probably the, the best overarching point I could make here, and actually, I should maybe even add this point to the main course, because it's, it's just great wisdom. And although this is a TFO, this is a Tim Francis original, I'm probably not first guy who came up with this idea. It's just, it's just that timeless. Is that there just really seems to be a pendulum, okay? And this pendulum swings from restricted to freewheeling. And it's almost like this law of human nature that it's kind of like, you know, if someone becomes single, they're like, oh my god, I'm gonna date everyone. Swipe right on everything, and I'm gonna go on dates. I'll talk to absolutely everyone. This is just gonna be a great time, right? And that's good for a while. And then after that, it's kind of like, well, and I don't really feel like spending that much time, energy and money on this wild, wide ranging adventure, and it gets a little narrower and error, and then maybe we end up with a partner, right? Maybe end up getting married or something like that, right? You know, likewise with mortgage rules, right? So mortgage rules in the United States and Canada were getting relaxed, relaxed, relaxed, relax, relax, relax, until, incredibly, we're at this point in 2008 where there is something called ninja loans. Ninja loans no income, no job, no credit required. Like it was unbelievable. People could walk in, sign on it and not have to really even have proof of income. And here you go, here's a $400,000 loan. Go get a house, right? And what happened? There's this big collapse, and everything tightened up, and the pendulum totally swung the other way. So the same is true in businesses where and I'm just as guilty, Dude, I got to tell you, I'm just as guilty as this in, you know, I wish I could sit here and tell you that I have it all on, you know, buttoned on lockdown. But I'll tell you that, like, when we're making a lot of money, and I've got hundreds of 1000s of dollars sitting in the bank, and, you know, we've got this healthy pipeline, and all the rest. I'm, I'm a little, I'm a little faster and easier with. Of cash, like, you know, and I'm, I'm throwing a fewer Hail Marys, I'm speculating a bit more. And then, you know, last year, I lost 150 grand in one decision. Right in one wrong decision, I lost 150 grand. Now, the silver lining in the great news is that I was able to handle $150,000 loss. That is, that a great sign that, like, you know, I was at a position I could do, that I had the clarity, had the optics, and I was able to navigate my own cash crunch, you know, when it hit really hard. So, you know, and candidly, we're still recovering from that loss. Like, yes, I was able to buffer $150,000 loss, but I can't buffer unlimited losses, for goodness sakes, right? Everyone's got their limit so, you know. So that's really like something to keep an eye on. And, and I'm still, you know, I'm still fighting back, you know, on a lot of fronts, from, from a loss that size, and maybe one day that won't be a big deal to me, but at this point it is, so, I love this story. Keith tells. I love this story, Keith, and this is, this is probably the last story I'll tell here, Jim, because we could keep going and going going. Then we're gonna move on to Lauren's. Got the next block of questions here. So Keith tells this great story. And actually, Keith has one of the most extraordinary entrepreneur stories I've ever heard in my entire life. Keith, in the cable business, had $100 million in the bank. Keith describes it as he felt like he had the golden touch. He felt like, you know he was, he must be a master at business that he could have $100 million in the bank. He even had, he even had a mentor who is much older than him. Say, Keith got a lot of money in the bank. I recommend you take some off the table, like, I recommend you take some off the table and just put it, put it on the sidelines. And Keith, more or less, said, Thank you for the advice. You don't know who you're dealing with here. I I'm the exception to the role, and Keith did not take money off the table. Keith then decided that he was going to go play the real estate game. He personally guaranteed $50 million worth of loans,

Unknown Speaker  2:32:19
and

Speaker 1  2:32:22
I don't know the exact details, you'd have to ask him, more or less, there was a correction, and Keith ended up losing all 100 million dollars and was left with $50 million in debt. It took him five years of constant grinding and and renegotiating and fighting to come all the way back, and in the process of of it, you know, had some very tough lessons along the way. He did get a phone call after five years, though, from his accountant. And his accountant said, Keith, I've got some good news and I've got some bad news. He says, The good news is you've now made it back to zero. This is one of the most extraordinary comebacks I've ever seen, to come from negative $50 million all the way back to zero. That's it's incredible way to go. So Keith felt good. Then the account says the bet. Now the bad news, because part of your comeback was debt forgiveness from the banks. You now have a, I think it was a $9 million tax bill coming from the IRS for for phantom income. And Keith, Keith jokingly says, Well, if it's a tax bill for phantom income, can I pay for it with phantom money? Do so, So Keith declared bankruptcy, and I'm not sure the timeline of things, but he ended up getting divorced. I think, I think he got somewhat estranged, even from his kids. It was a very, very stressful time. Keith describes it as, at times he was considering a permanent solution to a temporary problem. IE, he considered suicide. It was a very, very dark time. He felt like he had, you know, he was at the peak, and he'd screwed it up big time. And I wonder, you know, I've heard Robert Kiyosaki talk about, you know, there's been times in his life when he thought he had problems, and then he would watch his mentors plane fly away and realize that his mentor had a problem 10 times bigger. And I've never asked Keith, and I don't know Robert, but I'm wondering if Robert was talking about Keith when he said that it's just, it's just a side thought. And So Keith, you know, for a year and a half, he describes it as he studied the world's religions. He got a ponytail, he put earrings in, or an earring in, rather, and really considered the the meaning of life, right? And Keith describes a moment when he, I think he said it was from the book, A Course in Miracles. I think he said it was. Them that, or maybe it was a Tony Robbins program. I don't remember, but it talked about, when you fail, you need to really, really find a way to just make it complete. How do you own that failure to to the max? And So Keith, you know, one thing about living in Texas is, if you go bankrupt, you still get to keep your primary residence, like the bank doesn't take your house away. So Keith still had his beautiful home in his beautiful gated community, and he literally, when he decided it was time to get back on his feet and own his failure, he grabbed a piece of cardboard, and on the piece of cardboard he wrote, I took my shot and I fit and I missed. He didn't say, fail, but he said, I took my shot and I missed, and he took that cardboard, and he walked out to the gates of his gated community, where all of his neighbors were coming and going at five o'clock, and he begged for money. And he did that for an afternoon, and that was his way of publicly acknowledging that he had missed. He was owning his situation fully publicly, right in front of his neighbors are all well to do, right or at least appear to be well to do. And

Unknown Speaker  2:36:12
after that, Keith got back into business. Keith,

Speaker 1  2:36:17
Keith five years and he this time, he attempted to turn around businesses using what he'd learned. I mean, good, goodness gracious. He'd learned a ton from going from zero to 100 million to negative 50 back to zero.

Unknown Speaker  2:36:32
And in one of the one

Speaker 1  2:36:37
of the businesses didn't work out, but the other three did, and my understanding is because he was consulting for $1 plus upside. So he wasn't charging any consulting fees, he wasn't charging any project fees, he wasn't charging any hourly rate, $1 plus upside. The three that worked, he made all 100 million dollars back within five years. So he then decided he would start teaching entrepreneurs what he'd learned, and he had a student approach him during one of those classes, said, Keith, your stuff is amazing. Could we repurpose it for the personal finance world? And Keith says, Sure, let's do it. So they, you know, so they put some training together. That training ran its course, and he and he and the student went their separate ways shortly thereafter, Keith, you know, a year or two later, Keith happens to see that this student has written a book, and that book was called Rich Dad, Poor Dad. And that student was Robert Kiyosaki. And as Keith is going through the pages he sees, that's my idea, that's my idea. That's my idea too. And yet there wasn't any attribution. So, you know, seeing one of my mentors, Keith, go through this, you know, excruciating period of having his IP that he fought to plus 100 minus 50, plus 100 again, to earn those those lessons, and for him to not get credit. You know, that's pretty painful. And, and, and that's why you see, I mean, even before I heard that story, and even before I ever met Keith, I always thought it was important to give attributing. I really, really think it's important to give attribution now, because you just don't know what people have gone through to gain that harder knowledge. Yeah, so in terms of money management pitfalls, I'm not sure how much bigger of a store I could give you than plus 100 to negative 50 to plus 100 million, but I think it's just, you know, Keith's got some great material, the road less stupid. Another great book. He actually gave me an advanced copy when he was writing, because I was actually working personally with him at the time. And Keith, you know, he talks about how emotion and intelligence oftentimes work in inverse of each other. And, you know, as ego and emotion and all that get just gets a little high. We get a little big on our britches. Intelligence goes down, and money management ends up, you know, really falling apart quickly. So hopefully that's some good wisdom for you. Yeah, thank you very much. Appreciate it. You're welcome. Okay. Lauren Goldstein, question number one, three, most important things to look at when reviewing clients, numbers for big leagues, opportunities and trends. Okay, very quickly. Lauren, how would you answer your own question at

Speaker 5  2:39:24
this point? Well, if I look at my notes here, per unit analysis, trends and GAP spikes and expenses, I'm sorry.

Unknown Speaker  2:39:36
Well, can you say it again? The Internet dropped?

Speaker 5  2:39:38
Oh, super fun. Okay, trends per unit analysis, use of gaps in market value, book value, but that's not really relevant to what I do, benchmarking spikes and expenses, things that don't make sense,

Speaker 1  2:39:55
ar, collect on AR, ASAP. That's a big one, too. I. And Chris, if I didn't mention that earlier, AR is another one. And then expenses, expense management, that can also be a pretty, pretty good gold mine too, especially like over time.

Speaker 5  2:40:14
Also, while I have you, we were questioning whether the scrum book was a red cover or yellow cover, because there's two by the same author, and I don't know which one comes first.

Speaker 1  2:40:23
Okay, gonna share your screen and show me on Amazon. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  2:40:27
sure. Okay, thank you.

Speaker 1  2:40:37
Also, Lauren, another really great way to pick up cash quickly. And Chris, this is for you too, is just making sure the finances are properly done. Like, let me tell you this story, so while Lauren's pulling that up, and Lauren maybe don't flash it on the screen just yet, because I don't want to be too distracting, but if you could tee it up and then we can share it in just a sec. So I was working with this client. They'd hired me for private consulting, so 101, $1,000 an hour. And the, you know, standard thing, I say, you know, I need your financials or I won't work with you. They say, that's okay. They hand it to me, I'd have to double check and it's but it was like their total assets was something like $180,000 and total liabilities was something like 25,000 so it was like, you know, they really appeared to have a lot of asset and, and after that, I said, Okay, well, that's great. Let me just sit with the financials and, and I noticed that there was this line that says, you know, under the assets, keep in mind now that you know what you know what you know about assets, liabilities and equity. In the asset section, it said debt from it was like, 123, limited or something like that. I'm thinking to myself, like, interesting. We have a debt as an asset. How could that be? And as I thought about I was like, Oh, well, I know that it's it is a business model out there to buy debt, and then from there, resell it. And you buy debt for 20 cents on the dollar, and you turn around, you can collect on that debt for 50 cents on the dollar, and you make your money on the spread between what you bought the debt for and what you collected on it, right? So maybe that's it. But it didn't really seem to fit with their business model. So I was just like, well, let me ask some questions here. So I get them on the phone the CEO and the CEO together, the three of us are having a meeting and and the CEO, who's also the founder, says, Oh no, I didn't buy debt with the purpose of reselling it. That's debt from my previous company. And I was like, Oh, okay. And what do you mean by that? He's like, Oh, well, my previous business was heavily in debt and was at risk of going bankrupt, but I didn't want to do that because I didn't want to ruin my business credit or and it was something like because, like, his parents had had taken out a home equity line of credit against No there was a loan to the business, and the security was his parents house, so that business couldn't go under, because then the parents house would be gone. So it was something like that. So he opened up a new company, bought the debt from the old company. Didn't actually close down the old company, but he was able to prop it up and make it look like it was break even again, in case the bank was going to double check, right? I'm sorry, not upside down. So it didn't have this massive debt to it. So more or less now a shell company that had no operations but but it also didn't have any debt. So so, you know, so his parents house was safe, so he buys this, so he opens this new company, but in air quotes, buys the debt with no intention of ever actually reselling that debt or monetizing that debt. So if we ask ourselves, is that really an active market value asset? The truth is absolutely not. That thing is on paper might say 180 grand, or, I'm sorry it was, I think was like 80 grand, but the true value of that asset was zero, a stone cold zero. Interesting. Okay, so then assets are not 180 grand. Assets are like, market value, or like 100 and you know, it's around this time that I'm like, really getting to understand the difference between market and book value of things. So then after that, I'm like, okay, great. So then I'm noticing that in your payables, you don't have anything around income tax payable. Can you tell me about that? And they said, Oh, yeah, yeah, there's no income tax payable because we're behind in our books by two or three years. And I said, Oh, okay, so we owe the government some money. Can you tell me about that? They said, I our bookkeeper just hasn't, you know, submitted it to us yet. We're kind of talking to them. Yeah, in a roundabout way, they were saying, we're basically ignoring our bookkeeper right now. Like to get the, get them the documents they're needed. I'm like, Okay, I've heard this story before. In fact, I've been this story before. I'm like, Okay, do you have a forecast and what you think it's gonna be? They said, Yeah, it sounds like it's gonna be about 40 or 50 grand. I was like, oh, okay, interesting. So as you guys now, know the idea of free cash, right? So if we start, if we start marking this down, we've got $180,000 of assets. We're going to take out 80 for this asset. That's, that's a fake asset, right? So we're down to 100 we're going to strip out, I think it was 40 or 50. Let's say it's 50 for easy figuring for accounts payable, right? So now we're down to 50, and we just kept going, like the exact free cash calculation that we're talking about, it was a little modified, included assets that's cash, and it turned out that these guys had available approximately $17,000 so they're making decisions believing they have $180,000 of assets, and within that, like, something like $100,000 of cash, and they had 17, something that I could have taught in the narrow numbers course, and actually I think I probably should in future editions, is the idea of, like, how much runway Do you have, right? So runway is defined as total dollars in the bank that that, and if we're going to really do this the clean way, it's going to be free cash, free cash divided by overhead, monthly overhead, right? So if these guys are sitting, and they were sitting at something like $30,000 a month. Is their monthly overhead. If they only have $17,000 in cash, you divide 17 by 30, they had half a month of cash. It's two weeks. There are two weeks at any given point. There are two weeks away from going out of business, two weeks away from going out of business. I once did a similar exercise with another client. This is someone in board of advisors, and I'm actually making a note that's that's a really good point. I should have taught that runway so it's free cash, divided by over overhead or monthly expenses. Actually, that's probably a better way to say it. It's a little gray area, especially this day and age with a lot of people working as contractors, right where, technically they might be categorized as subcontractors or a direct cost, when, in fact, they behave like an indirect cost. So let's just say free cash divided by monthly expenses. So I'm in board of advisors, and I'm working with a client, a member, I should say, a member of board of advisors. And they had a multi million dollar company. They'd won awards like crazy, left, right and center. Every year. They were picking up three, four or five industry awards and and in industry awards, but also like marketing awards, like they were really, really doing well on that front. And when we did their runway, it turned out they had, I think it was eight and a half days of cash,

Speaker 6  2:48:13
eight and a half days of cash. And what's even more extraordinary, they had no idea they had no idea they were looking at sales, sold, right? Not cash collected. Nor did they even know to do that. That calculation for runway, the the CEO, when I showed it to the CEO. Didn't believe me. She like, it was like,

Speaker 1  2:48:50
you know, it's like, when you look at something and you don't see anything, you know, you look at a little drawing and there's nothing. But you put on the little red the red glasses, and all of a sudden the picture pops out at you. She literally couldn't even see the number that I was showing her because it did not compute. It even being within the realm of possibility because of all the awards they were winning and the millions of dollars of revenue that they were bringing in. And it took, it took a lot of back and forth and and I lost my cool a little bit because I so I was like, No, you don't realize how dire the situation is. And when she finally put the goggles on, she went, oh my god,

Speaker 6  2:49:33
got it. We're gonna have to manage cash a little differently. And I was like, I agree. So then we got busy on some strategies around that.

Speaker 1  2:49:44
Okay, Jim, there you go. More bonus money management pitfalls, okay, Lauren wants to create spreadsheet called Real Time, free cash.

Speaker 5  2:49:56
Do you want me to share my screen really quick? Oh, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:49:59
the book. Yeah, please do. Thank you. Okay, oh no, it's

Speaker 1  2:50:03
definitely the red one. It's definitely the red one. We want Scrum, The Art of Doing Twice the work in half the time, by Jeff Sutherland. And the lower one in yellow is the field book. And that's like, I don't even know what that is. Maybe it's fantastic, but I have no idea. What I know is fantastic is the Red Book. So go do the Red Book. Cool.

Speaker 2  2:50:23
Thank you. I downloaded that one. I'll be listening to it tomorrow. So

Speaker 1  2:50:27
appreciate you. Bet. Yeah, you bet. And Jim, what you're gonna discover is that in the back of the book, or the in the last, whatever fifth, you know, 15 minutes of the of the audible, is an appendix, and that appendix gives you exactly the nuts and bolts of how to do Scrum, like if Scrum, if you just wanted the playbook on it, you would just listen the last 15 minutes, or the last whatever 15 pages, or appendix, whatever it's called, I would say, though, that my brain was not ready To see that playbook until I'd actually listen to the research and the story and everything. It's kind of like the four hour workweek is probably like a 32 page book talking about the Pareto principle and outsourcing, outsourcing. But what gets what sets the stage for us to be so hungry to use those tools that like the 8020 like 8020 and outsourcing overseas and whatnot. From the four hour workweek is the story, and it's funny how the human brain works, but sometimes we just need to be ready to see it. Now, for the record, I've mixed emotions and mixed feeling. Motions are feelings. I have a mixed review of The Four Hour Workweek. I don't like the culture that it creates. It it I and I think it's unproductive and unrealistic and not a fair set of expectations for most entrepreneurs to have when they're getting started. I think that Tim does have, Tim Ferriss does have a few really amazing nuggets in there, and I would not be where I am if I had not read that book. I would not have an assistant company, for that matter, if I had not read that book. So it's kind of like, you know, some things, you're like, you know, in life, we're just like, I endorse that fully. And others, I'm like, It's got an asterisk on it, and it's got enough positive the net review is enough positive that I do recommend it, but not without that little asterisk. So okay,

Speaker 2  2:52:29
totally agree with you on The Four Hour Workweek, because for the wrong person, it tells them everything's easy, and the reality is, it takes a lot of hard work to make those principles work. So absolutely

Speaker 1  2:52:40
I think that I agree with you, too, Jim. And I think that the the chapter that is one of the most important chapters in that entire book comes before chapter one. It's in the PROLOG where Tim describes how he went basically nutty for five straight years trying to make business work, trying to build an internet business, trying to source products, trying to learn Google AdWords. And it was so exhausting and stressful to build his business, he literally had to fly overseas to get away and escape. And that's when he booked his one way plane ticket, and it led to long term travel well, you know, continuing to run and build his business, and no one ever talks about the PROLOG and the five years of struggle that came before the four hour work week happened. And I think without taking that into account, we end up with the wrong set of expectations. Okay, next up, Lauren. Lauren had the real time cash flow, no, the real time free cash spreadsheet. So Lauren, I'd call that free cash right now. That, to me, is what I'm calling that. And, and the free cash calculator is, you know, very, very simple, and it's sitting inside of the CEO HQ. And so, yes, we're on the same page. And I know that when you type that question, we hadn't gone over the CEO HQ yet. And I think what's really clever and insightful, and a sign of your grasp of the material, is that you're calling it real time free cash, because when we look at a balance sheet, we're seeing cash that's reported as of whatever days at the top of the balance sheet, and that could be a week a month a year a decade ago, and our cash position can change radically with one transaction in 10 minutes. So thank you. Thank you for highlighting that. Appreciate that good. All right. Next up Mark. Mark Griffey, what advice do I have around open book management? Yeah, you guys, we've been going for an hour and a half non stop. It's a week. Maybe this needs to be a four day course or something. Although maybe if I did four days, then there would be a fifth day of questions. It maybe we just never be ending

Speaker 5  2:55:20
Q and A separate from the other recording, because we've been going so long, because this is so valuable that I think people will want to watch this.

Unknown Speaker  2:55:28
Hmm. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker 2  2:55:32
If you are doing short videos in the Facebook group, but make sure you upload them as a video so that you can retain them if they change their algorithms, you've got them that would be really valuable as

Speaker 1  2:55:45
well. Hmm, yeah, great point. And I've definitely felt kind of like, as I've been going through these questions, I'm like, I bet you other people have these questions too. Like, I might even like this Q and A section. I would obviously ask permission from each person to be able to share their name. I might even put it like, if people are cool with it, onto like, like in to your point. Deborah in small chunks. Make it like Question of the day or question of the week into Facebook, maybe even onto my YouTube channel, something like that. Do it. Do it. Do it.

Speaker 5  2:56:16
And also make a book rec freebie or something that could be great for leads. For you, I love that.

Speaker 1  2:56:23
Oh my God. See, this is the great thing about having smart friends and smart students, and smart friends who are students and students who are friends, because I get all this free consulting. It's amazing.

Speaker 2  2:56:34
Just take the entire audio from this three day program, transcribe it, and you got your book done.

Speaker 1  2:56:40
Yeah, there it is. And and get an editor, and get an editor so we don't end

Speaker 5  2:56:47
up like, Yes, that's what I was saying. Is record it while he does the whatever the certification, because his other book will be written during that. Oh, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  2:56:58
What do you mean? I'm not following.

Speaker 5  2:57:01
Jason said, write your book first. Sorry, just took a vitamin chip because I'm starving. And I said, No, dude, at the same time, because if you record your your certification, the book will basically write itself, hmm, and then you're kind of doing double double duty. I feel like,

Speaker 1  2:57:21
if you're going to challenge Jason, we gotta give Jason an opportunity to speak up. Now we turn into a little mini debate for

Speaker 5  2:57:26
challenging him. I was just saying, or it's an option. Write a book right now, not challenging. I love Jason. We discovered through the chat that we're kindred beta testing. Spirits and tech geeks. We're both software

Speaker 1  2:57:45
software nerds, software nerds. That's great. I love it. That's fantastic. Okay, so more Mark Griffey advice on open book management, okay, Mark, I have, I have a huge piece of advice tales from the trenches on this one. This is like, hard earned knowledge. And you know what? It's kind of like, like, so I knew nothing about open book management until I read the great game of business, and I knew nothing about the implementation, until I, like, went and did their courses and walk the factory floor. There is actually an amazing video on the profit factory YouTube channel. Let me actually pull this up and put the link in for you guys. Oh, this is stellar. There's actually two stellar videos. I mentioned the one video earlier, which is the interview with Jack stack. That is a kick ass video. I definitely don't sound modest right now, because I'm saying these videos that I helped put together are the jam, and I'm not even sad about it or hesitant, because they are really that good. I'm not even humble about being humble. So I'm on the prop. I know you can't see my screen just yet. Okay, so, oh, geez, I Intel profit factory is, I'm sorry YouTube is. YouTube is not a core part of my strategy right now, because we've got some old assets up here. Goodness. Okay, great. So sharing my screen.

Speaker 6  2:59:28
So first of all, that's a great picture. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  2:59:36
Number two, systemize your business. That's not even the core offering of profit factory. It's part of what I know how to do, but it is do, but it is certainly not the core offering. Okay, amazing. Video number one. This one right here, he built a $500 million company. And actually, no, no, that's not the one you want. This one, seven minutes, $500 million company, number one, lesson from 30 years in business. Is, it really is a priceless interview with Jack stack. This is Jack stack from great game of business, loading, loading, copy, copy.

Unknown Speaker  3:00:13
And let me back that up, putting it in the chat box for everyone see I'm learning. I'm learning from you guys, I'm learning. I'm getting gooder. Come on, zoom. Give me the chat box. No, yes, no, yes, there you go.

Speaker 5  3:00:40
You can always pop out the chat box and put it wherever you want for later dates.

Unknown Speaker  3:00:46
Dang it, Lauren, I just sent you our feedback form.

Unknown Speaker  3:00:52
I don't have the link. Otherwise, I'd post it for you.

Speaker 1  3:01:02
Okay, interview with Jack stack from the great game of business.

Unknown Speaker  3:01:14
Oh, my God, it keeps putting in the Google Form. I

Unknown Speaker  3:01:23
I'm going to try this instead, we're going to do a little two step.

Unknown Speaker  3:01:36
Okay, that's YouTube.

Unknown Speaker  3:01:40
I got you. It's in the link. Oh

Unknown Speaker  3:01:42
my god, you can't beat me at my own thing. That's not okay.

Speaker 5  3:01:47
I'm just, I'm very, I'm very efficient at copy and pasted with Jason pointed out earlier today,

Unknown Speaker  3:01:56
well, the official posting just went up. I'm

Unknown Speaker  3:01:59
just trying to help. Just try and help. Oh my god,

Speaker 1  3:02:02
you're being so helpful. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so that's interviewed Jack stack, and then this is so hella cool, guys like, in fact, I'm going to re share my screen so you can hear the audio sharing is sharing with computer sound. And I'll just need a quick thumbs up from you guys that you can actually hear the audio this backstage at SRC. I've got a super cool treat today. If you've ever heard of the great game of business with my jack staff, you can hear it one of the icons. Yeah, we hear it like Bibles on open book management. Really fascinating way to run a company. I'm actually here in Springfield, Missouri, at SRC electrical, which is one of the divisions. SRC is the company that the great game of business has written about. It's here. The great game of business was invented starting back in 1983 let's head inside.

Speaker 1  3:03:10
All right, so we are now in the huddle room. And wouldn't you know it, it is like full exposure. Is that the right word? Literally, we're talking about like a six foot tall. Consider the statement over there we've got, you know, right here is the cash flow statement. Right over here is the balance sheet. And then on the walls around here are a variety of different mini games. So we've got src, awfully, this is some kind of football theme thing. Over here in this corner, there was a poker theme thing right there. And those are all scoreboards. Next up, we're gonna head right into the factory floor and see what's going on there. So here we are on the factory floor. And wouldn't you know it, it's like the real deal. You know, this is where the great game of business was invented. And as you can see on the wall here. We've got tons of just straight up information. There's nothing hidden. We've got, year to date, profit before taxes, numbers of shipments. We've got this blew me away. This is actually my second time down to Springfield with the fact that first time I was here this I felt almost fell over. We've got the water fountain. And guess what? This is right here. This right here is literally the company's cash balance today. And last time I was here, was like $1.4 million and they literally just tell the employees what's in the checking account. It's just incredible. I know they spent a bunch of money, I think, getting a new building, and so that sucks some of their cash. So today they're at $41,338 it's just absolutely mind blowing that there's this level of disclosure. And when you look around the factory, they've got all kinds of information about information here, about the building, the ESOP, and its current standing. So you can actually see what a share is worth. So all the employees. Know what their long term wealth is looking like. So we're going to continue on. We're going to go to a workstation and just see a scoreboard at a workstation, all right. So here we are at a workstation, and you can see, right over here, we've got a scoreboard there. And so this particular station, they're tracking their efficiency at packing orders, and then this right here, they've actually installed that's a computer screen, and they've got computer screens at most stations to give them up to date information as far as how their progress is. So the great game of business is alive and well here at src, electrical lots going on, and it's such a fascinating, inspiring place to see everything going on. So that's it for our tour of SRC electrical it's the real build for the great game of business was invented. Thanks for joining me in this quick little tour behind the scenes to see where the most fascinating management systems ever devised was invented. I'm Tim Francis from profit factory. See you over at our website. Profit factory.com you

Speaker 9  3:06:00
all

Speaker 1  3:06:10
right, all right, all right, all right,

Unknown Speaker  3:06:14
that is incredible,

Unknown Speaker  3:06:15
okay, oh, can't my, I can't hear you guys now? What's going on? How come I can't hear you guys? Let me just double check on connected. What's going on with Zoom,

Unknown Speaker  3:06:35
so we can talk bad about you right now, get

Unknown Speaker  3:06:37
a sound test. Can someone say hello?

Unknown Speaker  3:06:42
Talking about you. Tim,

Unknown Speaker  3:06:51
it's funny.

Speaker 1  3:06:56
Okay, I can't hear you guys at all, but if you can hear me, can you give me thumbs up, and I'll just keep going, yep, yep, okay, I'm so sorry if you're in the middle of having a great conversation. I totally just interrupted. I'm so so sorry. Hopefully my years come back here. Okay, so, yeah, of course, yeah, that makes sense. Zoom detects a problem with your audio. Yeah, I noticed. Keep on coming back. Can you hear us now? Ah, there we go. Just click back. Okay, yeah, go ahead, Lauren.

Speaker 5  3:07:27
Oh, no, I was just testing your sound. I'm thank

Unknown Speaker  3:07:30
you for being so helpful. Thank you. Thank you.

Speaker 2  3:07:33
Thank you so that company is incredible, like that is a role model, outstanding,

Speaker 6  3:07:40
and Jack. Jack is literally an American business icon. Oh, like,

Speaker 2  3:07:47
I have to tell you, have you? Have you heard of Gorman's mill in West Bank, like West Kelowna area?

Speaker 1  3:07:53
I've heard of Gorman's mill, but I haven't been

Speaker 2  3:07:56
okay. You need to interview them and put them on video when they had the fires go through Kelowna, through West Bank, the owner lost his home to the fire, but all the other people, like his employees, they actually stayed at the mill and fought the fire and protected the mill, because that was their livelihood. They love the owner. You've got to videotape them.

Speaker 1  3:08:22
Wow. Well, yeah, I'll be back in Alberta in August, and maybe, maybe that would be a good time to pop over.

Unknown Speaker  3:08:34
Love that. Okay,

Speaker 1  3:08:41
has someone grabbed the link. Lauren, would you be willing to grab the link from that last video? Do you know how to get to it, or do I need to navigate over

Unknown Speaker  3:08:48
there again? Just tell me what the title is. Again.

Speaker 1  3:08:53
It's backstage pass. So if you go to profit factories channel, you got

Unknown Speaker  3:08:58
it. I'm on it. Jack stack. It. All right, I'm on it. Here you go.

Unknown Speaker  3:09:13
Oh, did I beat you to it?

Unknown Speaker  3:09:15
You did good

Speaker 1  3:09:19
job. The different differences I had, like, a 32nd head start, I'll put so backstage pass at SRC factory where GGO was invented. So I got to tell you guys going there and actually, like, literally seeing a six foot tall income statement and balance sheet and all the rest. Was like, Oh, my God, he's serious. They actually share the numbers. And like, you go to the water fountain, and it literally says today's cash balance is and like I said on the video, it was like, you know, 400 and some $1,000 the first time I went to the factory. The second time I went, it was only like, 40. I'm like, Whoa. What went on? And. And I asked, just like a random worker, they're not the CFO, not like the VP finance, I just said, What happened to the money? He's like, Oh, what do you mean? And I said, Well, last time I was here, like three months ago, it was like 400 G's, and now it's like 30 or 40. And a worker on the factory floor said, Oh, cash went down by $400,000 because you place a down payment on a building up the road, because we're expanding and growing, and it made sense to fund it out of cash. And I'm like, Holy shit balls, amazing. So you know, as when I, when I had that experience, like I was shocked by the cash balance at the water fountain and the fact that even the public on public tours, like me could actually see it that like I went, Wow, how rational is my fear to not privately share with my private group of at the time, like three team members my cash situation. Like, it was a massive reframe, a massive, massive reframe for me, like, and it really caused me internally to shift from this business is my bank account, and this is me to this is our business. We're building together, and as soon as I allowed the team to get optics into the numbers, now they could understand why I was doing the things I was doing, and as the business is adding hundreds of 1000s of dollars in revenue over time, instead of team members going like, oh, well, you know, I can do the math. You know, we sold whatever, 20 assistants at four, 4000 a piece. That's 80 grand. Like, where's the 80 grand going? Tim must be lining his basement in Canada with gold bricks, right? Like absent knowledge when there's a vacuum, people just like, fill it in with information that is convenient or seems to make sense, irrespective whether it's accurate or not. And so I, I was just reflecting on this the other day, the power of open book management in a time like a crisis like right now, with this pandemic like I know my teammates are on social media. I know they're there to watch the news. They talk to their friends and family. There is so much chatter right now about businesses going bankrupt, and so much chatter about people losing their jobs, and so much fear out there. My team can see that we have cash. They don't have to guess or try and read between the lines of what I'm saying. They don't have to

Speaker 6  3:12:51
gossip behind the scenes, amongst them, amongst themselves. They can see that there is that there's some runway.

Speaker 1  3:13:02
And furthermore, they not only see the financial metrics and the runway, I also share with them, like, here's the leading indicators of what's going to tell us what we have in the pipeline. So we have, like Eric says, I have this many deals in continuation. I have this minute you guys saw our company scorecard. Like, it's, it's almost identical to what I showed you. I had to change a couple simple things, but it's almost identical. So, like, you know, people can see if Tim's generating no leads, if Eric has nothing in the calendar. Like, that's an uncomfortable moment to be in. We got to get going ASAP, or else we're going to start digging into the cash reserves. Right? My team doesn't need to guess or have confusion. So see you. Quinn, thanks for being here. We'll see in the Facebook group and and also say that it really even as a leader, because I know my whole team can see the numbers. Is like, what's that? Aa expression, our secrets keep us sick. Our secrets keep us sick. That's an expression from AA, right Alcoholics Anonymous, or any of the anonymous programs and and so by being transparent, I know like my team sees it, and if we got no sales for a few weeks in a row like TF, had better get on his horse and get going and generate some leads here. You know what I mean. So it's, it's pretty powerful. And my teammates have told me, when we do you know, semi annual reviews, they'll tell me, like Tim, I've never been in a business before where I get to see what's going on, and I'm so grateful that I get to be a part of the conversation and and in the YouTube video the interview I do with Jack, he shares one of the most profound things I've ever heard about business. He said in. And so very quickly, first thing you just understand a little bit about SRC and Jack stack. So SRC used to be owned by International Harvester. International Harvester makes tractors and combines and Thrashers and big industrial equipment for farms, right agricultural equipment. And International Harvester owns Springfield remanufacturing companies, what SRC stands for, and I think it was in the 80s, credit crunch. Harvester, International Harvester, the parent company was starting to lose a lot of money, and they did a margin analysis, and they said, our core competency is agricultural equipment, and we need to divest ourselves out of anything that's not our core business. And SRC was an engine remanufacturing company that remanufactured vehicles, engines for four vehicles, for cars and trucks and and, I think also for agricultural equipment too. It's that's a way different business than like, designing the next, you know, cedar that you're going to drag behind your tractor and take into the into the field. So, you know, there's this talk that harvester was either going to sell SRC or close it and and if they were to sell it, most people know that if you're going to combine businesses, there's going to be some loss of jobs, because we don't need two CEOs. You don't need two CFOs, right? There's going to be some redundancies that we can eliminate. That's one of the advantages. That's one of the advantages for a business by combining forces with by by merging and so the people at SRC got real afraid about losing their jobs and and so a group of 12 managers, led by Jack said, we're gonna go find a way to save the business. We're gonna buy it. We're going to find a way to buy the business. Now, none of them had been entrepreneurs, none of them had been CEOs. None of them had raised significant money before, but they said we're going to do it. So Jack, you know, and the 11 others, they start passing the hat, passing that just meaning going to friends and family, looking for money to invest into their purchase. And they were super excited, because after they passed the hat around all their friends and families, they pulled together, literally $100,000 and this is in 1990 1983 so they felt that they had really, you know, they had a good shot. So they contacted International Harvester and said, we'd like to buy SRC. We have $100,000 as down payment. We're ready to go SRC. I'm sorry. International Harvester laughed and said, Well, that's great. Your $100,000 is a nice start, but you're gonna need another $19.9 million to buy this business. So they were like, uh, right. So just, it just so happens that Jack opens up the newspaper and is going through the classifieds. Now, keep in the mind, keep in mind back then classifieds were the way that you, you know, before Craigslist, before eBay, that you know that was it was the classified in the newspaper, and Jack sees in the newspaper a small ad that says, seeking high growth, high risk, opportunities to invest. Call this number. Jack can't believe his eyes. He thinks, this could be my solution. He picks up the phone. He calls the number in the classified ad. It turns it it's Bank of America. Literally, the mega bank is looking to diversify their portfolio. They had too much low risk in their portfolio, and they need to take on some high risk loans to balance things out, to make the shareholders happy. So Jack says, Well, if you're looking for high risk, high reward, I've got just the deal for you. So Bank of America flies their private jet with their executives, whichever executives are sent to, like SGF, this tiny little airport which today has only four gates and barely has a control tower and very limited security and the executive steps into the SGF airport, meets Jack. Jack takes him for a tour. And and the and the, the representative from Bank of America says, Yep, this is a real business, real assets, real property, plant, equipment. Share with me your financials. We're gonna, we're gonna do this deal, right? So everyone's excited. It's looking like the deal is going to go through. They get together in a boardroom. I don't know if it's months or weeks later, when all the due diligence was done and everyone's in a very jubilant mood. We've got Jack and 11 other acquirers in the ownership group. We've got their lawyers, we've got their accountants. We've got the lawyers and accountants for International Harvester right? So they're there lawyers and accountants and executives, and we've got Bank of America lawyers and accountants and executives. There's something like 15 or 20 people in this room, and they get signing on the final purchase agreement, and they notice that there's one name missing. Out of like 35 names that have to go into this document, there's a name missing, and they're just like, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on, like, this deal is going to get blocked over missing one name. Who is it? And they look and it's this guy, Doug. They're like, who's Doug? And they say, oh, Doug, that was the loan officer who flew down in the first place and agreed to the deal and gave us the loan. So everyone looks at the BOA the Bank of America people, and says, where'd Doug go? The Bank of America people say, Oh, well, we fired Doug.

Speaker 6  3:20:33
And and so everyone's like, Well, why? Why'd you fire Doug? And they said, Well, he was just making bad loans to people like you.

Speaker 1  3:20:45
So literally, Doug loses his job over making the loan that allows Jack and the ownership group to buy Springfield remanufacturing Corporation. The deal was already too far down the path, and so they still closed on the deal. Anyways, they get the $19 million loan. They get the factory, and everyone is like cheering in the factory, in the ownership group, their friends or family, they are having this big celebration. SRC gets to stay open, but now they've got a minor detail. They've got a $19.9 million loan they have to figure out how to pay off. And none of them has been a business owner before. None of them has been a finance person before, and none of them has been a CEO before. Details, as they say, details so. So Jack ends up saying, Well, this is a team effort. Let's open up the books. I know as unconventional this is we all need to get going. And this is now a couple years into him owning the business. And Jack describes this moment when you watch the interview that I did with him, he literally says, Tim, in the first few years I ran the business, like most people run businesses, I focused on quality. I focused on process and all the rest thinking. That's what made the difference. In those days, I thought of our our product, as the product. That's what I was mastering, when, in fact, what I needed to be focusing on was the business as the product. And just like a product has features and benefits, right? You know, our engines last this long, and they weigh this much, and, you know, and there's, you know, features and benefits of that. So too, Are there features and benefits of a business? We have this many months of capital in the bank, in our war chest, we have clear financials, right? There's all these features and benefits of a well run business. And Jack said that the moment that he started viewing his business as the product, rather than engines as his product, the business started to change dramatically. Everyone started learning what makes a business run well and there was moments like someone at a workstation who normally would just shove a bolt that fell off their workstation into the trash, now realize that that bolt that was $1.50 to purchase was actually the same as selling 300 selling like $86 and started thinking about how many bolts they'd been shoving under the the mat into the trash because they fell off the workstation, and realized that they could probably save about $10,000 a year in one factory if they just didn't throw away the stuff that was kind of like leftover, if they just had a little end of day little end of day protocol, like, pick things up and put them away. And I don't remember, it's 10,000 or 12 or eight, but it was a significant amount of money. It was really powerful, because people on the team started to view the business as its whole, rather than just this tiny little workstation they were working at, or shipping boxes, or working in accounting or whatever. And and Jason, I know you got to go, so I'll just share this one last thing about open book management. This is the number one biggest thing that's required if you're going to go to Open Book management is education. If your people are given access to the numbers, but they have no idea what they're looking at, it's a train wreck if you don't know what you're looking at, which now you do because you've done your numbers. It's a train wreck. If your business partner doesn't really understand financials and is trying to lead it and teach it and lead by the numbers and be open book, it's a train wreck. You basically have to have a training program to teach people what they're looking at, whether it's a dashboard and it's a performance number, or whether it's a or whether you choose to go all the way into financial metrics as well, I'm sorry, financials as well. You need to give in. It's like you literally need to slow down and have a professional education period where people get acquainted with what they're looking. App and that for a few weeks after that, you've got a way to continue answering people's questions as you go along the way. That is the number one recommendation. I have other recommendations for open book management, but that's the number one. And I know Jason, you got to go. Thank you for being here, Jason. And if you want to stay for another minute or two, that's great. And just kind of irish exit after that. That's fine, no problem. But I did want to acknowledge you. Thank you for being here. Yeah, go ahead saying it's been great. Yes, thank you. Thank you so much. Looking forward to seeing you very soon. Lauren says that's why I need to certify people Yes, and all our people need to go through narrow numbers. Lauren, I fully agree. I think, I think a business is well suited if everyone goes through know your numbers. We actually had it teed up for all my team members to do know your numbers in Austin, and then we lost $150,000 last year. And I was like, Oh, I'm sorry, guys, I'm gonna have to cut back on that, flights and accommodations and all the rest. We're going to pick this up later. Now that we have it in recording, I think it's something that we may revisit as a team, and I'm going to have the team study. So, yes, education, major, major, major, big time. That is the number one maker to break it. Factor. Other insights related to open book is, I'd say, just read Jack's book. He talks about something called mini games. And I'll actually just give you a very quick story about mini games. A mini game is when you identify something in the company that needs to be improved. Oftentimes, we find it in the financials first, and we'll circle something specifically. And then after that, we'll say, Okay, what's the leading activity that would make the biggest difference? Right? So 8020 wise. What's the 8020 item in our income statement balance sheet and our statement of cash flows? And then from there, once you've got it circled, drill down, right, drill down. So then, from there, we create a mini game around it. So what is a mini game? A mini game is something that you do for, you know, 30 days or less. Usually 30 days or less, we've identified a key number that needs to move from one place to the next right, or from one number to another number. And you know, we need to have some rules around the game, right? Like any good game, there needs to be rules, and there also needs to be we need to know what game we're playing, right, and like it, like every good game, there's a reward to and a scoreboard. So I know that maybe sounds highly, highly theoretical, but I'll give you some examples. So there's in the great game of business, actually has a cool thing. Every year, they do something called the gathering of the games, and it's all companies that use ggob in their businesses, and they come together to share ideas and hear speakers. I was actually, I was a speaker at great game of business when I was discovered by Forbes. Forbes is in the audience and found me and approached me, and I've been a Forbes contributor since that was a really cool moment, a quick side note. And so there was a Harley Davidson location that was using the great game of business, and they wanted to. They wanted to. Their service department needed to. What was it was like, reduce the number of like returns, I think, that customers had when they're getting their Harley's fixed. There was an issue that people kept having a similar problem or something. I don't remember the exact detail. So they figured out that it was in the service department. And what we need to do is improve this one thing, which is, like, customer satisfaction, or, like, you know, money spent on on rework. And so, okay, great. So that's, that's the number that we're watching, is dollars spent on rework. Let's just say that's what it was. That's the number. Okay, great. So like a good game, we need a scoreboard, right? And so this they decided to take a pair of jeans. The pair of jeans was their scoreboard, and every time they saved $1,000 they cut an inch off from the bottom of the jeans, and so they're working their way up the two legs of the G of these jeans, right? And so it's getting shorter and shorter and shorter. And if they made it all the way to the top, that it's like a V cut, bikini cut type thing, then that was making it all the way to their goal. That was like hitting the gold standard, right? That because with a mini game, you usually want to have like bronze, silver and gold, right? So they said, you know, if we can save $50,000 that's bronze, if we can save 75 that's silver, if we hit 100 it's gold. It was something like that. And so then, so, you know, so now that we've got our game, and now. We've got our scoreboard, you know. Now we need a reward, right for winning the game. And so the reward was, if they hit the bronze standard, you know, so the jeans would be maybe around knee height or so. Then the boss was going to buy lunch for everybody and give them an afternoon off.

Speaker 1  3:30:25
That was the bronze standard, the silver standard, if they made it all the way to silver, and keep in mind that's probably thigh high or a little bit higher on the jeans, then they would it was something like they would actually have a barbecue at the owner's house, and the owner would pay for everything, so they get the afternoon off, plus the owner would cook for them and and it would be at the owner's house on the owners dime. So people thought that was pretty cool. The gold standard, though, this you guys, is unforgettable, if they hit the gold standard, which was, you know, something like $100,000 in $100,000 in like found profit from the service department. Not only would they get the afternoon off, not only would the owner provide dinner, not only would the owner cook for them at the owner's personal residence, the owner would also be cooking while wearing the scoreboard.

Speaker 6  3:31:36
And if we've hit the gold standard, that pair of jeans is awfully short.

Speaker 1  3:31:47
How hard do you think that service department worked to get their act together and eliminate that rework to bump department profits up by 100 G's? They killed themselves and in the process, they discovered new ways of doing things. They set up new templates, new habits, new rituals. They tuned up their teammates so they're better trained. Everyone was playing to win big time in that direction. So and the stories of the great game of business being rolled out that way are absolutely extraordinary, like the stories in there. So I took that idea into one of my client companies. There's a company that I helped is an internet marketing company, and in this internet marketing company, it's a young staff, right? I think there's about 20 people in the staff that worked in the office. And it was, I actually was on site in this particular office. And so we were going for a broader goal, which was just, how do we increase company found so profit, pre tax, profit. And this specifically, we said, found profit, so finding new profit in the business and and so, you know? So we had a conversation with the 20 staff members, like, what are some ways we could find new profit? Where could we find expenses to cut? Where could we find new revenue? On and on and on and on. So then we said, Okay, what's the theme? Right? So, the previous theme was barbecuing. That was the Harley Davidson dealership. They picked that theme. This company picked beach days. They picked beach days. But it wasn't D, A, y, s, it was D, A, z, E, like, I'm in a days, right? Beach days? Okay, keep mine. It's a young company. I don't think there was anyone over the age of 40. Average age in that office was like 27 it was like, mostly dudes. Okay, just keep that in mind, right? So, the the the bronze standard. Oh, and by the way, the mannequin. The mannequin was they I said, What do you want as a scoreboard? They said, We want a mannequin, and we're going to spray tan this mannequin, because it's beach days, you're going to spray tan the mannequin based on our success. And I said, Okay, that's super creative. I love that. Now, here's here's what I request in return is, if you're going to have a mannequin, I want that mannequin to be drilled onto a platform that rolls around so we can move this mannequin anywhere in the office. That's a quick tip. If you have a 3d scoreboard that can move around in a physical office, it just becomes part of the everyday conversation, and people's awareness of the goal goes through the roof. So this poor staff, I'm sorry this. So this staff did not hold back with how much fun they had with the mannequin. Okay? They started including this mannequin in their daily huddle in the morning, right? And so there'd be like 19 people in this in a circle, and then this mannequin standing there with a spur with spray tan from the toes to the ankles, then the next day, might be up the shins a bit, and then towards the knees, right? And so this mannequin just getting rolled. Around the office. Then after that, it goes to the next level. They hide the mannequin in the bathroom stall. And so there's people who badly need to go use the restroom, and they open up the bathroom stall, and there's this mannequin staring back at them. Oh, my God, is terrifying, right? So then after that, they stuff the mannequin in the utility closet, and the poor cleaning staff that comes at night to come clean the place opens the door, the the lights are a little dim, and they're seeing this human shape in the closet, freaking out. So I was like, oh my god, this is working better than expected. Everyone is is thinking about this, this mannequin and this game all the time. So I said, Okay, great. So rewind it a little bit. So I said, Okay, mannequin put it on wheels. So after I said, All right, we need to see a gold, silver and bronze. And so we said, bronze was $150,000 found net, found profit. PBT, profit for tax. Silver's 200 and gold is 250 now let's think about that for a sec. If we find $100,000

Unknown Speaker  3:36:08
in PBT,

Speaker 1  3:36:10
that's insane, right? And I'm charging $1,000 an hour. I my total fee to be there, I think, ended up being about 25 grand, about 25 hours of consulting. If we find 100 GS in PBT, I've earned my keep big time. And that's not even the bronze standard. They said, 125 I'm sorry, 150 it was 150 so I said, Okay, 150 it is. And so then I said to the CEO and the CFO, okay, we need the people to come up with what the prize is, guys, what would be worth it if you're gonna work hard to find profit the company. And they said, You know what we want, we want. We want a pizza party in the office. And in my head, I'm thinking, a pizza party in the office for 150 G's. You guys need more creativity. But I was like, okay, that's what you want. That's it's gonna be and I said, How are we gonna make this Beachy? And they said, We're gonna make it Hawaiian, pizza. I'm like, Okay, sounds good. So I said, Okay, guys, I think you can amp this up a bit if we find $200,000 in PBT for the company. What? What would really get you excited to just smash this thing out of that, you know, out of the park?

Unknown Speaker  3:37:14
And they said, You know what?

Speaker 1  3:37:17
And it's gonna be Beachy. We want, we want the day off so we can go to the water park and so, you know, so I look at the CEO and see if I'm like, can you guys afford that a day off? And on and on. And they're looking at me. They're like, for 200 G's, PBT, absolutely. I we will give them all the day off, and in fact, we'll even go for a night on the town afterwards. And I was like, Okay, perfect. There you go. Guys, off you go. Now. What about the gold standard? What about the gold standard? If we find $250,000 PBT, how much? What's going to get you guys motivated? And like, I want you guys really to think creative about this. And they said, we want the day off. We want to go to the water park. We want the owner to take us out for a net on the town. We want the following Monday off as well. And we also want to see the owner in a leopard skin print Speedo at the water park. And I was like, Oh my God. And the whole boardroom was just like, oh.

Speaker 6  3:38:21
So I look again to the CFO and the CEO, I'm like, Can we do it? And the CFO is like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And the CEO is just like, No, no, no, no, no, no, no. And just through the magic of peer pressure, the CEO finally says, I'll do it. You guys, they did not find $150,000 of PBT. They did not find $200,000

Speaker 1  3:38:47
of PBT. They did not find $250,000 of PBT. This team, in 74 days, found $472,500

Speaker 6  3:39:00
of found PBT, holy shitballs. Oh my God.

Speaker 1  3:39:08
And so I personally went to the water park that day and met them and took a picture with them. And sure enough, the CEO in his hand in the picture has this leopard skin print, speedo, mind blowing, mind blowing. So a bit of the moral of story here is, when a business gets to that certain size, we can use something like a mini game to really motivate the internal team to go and find whatever solutions it is that we're looking for. When a business gets a little more complicated, we've got a dozen employees plus the CEO doesn't have their eye on every single bit anymore, and now we need the people who are actually holding the tools and on the front lines. We need. Them to be coming up with solutions, because they're the ones actually seeing what's going on. So we need to find a way to get people engaged and and a mini game does just absolute wonders to make that happen. So so if you're going to do mini games, those are some key factors, and the more fun that it is, the more the better it is. And another key point is, Jack says this all the time is, people support what they help create. People support what they help create. Had I just said to those guys, you guys get Apple Watches for hitting $250,000 Oh, they probably would have been excited, but it is nowhere near the level of motivation as being able to scare the shit out of each other with this mannequin every single day and then to get their CEO to wear a leopard skin Prince Speedo was a whole other galaxy of excitement and engagement, and I wouldn't come up with that on my own. I can credit them for doing it. All I did was lead the process people support what they helped

Speaker 5  3:41:06
create. What was the second question that you asked? You said, what was the leading activity that something?

Speaker 1  3:41:16
So I think I said something like, what's the leading activity that leads to the financial result, right? Yeah, okay, cool, awesome. Okay, great. So we got a few more questions here.

Unknown Speaker  3:41:30
Let's just see where we're at.

Speaker 1  3:41:34
Okay? So Peter Lee, what rhythms to stay on top of financials before passing off to bookkeeper, accountant? We talked about that. We talked about what happens, quarterly, weekly, monthly. I also really recommend this is a great tip. I got this from Charles bird is using Evernote to capture receipts. Oh, my goodness, very, very fast, which is really, really great. And you can just share that workbook with your account, okay, quinvo, how to see trends. We talked about that. We definitely, definitely talked about that. What numbers to track and measure to move the needle, financial numbers, management numbers. So financial numbers. We talked about our financials. We talked about diamond financials. Management numbers that's like your your dashboard for your team, those are some great management numbers. Something I didn't mention during the course, but is another great tip is in a service based business. In fact, I'm going to write this down for myself in my notes on some things to improve

Speaker 1  3:42:40
in a service based business, our top asset is human energy and and the way that we measure that in finance anyways, is our labor cost. And we can see if a business is getting better at delivering a product or service. I'm sorry, a product, a physical product, if we look at cogs as a percentage of revenue, right, in a physical goods business, the way that we see, if we're getting more and more efficient at delivering services is total labor divided by revenue, right? So a really good management metric, when we're talking just pure financials in especially specifically in a in a service based business, is to divide labor by total labor dollars by total revenue dollars, to get that percentage, and ideally want to see that percentage Go down over time, also related to, also related to service based businesses, is the idea of utilization rate. And utilization rate, what that means is, what percentage of this person's time is billable, is billable at at full rate, right? So utilization rate is a major metric in law offices where they want their lawyers on the phone billing, you know, on billable hours as much as possible. Engineering firms, accounting firms, like bigger firms, where it's not owner operated and the lawyer is just a lawyer, the account is just accountant, not also the business owner. That utilization rate is a really big deal, and that's more of a management metric where we're saying, you know, of a person's eight hours in the day, how many blocks in their calendar are client facing versus how many hours are not client facing, right? Or, you know, depending on the situation, may be different way to say it is build versus not build, because sometimes we have non client facing time that is billable for example.

Unknown Speaker  3:44:45
Okay,

Speaker 1  3:44:52
okay, great, okay, by the way, the whole topic of KPIs is like, there's one. Books written on the kinds of KPIs that you can have in a business. I think at the end of the day, we need to measure what matters. That's actually the title of a book. I haven't read that book, but someone gifted it to me. And really there's a diminishing returns curve, like if you measure a few things, you'll get a lot of spike in performance. And then as you measure more more more more things, and you get more and more data, It really tailors off. And it's actually not even diminishing returns. It's a bell curve. It's the shape of a bell curve where it actually prevents you from actually doing your real job, because you spend all day doing data right?

Unknown Speaker  3:45:31
Okay, next question,

Speaker 1  3:45:37
tools and templates to help with financial numbers and management numbers. We definitely covered that today. And then how does surgeon in the room apply to all five levels? You know what? I think I unexpectedly answered that by saying that there's an 8020 in each 8020 level, and that there's a surgeon in the room of all them. Well, that's pretty cool. Quinn, you're ahead of us all. You're ahead of your head of the curve. I love that.

Unknown Speaker  3:46:03
Okay,

Speaker 1  3:46:04
incredibly, I have gotten to the absolute end of all the questions that were submitted last night. If I missed any questions in the chat box, I apologize. Let's, let's take those questions over to you know, if you feel like your questions law hasn't been answered, then maybe if you'd be so kind as to copy and paste or to just rewrite your question in the Facebook group for alumni of know your numbers, we can, we can work on it that way. This took only two hours and 20 minutes to go through all the questions. And we've got a couple hard course who stayed all the way to the end, Denise, my EAS here, and Jim is still here, and Lauren is still here. So I'm just gonna give a big round of applause to the iron folk, Iron Men and iron women of this call. And I think we should wrap it up here. Any final words Lauren or Jim or Denise, before we hang this thing up?

Speaker 2  3:46:59
Yes. Thanks for sticking around answering questions. I appreciate it. It was a good class,

Speaker 1  3:47:05
awesome. Thank you, Jim. You're most welcome. You're most most welcome. My friend, thank you for sticking around as well. Lauren. Go ahead.

Speaker 5  3:47:12
I was just gonna give you some major kudos for pivoting on the spot and making something that was not virtual, and crushing it as somebody who's done in person once and now virtual. Yeah, it's it's tough, but I almost kind of like virtual better.

Speaker 1  3:47:32
And what causes you to say that?

Speaker 5  3:47:35
Um, well, I think one I, I am a very detailed note taker, and so this actually allowed me to work more efficiently instead of trying to type on my iPad. So that was one thing, um, but I think the other thing that, honestly, I really appreciated was how much we all connected in chat, like there were some really great things that were going on in chat. A couple times it was distracting, but not really. It was mostly really valuable, and I don't know. So for me, I felt like I absorbed actually a lot more because I was able to focus in my natural habitat, if you will.

Speaker 1  3:48:15
Oh, very cool. And, and, and you could pass notes. You could pass notes in class to everyone, not just the person next to you.

Speaker 5  3:48:23
It's true. It's true. So anyway, great job. Thanks for staying on so late. I love your little nuggets. That's why I stayed on like you just dropped great little nuggets.

Speaker 1  3:48:34
Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Most welcome. Most welcome. Glad to be here. Love to share. Love to help entrepreneurs. That's great. And Denise, is there anything else you wanted to share before we hang up? If she's not asleep at her keyboard yet,

Speaker 7  3:48:49
I'm not asleep. I was actually stretching. You know, I'm still clothed, and I didn't put my video on, so you didn't see that. I

Speaker 6  3:49:01
That's awesome. Are you related to Keith Cunningham? No, no.

Speaker 7  3:49:12
I was gonna say, Yeah, we can't have beach days in San Diego because they closed them all down. Oh,

Speaker 1  3:49:20
that's too bad. That's too bad. I don't know if my team would work harder or less hard, if, if the if the goal was me wearing a speedo to a beach. I am unclear. I'm unclear on that. It may be, it may be a negative impact on productivity.

Unknown Speaker  3:49:36
So I have

Unknown Speaker  3:49:38
no doubt that you would do it, though

Unknown Speaker  3:49:42
they're like, Tim, you're too willing.

Speaker 7  3:49:45
You're like, I'm gonna put on some cowboy boots and a cowboy hat. Just

Unknown Speaker  3:49:51
kind of Speedo. Let's get Britt speed up.

Unknown Speaker  3:49:54
Oh goodness, yes

Speaker 7  3:49:56
indeed. I can put some chaps over the speed. Yeah,

Speaker 1  3:50:01
oh my god, see, you know, it's not even what's not even, like, I can't even escape that one because in Canada, I literally do have assless chaps and and they're just in, like, I mean, I would wear them with clothes underneath them to, like, theme days at school and whatnot. So they are one shipment away. If I just sent my mom a message in Canada, it could become a reality.

Speaker 5  3:50:28
You know, all shops are assets, right? Like, there's, I know, Uber pants,

Speaker 1  3:50:33
yes, indeed, yeah. I just, I feel like, yeah, it just, it just adds to the story. If we just kind of like add that extra adjective in there. So that's good, all right. Well, now that we're really ending on a high note talking about chaps, or chaps, I think is how they're properly said. Yes, chefs, thank you, Shaps, yeah, I was corrected when I hosted that TV show. I was corrected that's not chaps, it's shops. And I just want to thank everyone for your tenacity and your commitment to learning. We share that alike the commitment to mastery. Thank everybody. We will get these recordings up ASAP, and we will see you soon in the Facebook group and everywhere else. See

Unknown Speaker  3:51:13
ya. Thanks. Tim.

Speaker 6  3:51:14
All right. Thank you. Take care. Thanks, Jim. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai