Matthias Miller  00:44
Hey, how's it going? Hey, hello, did you

Speaker 1  00:53
have specific things you're going to talk about? I think I have a number of questions, but

Matthias Miller  01:02
no go

Speaker 1  01:05
ahead, need to figure out where I was again. We this is just a side note, but we should nitpick through all the calculations at some point again to make sure things are sane. After a whole switch, I fixed a couple bugs I just found Okay. Found and maybe that's just, maybe that's just me, and I should go dig through and make sure they're the same as the old one. That would be fair, like a lot of them are, but I should double check.

Matthias Miller  01:35
If you have an easy way to do that, that'd be great.

Speaker 1  01:38
I think I can pretty easily follow shoot tax rate. Stuff has changed. I think some of the old rows event rows were at a 6% tax rate, and then everything changed to seven, or vice versa or something on those test records, and some numbers are different, but I'll look into it

Matthias Miller  02:08
and see force it back. I mean, you can force test records one way or another.

Unknown Speaker  02:12
Yeah, see what all I have noted down.

Speaker 1  02:24
Did I have outstanding questions on our chat? Feel like I asked some things that were more important than I have noted down in my task

Matthias Miller  02:32
I'm pretty sure came back. The last chat for you from you was,

Speaker 1  02:41
think most of my stuff today was on the main chat.

Matthias Miller  02:48
Just go through here.

Speaker 1  02:56
Okay, here's the number one. How are we handling overpayments?

Matthias Miller  03:04
You can't currently record an overpayments. It's only by amending an invoice.

Speaker 1  03:12
But it can happen with like forgiveness. Forgiveness, it can be off mildly or with if rates would if we do, we support changing rates for invoiced sales orders, I would think not sales order, sales contract invoices. I would assume we need to. I would

Matthias Miller  03:35
assume we need to at some in some form or fashion.

Speaker 1  03:38
Yeah. So what does that mean for because that could also cause overpayments or underpayments? I

Matthias Miller  04:06
Well, okay, so salesx restriction changes in the short term are just going to be manual.

Speaker 1  04:16
Right now, I don't have any way to go in and edit the the invoice. RG, something's invoiced already. It's just going to be recorded at that rate.

Matthias Miller  04:34
Like this might be a Okay, obvious solutions. When you go to forgive and the new balance and the fees already been paid in some part, then ask the user, what do you want to do? And there's three. There's a few options apply. To the earliest open invoice, which is weird, because it'll be a prepayment. But whatever it means that your payments because of forgiveness, currently, we say you can only pay in order, which means that your payments might not actually be in order, which means if you refund that payment, then you get really weird stuff.

Speaker 1  05:33
No, yikes. It's just, I don't think, I don't think we can allow people to decide where it goes at the point of forgiveness, I think you have to handle overpayment from the whiskey. Maybe not, because then you have to think about, if you're going to reallocate, you have to think about the potential that they are completely, I mean, it's weird, but they're completely current. They paid this month's invoice. Next month's invoice isn't out yet, and so we need to, I mean, I guess we could know that we do that in the whole forgive process. You have to have an X 30 list, and if we might, yeah.

Matthias Miller  06:25
What would be the implication of having forgiveness? Because previously we said, well, you don't do forgiveness in here. Wait, I thought, well, previously we said, you have to know good,

Speaker 1  06:35
the forgiveness has to have. The right now has to happen from the database.

Matthias Miller  06:45
Okay, why couldn't you say if you want to forgive a fee for something that's been paid, you have to think

Speaker 1  07:03
mean, can you be thinking we figured out what subtitle will get it to work?

Matthias Miller  07:11
No What If? Hang on.

Matthias Miller  07:27
Um, if you what, if we just say you can never forgive a fee that's been paid. And so if you need to forgive a fee that's been paid, you have to go, I mean, go temporarily, move the payment to a security deposit, forgive the fee, come back and pay it. Or or edit the payment, defer the fee and come back and forgive it. It's simple.

Speaker 1  08:02
You would for you're saying, if you want to forgive part good, you want to forgive a certain part of it, then you you defer, you apply it to a later invoice.

Matthias Miller  08:15
Well, actually, before you forgive, it doesn't matter which way you go, you always go back and edit the payment. What are your options? Well, you can what would makes most sense is you defer the fee on that payment, and then you get to figure out, do you want to refund the balance? Do you want to apply to the security deposit, or do you want to apply to the next period you make save the payment done now the fees not paid, you go in to forgive it. The main thing that we need is that if you try to forgive a fee that's paid, we say, can't do it. You have to go edit payments to mark this as not paid, and then you can forgive it.

Unknown Speaker  08:52
So if they want to do a partial forgiveness, they have to jiggle the payment first,

Matthias Miller  08:59
go ahead of the payment and defer part of the part that they want to forgive. Man, that's why. Not enough. Thank you.

Speaker 1  09:12
Don't allow forgiving. Partially paid

Matthias Miller  09:19
net, well, don't forgive. Don't allow forgiving more than what's unpaid. If it's a $7 fee and they pay two, you can forgive five.

Speaker 1  09:31
No but then you get you get off by a cent pretty easily,

Matthias Miller  09:42
because your tax changes,

Speaker 1  09:44
yeah, because we're calculating, we're trying to guess how much if you pay $2 of a taxable, $7 fee, we guess how much of that was subtotal, how much was tax, and then we give you a subtotal balance. And. What I was doing is saying you can't pay more than the subtotal balance, but then, depending how the numbers work out, you end up paying one cent too much, right?

Matthias Miller  10:09
But if you go in and amend the payment, wait a minute, though. So that was where I that's that's

Speaker 1  10:19
only I wasn't going to let them pay something, forgive something that's already paid. It's just we get off by a cent potentially, and we need to be able to handle one cent discrepancy. I mean, yeah, somehow need to handle it, if you but

Matthias Miller  10:42
don't you have that problem with a $7 fee?

Unknown Speaker  10:48
Not What do you mean?

Matthias Miller  10:50
Like, let's say you defer

Matthias Miller  10:59
the late fee. Okay? And the difference between and the invoice total is there a world in which the invoice total, with the fee, the calculated payment amount, is different in some way from I don't know how to say this. Why is it? Why is it a problem between, like, paying $2 versus $5 and paying $0 versus $7 I like, don't you have the same issue with when you just don't pay the fee at all, but you've paid part of the period?

Speaker 1  11:41
Oh, because tax is on the whole thing, right? Yeah, possibly Yes.

Matthias Miller  11:51
Could we just shrug and say, If you forgive tax,

Unknown Speaker  11:58
we don't forgive tax. I Okay, we forgive taxable subtotal.

Matthias Miller  12:10
If you forgive taxable subtotal, you keep any rounding discrepancies. That's ugly.

Unknown Speaker  12:20
That's ugly. You

Matthias Miller  12:21
are amending the invoice. The problem is, okay. So then we're back, man, you poked a hole in my utopian idea.

Speaker 1  12:35
And that's my job. These days, I poke a lot of holes in utopian ideas.

Matthias Miller  12:40
So sad. Okay, so then we're back to saying, If you it does make me wonder whether we're fundamentally modeling this right. I think, I think part of the

Unknown Speaker  12:51
for what for forgiveness,

Matthias Miller  12:53
yeah, I I think part of the pro and con is that it's tightly coupled. In a typical accounting system, it wouldn't be this tightly coupled, and you could do whatever you want. And so you kind of pick your poison. But I think what this means is that we need forgiveness in the payment portal

Speaker 1  13:21
so that we think Jonathan's day. Oh, okay, no, it won't. It will make him very unhappy.

Matthias Miller  13:30
But how else do we decide? I mean, because you need to know if you're going to forgive a fee, you need to know what the new invoice total is, so that you can you can apply the payment correctly, and unless you you write it off as a rounding error.

Unknown Speaker  13:48
I mean, I think you're right, although

Speaker 1  13:57
I don't know how much that's gonna that would require him to change things right now. He doesn't do any calculation stuff. He's just straight up pulling invoices in. So the point where we need to say, hey, we're going to apply a fee. What would this apply forgiveness, which reduces taxable suburban he has to start doing calculations. He didn't have to do well.

Matthias Miller  14:18
But he could also say, I'm planning to forgive, here's here's what I'm planning to pay and here's what I'm planning to forgive. Tell me the new subtotal. It would tell him what, what it is,

Unknown Speaker  14:37
okay? And then that would

Speaker 1  14:45
not, I don't know if I'm fully tracking so you're saying you would, you would, if you're planning to do that, that would actually go stomp it in as a pending or something and rewrite everything. No.

Matthias Miller  15:00
It would just be, maybe I'm maybe this is completely that

Speaker 1  15:04
at that point we're gonna have to start sharing all my nasty Field change logic.

Matthias Miller  15:18
Okay, can we say you can't do

Matthias Miller  15:43
from an accounting Okay, from a pragmatic accounting perspective, if I write off a fee, why do I care if there's a weird one cent discrepancy somewhere, as long as it's accounted for, and I'll have to think about it. I

Unknown Speaker  16:03
it, I don't know that you care.

Matthias Miller  16:09
So why wouldn't we just maintain if it's in the government's favor, we call it tax, and we remit the tax to the government, and if it's in the customer's payment a favor, then we report an underpayment and we write off the expense.

Matthias Miller  16:29
How would you field it? I

Speaker 1  16:40
Let's see if I can find one of my example ones.

Matthias Miller  16:46
It would be me think

Matthias Miller  16:56
on the My instinct is on the forgiveness row. No, My instinct is, oh, you're going to hate me for this too. I'm

Unknown Speaker  17:26
here's one where there's a three cent overpayment. It was $8 and they had paid 740, of it. Eight. Wait ending up

Speaker 1  17:51
it's not even showing the itemization. It's just, we just have a discrepancy sitting in the balance on the invoice.

Speaker 1  18:08
This one was, I think they paid. I wish I knew for me, if I can tell from it, modification history, they had paid

Matthias Miller  18:32
it, did you know that we would have to deal with this if we treated this Like credit memo? Because, in fact, we could go ahead

Speaker 1  18:45
so it wouldn't you would give them a credit memo for the tax amount, and then you eat the tax, right?

Matthias Miller  18:53
Well, you just reported this negative revenue to the state. The main thing that you need to know, then,

Speaker 1  19:05
then we can't. Are you still going to report on which then we is it that we lose our our reporting on what fees were forgiven?

Unknown Speaker  19:20
Right?

Matthias Miller  19:26
Okay, here's how I think it works in my mind, when

Matthias Miller  19:38
you forgive a fee in the payment portal, you say, when I forgive $7 if it's taxable, you take $7 times, say 7% which is 49 cents. So you report negative revenue of $7 and and subtract 49 cents from your sales tax liability. You give the customer a $7.49 cent credit that then that can then be applied however. You want to, does that simplify anything?

Speaker 1  20:21
Then we have, then we allow them to, they need to have an option to pay by credit. Probably, well,

Matthias Miller  20:29
when you amend the payment, somehow we would figure out if, when you're forgiving a fee, we would figure out which you have left over. And

Speaker 1  20:46
then we don't have the we don't have linking, we won't be able to report saying we forgave these fees, right?

Matthias Miller  20:54
Yeah, you would.

Speaker 1  20:57
Or would you say, when you create your credit memo, you say we're giving this because of this row.

Matthias Miller  21:04
Yeah, okay, imagine the existing data model, but on the forgiveness row, you freeze the tax amount, and then for your what is currently owed on the row, take the original subtotal times the original times the tax rate, minus forgiveness, each forgiveness line item times a tax rate, and that's what's that's what's owed.

Speaker 1  21:31
I'm, are you saying? Are you talking about credit memos, still? Are you switching to the forgiveness I'm,

Matthias Miller  21:41
forget, forget, forget credit memos. Let me make it. Try to make it super simple, what if you had, what if you had tax on the original subtotal frozen, and then you calculated tax on each forgiveness row, and then when you when the net liability, the net subtotal and net tax amount on the itemization row or on the invoice is original subtotal times tax, minus each forgiveness line item times tax, and the invoice, in some sense, is calculated like a statement, not like an actual invoice. You're not amending the invoice. It's it's a credit by which tax gets calculated separately.

Unknown Speaker  22:43
What happens if rates change?

Matthias Miller  22:57
I think, I think you've just impose the Original rate.

Speaker 1  23:21
Okay, I have another question now, because that gets us stuck again on that taxes back to being on the item rather than the invoice, at least some of the time.

Matthias Miller  23:32
Okay, I have another question. Yeah, what if we had something? What if we had security deposit CRA and temporary recredit? And

Unknown Speaker  23:51
the temporary credit is what you throw rounding issues into.

Matthias Miller  23:56
Well, you give a fee, you forgive a fee, and if it's paid, you throw the difference into temporary credit, and you then need to you

Matthias Miller  24:26
and then, effectively, you would have to go into the payment to edit it, to get rid of

Unknown Speaker  24:59
it i.

Matthias Miller  25:12
What it would let you do is

Matthias Miller  25:24
was this even better, though? How is this any better?

Matthias Miller  25:40
Do we let you forgive fees on anything? I mean, I assume you can only forgive fees on if you're forgiving fees on something that's paid.

Speaker 1  25:49
Right now, I only let you forgive the unpaid portion,

Matthias Miller  25:56
but you still have rounding issues, and you're going to be you're going to have that if anything's paid. Okay? So again, let's be super dumb. You can't forgive a fee. Why did? Why can't we do this? You can't forgive a fee on a partially paid invoice because of rounding issues, right? And so you you edit the payment, you fully convert it to a security deposit, temporarily. What is it? Okay? Go ahead, and then you you forgive the fee, and then you go back to that payment, and you reapply that payment. You

Speaker 1  26:42
Yeah, so problems, we can't have security deposit on a CRA contract.

Speaker 1  26:52
We I like the idea in general. Okay, we can't. So security deposit on CRA is one thing, and then we'd also have, right now to pay into security deposit. You have to create a security deposit invoice. So we'd have to create that, and we presumably have the $0 security deposit invoice floating around afterwards, or something, which is a little weird.

Matthias Miller  27:18
Okay, so what if we call it? What if we go back to my idea of temporary credit

Matthias Miller  27:29
or, okay, Here's another thing. What is the worst possible thing?

Speaker 1  27:42
I still wonder, is there something we can do if there's an overpayment, like if, if you apply your forgiveness and, oh, shoot, now there's three cents off because our subtotal is different. Is there? Can we just throw those three cents somewhere, or is that too weird? Is it better to take everything off the payment first, forgive the fee, come back? No, we're still going to end up if we do that, aren't we still going to end up with extra. It's just that when we come back to apply the payment, we'll have to put those, those three cents somewhere else, right?

Matthias Miller  28:31
Yeah, I Okay. I have another idea. You're gonna get tired of my relentless ideation, but let's, let's break the rule that says that a payment has to be applied to anything. Now I'm not sure what the downstream implications are. So all you do, you go into your payment, you say, unassigned payment. We just got money. Okay, great. Now, obviously this is blinking lights and sirens like you can't just keep it like this, but you want to sign it, we recognize it as a liability of some kind, a customer deposit, presumably, or something like that. It's a little weird, but kind of like that. And then you forgive the fee, and then you go back in and you reassign the payment, which means that if you need to, you can roll back as far as you need to in order to get,

Matthias Miller  29:41
like, if you need to go back six periods and you need to fix six periods, you you go back one, you unroll one, unroll two, unroll three, UNrun roll four, and you have to reapply them in in sequential order.

Speaker 1  30:00
So you're saying, if you'd want to forgive a late fee from three months ago, you'd have and they've paid forward a month or two, you have to start at the most recent one. Unlike it, unlink it. Unlink it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  30:24
why does it have to happen? And oh, so that your that initial payment, the three cents get applied to the next invoice rather than the last one. I mean just because,

Matthias Miller  30:38
I mean the payment portal is enforcing the process you you want payments. Payment should apply sequentially. I mean, payments, invoices should be applied sequentially, like we don't let you pay for so if you need to go two months back, you have to unroll that. Take the earliest payment, forgive the fee. Take the earliest payment. Apply it. Figure out where you're at. The next payment. Apply it. Figure out where you're at, and keep going the whole way through.

Unknown Speaker  31:27
All this stuff is just nasty.

Matthias Miller  31:38
Do we have a mechanism by which we could then say, I kind of like this. I don't know if Dwayne well, but by which we could say, if you don't tie out the payments, we will automatically as part of auto pay. Before auto pay runs nightly, it goes through and looks for unassigned payments and applies them in default order every night, so this money won't stay hanging around if you forget to do anything. We'll just take the logical order next time you run and that's on you, and we'll leave a note to say what we did so

Matthias Miller  32:47
and if you do that, I

Speaker 1  32:49
think that's relatively sane. I'm just I'm not loving any of the solutions. Feels really bulky to me. To unapply payments and then reapply them

Matthias Miller  33:03
well, and you don't actually, if we have an auto apply type of thing, you don't actually have to unapply. You can just forgive it. And you now have an overpayment hanging around that you got to do something with. And there's a notice that pops up somewhere saying that, look, you have an overpayment of three cents or whatever. And if you don't do anything, we'll automatically apply it to, to the next invoice,

Speaker 1  33:25
to the very next invoice, because then we have to start jiggling all sorts of payment rows potentially.

Matthias Miller  33:32
Well, you can't forgive you. I mean, you can only forgive if you want to do anything except the latest one, latest unpaid one. You can forgive fees on any unpaid one, and you can forgive fees on the latest partially paid one or the latest paid one, but you can't forgive fees before that. And so if you want to go back three months, if they paid a fee three months ago, this is just stupid, but if we need to do it,

Speaker 1  34:00
go ahead. We don't let them pay something that they paid months ago, or forgive something you're saying they partially paid, and then CRM made an exception for them or something, right?

Matthias Miller  34:16
And if it results in an overpayment for that invoice, then we'll just say, hey tonight. The advantage is it keeps it keeps this payment allocation in whiskey land. I don't know if you if that makes it sounds to me like that makes a difference. And we'll just say, Look, you have an unapplied payment. It's going to be automatically applied to the next invoice tonight. I

Unknown Speaker  34:54
and so forgiveness would stay the same as it is now.

Speaker 1  35:01
Right? Yeah. We just look at we do our best to cap. We look at your subtotal balance, which is our educated guess on which is your

Matthias Miller  35:13
well, we don't care. At this point, you take the latest paid or partially paid. It doesn't matter whether it's a rounding error, whether it's $5

Speaker 1  35:24
you're saying, we're just going to look at invoice balances, and if any invoice balances are negative, we're going to go reapply that extra.

Matthias Miller  35:43
I would make an argument that you would change the payment. Okay? I have one more iteration. Winsky portal, completely different screen, forgive a fee. What? What periods are you forgiving? And, and it shows or what fee and period, I don't know what check off all the fees that you can forgive.

Matthias Miller  36:17
It. Is there a way? Does it make it simpler to have it apply that partial payment, the leftover, the balance, whatever, to the next invoice at that point? Do

Matthias Miller  36:45
I still the same complexity, don't you?

Speaker 1  36:48
I think so. It's because, again, it's gonna have to apply the forgiveness rows and save before I'm gonna know what all the overpayments are, right? I don't That's all. That all happens when you calculate on field change, right? There's no way to smartly, I mean, no way. I'm sure there's some way to do it, but it'd be ridiculously complex and very prone to breakage.

Matthias Miller  37:21
Is it possible to put this into an uninterruptible X 30 list, such that x 30 list number one forgives the fee, or x 31 forgives the fee, X 32 finds the overpayment and applies it to the next invoice and still share component tree.

Unknown Speaker  37:50
I think so. So it would we'd apply our forgiveness row save,

Speaker 1  37:59
which then are we at all scared about that, possibly locking stuff up? I mean, it's fast, though

Matthias Miller  38:05
it's fast. Forgiveness is a rare Yeah.

Speaker 1  38:12
So it would, it would save and then we'd say, Oh, I have, I've got an overpaid balance. Find my last

Unknown Speaker  38:24
payment. Find my last payment row that I paid on

Speaker 1  38:32
or sorry, like in this example, where it's invoice 75 I forgave you. Went and forgave 60 cents because you didn't want them to have money lying around. So you it first does that, adds the forgiveness, and then it says, oh, shoot, I think I forget 45 and then 15 to help make it be more off, sure that. And it says, oh, shoot, you've got a three cent discrepancy. I'm going to figure out what was my last payment for this invoice. We're going to go look, oh, there was only one payment. That's my last one for the invoice. I'm going to reduce that by that three cents, and then I need to find a place to go apply my last three cents, right? And so that would need to create a payment row, which then you get nasty stuff of what happens if it's like, what if they were paying from security deposit? Well, you need to make sure you the new one you're creating. I mean, it has to match payment type and everything, right?

Matthias Miller  39:44
You basically have to clone the row, right? But apply it

Speaker 1  39:49
to different just apply it to a different invoice with a different amount. Everything else seems to be the same. Yeah.

Speaker 1  40:00
So that needs to go find the earliest unpaid invoice. What do we do if there's no unpaid invoices,

Matthias Miller  40:08
then theoretically we should create one. But what happens if they're catching up on a late on an EPO? Okay? I mean, this is just a dumb thing, okay? But

Matthias Miller  40:24
I keep talking in circles.

Speaker 1  40:32
Clearly, there's some way out of the hole. Well,

Matthias Miller  40:38
the most obvious one to me is that you can't forgive fees on an invoice that's been partially paid, and if You need to, then,

Speaker 1  40:57
could you doesn't quite work. If you really wanting to, couldn't you tell them? Well, fine. I mean, we you can't forgive it, but you can give them a credit for this much. We don't

Matthias Miller  41:13
have a way to give them credits

Speaker 1  41:20
other than our current I mean, give them a way to add a credit here to a current invoice or something, so

Matthias Miller  41:33
you would have a credit for prior period.

Unknown Speaker  41:38
I don't know. I don't think I love it.

Speaker 1  41:47
Do you think forgiving fees on partially paid invoices is pretty common, well common, as in on the scale of when they forgive fees?

Matthias Miller  41:57
I doubt it. I I

Matthias Miller  42:08
have another question. I

Matthias Miller  42:23
when we figure out how much you can forgive,

Unknown Speaker  42:27
could we be smart and make it work out?

Matthias Miller  42:31
Just set the cap so you can never run into a rounding problem like I take the current fee paid balance, plus all prior fees, figure out the subtotal, truncate it to two decimals and say, No, you round up.

Matthias Miller  43:11
In other words, if you have a partially paid, if something is partially paid, you might leave a one cent balance on the late fee. Whoop, you do. Sorry, dude, should have asked earlier.

Unknown Speaker  43:30
Nice, yeah, think we could

Matthias Miller  43:35
probably do that. What do you think of that?

Speaker 1  43:37
To do some I'll have to dig into to figure out what the actual numbers are. To figure out how to when you so it'd be you look at how much, oh, what do you look at.

Matthias Miller  43:55
You look at, look at the at the BET, the waterfall subtotal, plus tax up through this fee that you're forgiving.

Matthias Miller  44:10
Well, actually, it only works if this fee is only partially paid,

Speaker 1  44:15
yeah, which means that no later fees

Matthias Miller  44:18
are right. So you take the subtotal plus tax, you know, you take the invoice payment amount, total payment amount, and you say, what is the subtotal? What is the highest subtotal amount where subtotal plus tax is greater than or equal to the payment amount?

Matthias Miller  44:59
In other words. You would take payment amount divided by one plus tax,

Matthias Miller  45:09
round it up to two decimals, and that's, that is the that is the new subtotal. You have to, you have to split taxable, non taxable. All right, okay, so you start take,

Speaker 1  45:30
so it's payment, amount minus non taxable, subtotal minus,

Matthias Miller  45:40
well, non taxable fees up through this point, well, non taxable payments.

Unknown Speaker  45:58
Ceiling, okay, And then it's,

Speaker 1  46:21
then it's that amount divided by tax one plus tax rate ceiling to two. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  46:35
sure. I still wonder, but

Speaker 1  46:54
aren't we going to have problems with overpayments from I guess if you if someone, if tax rates change and we'll have problems with overpayments, then you overpayments. Then you just say, well, you need to go reallocate the payment. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:08
And I still think there's a world in which you say, you temporarily say, this payment, we're paying into the security deposit. You go fix stuff up, and you go reapply the payment. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  47:23
Mm, hmm, which you can't do for CRA, you said we're

Speaker 1  47:28
not going to let you do anything with security deposit and CRA, I think that's a weird

Unknown Speaker  47:46
tax is just dumb, makes life so much more complicated.

Matthias Miller  47:54
Yeah, wait till we get rid of pennies completely. Do Yeah, okay, if we said

Matthias Miller  48:12
I'm half inclined, well, there's a few options. I think I still think the almost like security deposit thing could work, and I think it could be useful. I think we would have to have a scheduled task that always triggers it. If you have money sitting in there, like, maybe even daily or something, or like, Oh, something.

Matthias Miller  48:49
But in that case, then we just say you can't do it. It's just not You're not allowed. If it's partially paid, move it over into temporary credit. Go forgive the fee, and then go reapply the payment. It.

Speaker 1  49:04
So you're stepping away from the rally discrepancies with like from just saying, don't allow them to forgive more than

Matthias Miller  49:13
well if, if we have to handle sales tax rate changes right,

Speaker 1  49:20
as we do, I'm pretty, pretty sure that will be necessary,

Speaker 1  49:40
Although if a rate changes on a partially paid invoice, does the company just need to deal with that? Like, what's the legality? Like? If a Yeah, I'm wondering if you actually it that's just a complete. Different issue you and you need to just say, Oops, we recorded the wrong tax amount.

Unknown Speaker  50:12
Then how does that work for Yeah, I mean, that's but even for incurred invoices like

Matthias Miller  50:24
Well, what we should do is, on any receipt that we generate in the future, yeah, we would say that this invoice total is subject to change because of invoice because of DEV sales tax changes. It should say estimate sales tax,

Speaker 1  50:42
so future ones. But if it's, if we're, what happens if, like, we've passed, if it's overdue,

Speaker 1  50:55
or, I mean, for sure, if we've paid, and you can't just go change,

Matthias Miller  51:02
well, a sales tax amendment, technically, if, if, if the customer is paying, if sales tax liability, or the new tax rate is lower than than what you charge the customer, the simplest thing is just remit the higher number to the state right, and if it's lower, the simple thing is right off the difference and eat the cost.

Speaker 1  51:34
So what would that look like for my RG? If it's if the rate is now lower, no. If the rate's higher,

Unknown Speaker  51:49
then you can record a bad debt. Write off. No, not bad debt. Not bad debt, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  51:59
I mean, technically, probably not bad debt, but something like that, like a underpayment, or something like that, or rounding discrepancy.

Matthias Miller  52:15
Now I'm liking the whole Okay, let's, let's chase this trail Just a little bit.

Matthias Miller  52:40
If you change sales tax rate,

Matthias Miller  52:58
couldn't you basically say take what the customers paid and charge, update the invoice to the greater of What the How much tax the customer's paid, and in the new rate, and that's what we're freezing on the row. That's the tax. And if it's short, we just record debt short, we'll eat it. You

Unknown Speaker  53:48
if it's higher, are you saying if it's short as in,

Matthias Miller  53:53
well, I'm sorry, if the tax rate goes up, then the company eats the difference. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  54:29
okay, so the rule then becomes on on forgiveness or on jurisdiction change if the customer paid more than the new taxable total, we record, okay, first of all, you can never forgive. I think you say, I think you can keep it as simple as you can never forgive more than the remaining balance on the fee the remaining. Subtotal. See you go make that change. Now you have a tax discrepancy. Now we got to go clean it up. So, so we take the greater of the actual sales tax amount on the invoice, we and maybe we have, like a minimum, like a a Minimum Tax Amount field, that's basically what the customer paid. And if the calculated tax amount, it's less than that, we still say the tax on the invoice is that amount, and it should only be a penny difference. And if, if the if it results in a an underpayment, then we have a, effectively, some kind of write off, and

Matthias Miller  56:00
maybe it's a credit line item, which is just like a tax right tax rounding that takes care of the difference. That's probably not the right way to do it. But maybe it's a tax write off field. I

Speaker 1  56:29
You're saying we store the paid tax. Yeah, and we store paid tax based on what, based on however we much tax?

Matthias Miller  56:46
Actually, no. There is never any pay tax if the invoice wasn't paid. Well,

Matthias Miller  57:01
I have an idea. You're also going to hate me for this. What if we change the waterfall that you would pay for all subtotals first in waterfall order, and then you would pay for tax in waterfall order. You

Speaker 1  57:26
okay, how does that work? Legally? Then you don't you're not paying off your rent before you pay off your late fees. Is there still tax on the rent? Do

Unknown Speaker  57:45
I don't think that. Does it work?

Speaker 1  58:06
So is okay. What's happening is we have we have our invoice, we have our taxable, non taxable subtotals. We have a why are we trying to break down?

Speaker 1  58:32
Can we not show a tax amount on the on each itemization row.

Speaker 1  58:50
Why can we I mean, this is probably wrong, but can you have a row that's tax? I

Unknown Speaker  59:05
or something. Why do we have to say how much? How much of each row is tax? Why like isn't that where our problems coming?

Matthias Miller  59:18
Well, if you really want to want to say it like that? Well, I mean, it's, it's not for state purposes. It's for our purposes, right? Like we wanted to pay rental balance.

Unknown Speaker  59:34
Yeah, and

Matthias Miller  59:38
okay, here's another question. What if any forgivable fees? Okay, let me, let me, let me do the simplistic answer, what if we just, what if we just total tax on each line item? I. I think it's wrong, but what if we did

Speaker 1  1:00:07
then we're back to filing for the wrong amount? No.

Matthias Miller  1:00:13
How is that different than issuing four invoices somebody going through the checkout line four times, once with a piece of gum, once with a bag of peas and once with a can of Coke.

Matthias Miller  1:00:33
Or if late fees are the only things that are forgivable, why not put late fees on their own invoice? Problem solved? You.

Speaker 1  1:00:51
We switch to this model. I'm just trying to think this through. We switch to this model because, because we were, at that point, doing exactly what you just suggested doing, which is having tax on each row and just adding it all together. That's what we switched away from. So

Matthias Miller  1:01:40
it means that, if you want to look at what basically, it means that a period may be invoiced across multiple invoices,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:02
only with late fees.

Matthias Miller  1:02:04
Yeah, only with late fees.

Speaker 1  1:02:08
Right now, we technically allow forgiving, or maybe we shouldn't. Right now, I think all the fees are marked as forgivable except rent. Well, rent and damage waiver or not, right?

Matthias Miller  1:02:20
Okay, that still doesn't handle sales tax changes, so I forgive my rabbit trail.

Speaker 1  1:02:29
Okay, well, but you're good. You're scaring me, and considering moving back to what we had, which makes Why did we, why did we choose to come this way?

Matthias Miller  1:02:40
Biggest invoices should typically, I mean, well, no, but the late fee is the

Unknown Speaker  1:02:46
late fee, you could argue is its own invoice, maybe,

Matthias Miller  1:02:55
well, it's, it's technically not its own invoice, but it is incurred at a separate time. Well, I don't know how you argue that, but you can argue that it's incurred at a separate point in time, and could have its own sales tax attached to it, and should

Matthias Miller  1:03:15
and aren't other fees going to be on their own invoice as well, like

Unknown Speaker  1:03:19
Well, yes, they are okay,

Matthias Miller  1:03:22
so you can only forgive Okay. Now we're back to a credit scenario. Sorry, I really have to use the restroom. Can we? Can you break for two minutes? Yes, absolutely, all right. But.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:21
You Objection

Speaker 1  1:06:12
so I'm back to thinking about liability filing, don't I need to, doesn't the liability record need to have a key for invoice, like, if it's a contract, because you can't do a net, or does it not? Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:06:32
don't think it matters. I mean, I don't think but only it matters you need to do some of the subtitle and some of the tax, and no, subtitle times tax is not equal.

Speaker 1  1:06:40
Yes, because these were different, yeah, okay.

Matthias Miller  1:06:44
I mean, for reporting purposes, you might want to see it broken apart, but I don't know that's not caring right now, maybe I should. We still have, I have a theory. Theory is, if we solve for tax rate jurisdiction first, this becomes easier, probably.

Matthias Miller  1:07:19
So either way, even with future invoices, we may need to, if somebody prepays, we may need to adjust the invoice amount. I guess that doesn't matter. We can reallocate that. But still, something could happen that they overpaid for an invoice. Most likely, it's most likely. It's most likely to happen on the first payment we get the address wrong. Gets delivered somewhere else. There's a different tax rate, lower tax rate, it's in the county instead of the city,

Speaker 1  1:07:56
right? Yeah. It.

Matthias Miller  1:08:11
But that is still a case. In that case, it's it still is a prepayment, and because we expect ongoing payments, I think you can make a they could make a legitimate argument that that should be credited to, I don't know, I don't even know, to future invoices, If it's historical, I would make the argument that, well, you either send it to the state or you eat the cost, but you don't do anything else with it. You just leave it unchanged. Do

Matthias Miller  1:09:03
uh, but we could, okay. So what if, in every scenario, we would default to doing the just, just doing what I described the what's the amount that? What are we going to overcharge the customer to to lock or subtotal or tax, tax amount, and what are we going to or what are we going to eat as a company because of underpayment. And when you go in to reissue the payment, if you want to, you can go in and rejigger the payment if you, if you edit the payment details, those things get washed away.

Matthias Miller  1:09:55
Well, no, yeah. Know, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:10:13
Two giant steps back. What's the criteria? How are we going to know, once we get to the right solution? I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:33
I just know that none of these have felt right.

Matthias Miller  1:10:50
In a Okay, let's go. In a typical accounting world, issue an invoice with the wrong sales tax rate. If the invoice is the historical invoice, then presumably you would potentially cancel the original invoice, issue a new invoice with new rate, apply the payment, deal with its difference. Like I don't think there's much of a world in which you would go back and say, No, that was wrong without a full cancel and reinvoice. Maybe, maybe I'm thinking about this way too simplistically. If you waive a fee off of an invoice, you would issue a credit memo which has its own tax calculated separately based on the subtotal, and that's what you would credit. And then you would file that with a state as a negative tax, and that credit would then become available to pay future invoices, If it's paid in any way. So can we do oh,

Matthias Miller  1:12:28
what don't you like about allowing credit memos alongside invoices

Speaker 1  1:12:37
you're saying instead of our current credit? Just straight up credit thing, you'd have a credit memo, which would be, what

Unknown Speaker  1:12:52
does that apply to? Does that apply to is that pre post tax,

Matthias Miller  1:13:00
pre tax, so

Speaker 1  1:13:02
you would so that's exactly what we've got right now.

Matthias Miller  1:13:08
The difference is, is that it's split out separately and has a separate taxable subtotal, so you don't have to think about rounding issues at all. It's just you might have,

Speaker 1  1:13:23
then we would, with the company still owe the tax to the Oh, they'd owe the tax when there's a negative tax on the credit memo. Then we have to be able to say, if you're applying a credit,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:41
the balance has to be smart. Right now, our payment amounts,

Speaker 1  1:13:49
our payment amounts are not, do not differentiate at all between tax and no tax. You don't

Matthias Miller  1:13:57
have to. It doesn't matter. So you issue the invoice for the full amount you pay, three months worth. They incur late fees on everything you get to you show up. You're like, they give you a sob story. You're like, Fine, okay, let me issue a credit memo. You issue a credit memo. Forgive this fee, this fee, this fee, and that fee. Boom. Credit memo issued. You take the subtotal. Are they taxable? Subtotal times tax now you have $30 plus tax that is available for use against a future payment. Would

Speaker 1  1:14:42
your credit memos have links to itemization rows so that we can say why we for like,

Matthias Miller  1:14:48
yes, you would have itemization rows that are linked to the credit memo for that with a period, date and itemization fee and subtitle, go ahead. Do.

Speaker 1  1:15:01
Uh, wouldn't credit Okay, what I'm thinking is that you have, if you do that, then you have your credit memo, which is, each row in a credit memo is from an itemization row.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:23
Yes, sure.

Speaker 1  1:15:27
And then we can track, we can track that if, well, maybe we don't need to, but I thought Dwayne wanted that.

Matthias Miller  1:15:36
Yeah, what the subtitle is?

Speaker 1  1:15:45
Hmm, then you can apply that credit memo. And then that would just be, then once you have a payment type of credit memo, or something like that, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:15:57
well, you know, you would know, you would just, you would just quote pay for the credit memo in your payment, which reduces the balance.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:17
I'm not tracking that part. You're Payment How are credit memos applied on a

Matthias Miller  1:16:26
payment record? Payment record can link to payment to credit members and invoices. It's a line in the invoices are G A credit me was just a negative invoice with negative line items I see, and in our case, With line items tied back To the original invoice. I

Matthias Miller  1:17:16
Life's the only

Speaker 1  1:17:41
it feels really weird to me to have negative invoices.

Matthias Miller  1:17:46
That's the definition of a credit Miller.

Matthias Miller  1:18:03
It's not, I mean, it's not a negative invoice. It's, it's, you have two things that are two sides of a coin, and the invoice is one side, the credit moment was the other side. It's just, it's somebody gives you an invoice.

Speaker 1  1:18:25
You You go ahead. Credit memo doesn't mean I owe you this much money. It means you can apply this here,

Matthias Miller  1:18:33
right, right, right. You

Unknown Speaker  1:18:48
that's why, to me, it feels like it should be what you pay with. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:18:53
let me think this through.

Matthias Miller  1:19:00
So you're suggesting, when we, when we,

Speaker 1  1:19:08
How's it different than like, paying from security deposit? I

Speaker 1  1:19:23
get $500 in security deposit. You're going to use $30 of it to cover a fee. Okay?

Matthias Miller  1:19:27
So here's, I mean, if you want to do it like that, the reason is that that's what a credit memo is. But if you want to maintain a credit balance, you would issue a credit memo and immediately pay it with a credit like a security deposit type payment, like a credit payment, so that you could look at credit balance and know what your credit balance is, and you could use that to pay a. It you could use, you could use it out of that balance then to pay.

Speaker 1  1:20:07
I think I just, I think I don't understand how credit memos are modeled, like I get. I

Speaker 1  1:20:31
I get how it makes so that I don't have to pay as much money on my next invoice. I don't get why we need to model the credit memo is being paid to use it instead of using the credit memo as payment.

Matthias Miller  1:20:59
Okay, if you use the credit number to pay.

Matthias Miller  1:21:06
So if you use the credit member to pay it, pay it then to forgive something, you would issue a $0 invoice.

Matthias Miller  1:21:20
No you that would increase your available credit and decrease the fees.

Speaker 1  1:21:48
I don't know I bias is such a mess in my head, but it's just not working.

Matthias Miller  1:21:56
Well, let's I might play around with the transcript of this, right? Yeah. I mean, the main reason for that, then is that you end No, your subtotal was your No, but like,

Matthias Miller  1:22:23
yeah, what I mean, one of the issues is, what I described there is that you do end up with $0 invoice to put it into Credit, available credit, which looks weird in your invoicing history.

Matthias Miller  1:22:46
You do need the atomization from what you're creating anyway, all right. Well, pick

Speaker 1  1:22:56
it up tomorrow. Yeah, I don't think I can ready. I think I have the base push through it more today. That's good. Hopefully this is one of the things that we come to the next time we're like, oh, this is how we do it.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:18
Awesome. Thank you. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai