Speaker 1  00:00
Kevin, welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith in the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller, here with my co host, Kevin David kritner, before we dive in, I want to recap our three guiding principles. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we're here to approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We are here to win arguments, but understand and third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally and follow where authenticity leads us. So go ahead, pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So one of my threats is that I'm going to immediately, the moment that Kevin jumps on the call, I'm going to turn on the hit the record button, and everybody's gonna call the catch, the banter that we have for a few minutes before the actual call, which generally involves complaints about the early morning hour that we chose to record our podcast.

Unknown Speaker  00:54
Yes, self inflicted punishment,

Speaker 1  00:57
exactly, exactly which, which? You know, it's hard to find the right person to lash out to on that one, but it's possible. And Haley blame Haley. Haley's fault. You guys, you don't know Haley is the person who's she helps transcribe, takes care of all of the content side of this stuff. Everything after the episode ends, it's like she just handles and it's absolutely glorious. And she does an amazing She's amazing.

Speaker 1  01:35
So we in our conversation before, Kevin, you were talking about some things we've been pondering on, and one of the one of the topics that we've one of the things we've talked about in this throughout the podcast in various moments and times, has been around the ego, but we've never spent time first of all exploring, expounding on what the ego is From kind of the psychological standpoint, but then also looking at it through the lens of spiritual formation, and what I don't know, just unpacking more of of that development, of it with that, what that looks like. So for people who aren't, you know, probably my earliest definition of ego. I just assumed. I mean, it was just pride. It was just a synonym for pride. Didn't write, but why don't you? Do you want to just take a minute to explain, provide some definition in some context?

Speaker 2  02:35
Well, yeah, I mean, if you look at it from a Freudian perspective, and obviously this is kind of my take and my interpretation on it. And others would have different ones. But Freud saw us as like three components, the ID, the id, the ego and the superego. The superego being the moralizing, self righteous, kind of perfected side, the ID being the wild desires, the the animal instinct, that kind of thing. And then you see the ego in between playing negotiator between the two. And so it's kind of this sense of this is what keeps us from going off the rails, per se. You know, I don't fall into heavy moralizing. I don't fall into wild animalistic behavior, and it's kind of the negotiator there. So that's in more of a Freudian psychological sense. Now, obviously since that time, it's become more nuanced. And I think as people have wrestled with the idea of the the ego within a spiritual sense, we've kind of come down to this understanding that that's the part of us that has created the bubble that we live in in the world. It's our gifts, it's our talents, it's our coping mechanisms, it's it's all the things that we use to make our world feel safe living in the midst of a chaotic world. And so I've even heard people like Richard Rohr in particular, talk about the the or the ego as a real close companion to what Paul is talking about in Romans chapter seven. You know, at the end of that, he's, you're in in Romans chapter seven. I think it's in seven. He's talking about like, I know the right thing to do. I choose to do the right thing. And then somewhere along the way, I get waylaid. Oh, wretched man, am I? What is it? Thanks to Christ for freeing me from this, but he uses the word. He says the flesh is what is what causes him to do these things. And that's a Greek word. It's pronounced sarks, s, a, r, x, and Richard worst equates that to the ego, because it's not. Necessarily flesh. Flesh isn't a great physical flesh is not a great definition. It's more of a spiritual sense of the flesh. It's essentially that place where I say, God, you have not protected me in these ways. And maybe it's not even a conscious decision. It's a subconscious for most of us, decision, but it's essentially saying, God, you haven't protected me in these ways. I've had to learn to protect me in these ways, and this is how I've learned to protect myself, whether it's with my talent so I justify myself in the world, or it's with my coping mechanism, somebody who's had intense circumstances happen socially and and they're very, you know, they have a lot of tension around social situations. They have a tendency to withdraw, you know, that's part of the ego. It's how I preserve my my selfhood, my personhood. And so in a very, very basic summarizing way, those are kind of the views of ego that are out there.

Speaker 1  06:08
And I think one of the conversations we've had, and it's probably an ongoing debate in a lot of circles, is things like gifts and talents and personality, how much of that is genuinely, you know, personality tests are presented in such a way to say, Oh, this is definitively who you are, like you're this kind of a person, right? And when you look at it very like, if you just become very logical about it, a personality test is taking your perception and running it through a filter and grid and categorizing it in some ways to reflect back to you, your reflection, right? And so it's just, I mean, it's just basically organizing information about what you say about

Speaker 2  06:53
yourself, right? And your perception in that specific moment, in that circumstance, under in those conditions

Speaker 1  07:02
well, and with some of them as well, it's, I mean, they're very, they're very, they're not very durable against somebody who understands the mechanism by which you're being judged, which is why you, after your first time taking and if you actually spend time understanding it, it's almost impossible to take it again, meaningful. It again meaningfully, because you can basically, you already know what's coming. You know what's coming. You can predict the outcome. And some of them, in particular, come with instructions of think about your life in the context of work specifically, otherwise, we're going to get an inaccurate answer. And so there's this tendency in black and white thinking, both for ourselves and for other people, to kind of place those types of things that like assume they're fixed,

Speaker 2  08:02
right, right? And I think that's one thing that maybe we need to look at, because it's really tied to identity, right? Like, this is who I am, this is who I've been, this is who I always will be. But the reality of an ego structure, whether you're talking about in the Freudian sense, or you're talking about in the more nuanced spiritual sense, is that it's a dynamic system. It has to be because you're constantly being put in dynamic situations, whether it's at work this new co worker or this new client or this new situation that pops up, there's always a generation that's happening within that ecosystem. And so it's a very dynamic concept, but we like to treat it as if it's static. I was having a conversation yesterday with a friend of mine, and he's doing a research paper for on generative AI for a class that he's in. And he started, he asked the question. It was, it was fascinating to me. He's like looking around our society, how many people identify themselves as one thing, right? And I'm starting to think about, I was like, Okay, well, yeah, I mean, you go to a party, you meet somebody. The question is, what do you do? The immediate response is, their work. Typically, the odd person would be like, I like to paint flowers, and I like to write poetry, or I like, you know, like, like to go with something that that brings you joy. Is not something that we typically talk about. It's, it's typically some way to provide us an entrance into the conversation. Conversation, and that's ego manifestation, that one thing that I can hang my hat on, that I do that might get you intrigued in talking to me.

Speaker 1  10:14
I've for as long as I can remember, I've been really horrible at that game. Me too. Lack of curiosity, I don't even know, but, like, the the

Speaker 1  10:35
so with that, okay, identity, but identity is a curious one, because there's there's understood identity, and there's true identity, and there's a sense in which we choose to form our identity around something, whether it's objectively true or not right. And even the idea of, if you want to dive into identity in Christ, identity as the beloved of God, as as children of God, that's a there is a formation of that in terms of of a recognition and a knowing, right? So is the is the ego in either or both senses? Is it then inherently? I mean, it would be easy to say that it's inherently good or inherently bad. It would be that makes it simple, but it seems more to me that the management towards safety, as the ego develops to understand God to be the source of our safety, then the ego can be trained to move towards him for safety, right? And comfort. And it seems to me, then, then, that far from taking a black and white view, that having a nuanced view of of that is most the most helpful,

Speaker 2  12:16
right, right? Well, there is a tendency within us as human beings to flatten everything into two dimensions, right? It's a it's a binary equation. It's either zero or one, it's either good or bad, it's either healthy or unhealthy. And in flattening that into two dimensions, we lose all subtlety and nuance to who a person is. So like, foundationally, God created us in a way that we have these parts of ourselves, like there's an internal conversation going on in in the fundamental reality that we can't get rid of is that ego manifestation that you have, that we have, is there for a reason, and there's a very good reason it was there because it was needed at a certain time. Because whether we want to acknowledge it or not, there are situations in this world that will be unsafe for us, some physically, some emotionally, some spiritually. And so we have to develop wisdom in discerning what is healthy, what is not healthy, what is in the middle, what what is good, what is bad, what is right, what is wrong, what is true, what is false. And I see that development of the ego as a potentially very healthy thing, as far as wisdom and discernment goes within each individual. And certainly that's just my take on it, but that's how I see it play out.

Speaker 1  14:06
So then, if you want to get technical with language calling using the term ego manifestation, because it's sometimes used in a negative sense, using that may actually not be a negative situation by your definition, right?

Speaker 2  14:21
So it's an unnecessary pejorative like you cannot have, like you cannot classify that as negative in all situations and circumstances.

Speaker 1  14:34
So if you want to add definition or language, do you have or have you found language to describe the self, self protective and negative, or not even self protective, negative, ego manifestations?

Speaker 2  14:57
It's a great question, and the first. Term that pops into my mind, and it's just my mind, but I would consider the the negative side, or the overdoing of the self protective mechanism, self righteousness,

Speaker 2  15:20
like that place where I am so afraid of the dangers in this world that I moralize and I create the hardest of lines to keep me safe from those situations.

Speaker 1  15:36
Can you walk me through like, two or three different situations where somebody might experience something like that,

Unknown Speaker  15:43
right, right, right. So,

Unknown Speaker  15:50
so let's say, for example, golly trying to choose an applicable one. So let's say, for example, you have a person who's in a relationship,

Speaker 2  16:07
and horrifically, they find out that their partner has been lying to them in some way, shape or form, and that leaves a very deep wound as a human being now as a human being, I could say that in this situation, with this person, this occurred, this is situational, and I could take it as situational. I could say this person in this situation lied to me, misled me, was dishonest with me, whatever the case may be, okay, and I could understand that situation, motivation of that person, which I think biblically, is what we're called to do, understand the situation, not that I agree, but listen and understand. Okay, so that's one I would say, a healthy response to that situation, not that it's not painful, not that it's not hard, none of that stuff. But I think that's the healthy manifestation. Now, the ego manifestation, or the self righteousness, would be this, one person lied to me, was dishonest with me, misled me, manipulated me. I was so wounded by that I expand that circle outwards, and I can't trust anybody with anything. What they say to me that would, to me, would be the self righteous motivation, or the self righteous move.

Speaker 1  17:35
I mean, there's a sense of absolute again, it's, it's reverting to absolute zero or one binary thinking I can there's a fascinating thing I was curious about, about this stuff, I will frequently turn my whatever AI platform of choice I think is going to be best at these research topics. And one of them recently was around handling rejection, sales rejection, and first of all, fascinating fact, did you know that emotional rejection uses the same neural pathways as physical pain? And yes, not recommended, but you can actually use ibuprofen to deal with your emotional rejection, right?

Unknown Speaker  18:23
But if you do too much, you destroy your liver again.

Speaker 1  18:29
This is please. I mean, not medical advice. Good, gracious. Okay, so

Speaker 1  18:40
you Advil, right? But it brought up Martin Seligman. And I don't know how, how familiar you are with with his work, but he has this framework where he identifies three dimensions for explaining negative events. And so there's, there's permanence, pervasiveness and personalization, so on the permanence, is this? Is this event temporary, or is it permanent, right? Is it, is it specific, or is it universal? And then is it, is it external, as in, this is them, or is it internal? This is me. So in that example of lying, it could be this might not be this might not be accurate. It could be that this is a one time incident in the person's life, right? And I have a friend of mine who who's through this conversation. He was talking about, how about relationship, relationships that he's had with friends from college, and in some of them struggling with with substance abuse. And he basically said that the number one thing, thing he looks for is he looks at the relative time between relapses and if it's increasing, the relationship has always worked out if it's decreasing, the relationship never has worked out like it's. It's been a guiding principle. And so, in terms of permanence, it's, it's actually really, you can't, you fundamentally can't establish a pattern for a single instance. Like, that's not a pattern now, it's an event. It might be harmful and dangerous enough to be clear that it merits, not if, if the risk of recurrence, we're really going deep into this, I'll often have conversations with my kids around doing, doing things you know, like playing dodgeball with a soccer ball and rambling like, What could possibly go wrong? Well, let's, let's think about it. Number one, what's the likelihood of something going going wrong, right? Somewhat, not at all. Somewhat, very what's the severity when that something wrong happens? Based on their expressions getting hit in the head by soccer ball from one of their siblings. It's pretty bad. And so in this situation, to avoid taking a nuanced view, somebody does something once. It doesn't mean it's a pattern, but what is the probability? And even if the probability of recurrence is 10% if it's if it's life threatening, if it's if it's high severity, I mean, that's still, I don't care what the probability is, it's still you should look at that. Consider that, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  21:26
If there's, if there's a non zero chance that this could be catastrophic, it probably deserves to be looked at when you're when you're talking about that. What I'm hearing is the development of an of an algorithm of sorts, your own personal algorithm that every experience gets run through, right? For perception of danger, right, you know, and so that's, I mean, maybe that's what we're talking about. As far as developing the wisdom and the discernment is having somebody walk with us that can help us to develop a healthy algorithm, like with your kids, they're having this experience on the trampoline with the soccer ball and dodge ball, and you've lived long enough have enough experiences that you can see what's playing out, And you can say, hey, let's look at the circumstances here. What's the likelihood of and you can start to develop that, that algorithm. And to be really honest, I think as human beings, you could have all of the experience and discernment and wisdom, and you could give it to your kids, and they could be like, Nah, that's not going to happen, until it happens, and there's a very painful circumstance, and somebody comes in the house with their nose bleeding because they got hit in the face with the soccer ball on the trampoline. And then that's a real learning point, right? And what do I take from that? I could take from that I never go on the trampoline ever again with that sibling, or never a trampoline again, or I don't want anything to do with soccer, or, you know, like, you could expand it outwards, right? Yeah, and understandably so, you could personalize it, you know, sorry, that's just a thought that occurred. Keep going with

Speaker 1  23:14
you could personalize it. That sibling just has it out for me, and I'm just accident prone, like, bad things just happen to me all the time. Because I don't know why God has a God or the devil has a mark on me. If you really want to spiritualize

Speaker 2  23:27
it, right, and into that whole victimization mindset, I am a victim. Why do these things keep happening to me? Like there could be that lens through which you see it.

Speaker 1  23:39
These poor kids, if they would ever ask that question, probably get a series of questions, getting them along the lines of, okay, so whose choice was it? Did you know the soccer ball was on there? Did you know your sibling was on there? Are they stronger than you? Whose choice was it to get on the trampoline? Have there been conversations about that? Okay, maybe you did have a little part to play in this, this whole experience, right?

Speaker 2  24:01
But that's the thing ego does when it's when there is that self righteous ego manifestation. There's the fear that it's all my fault, and I can't acknowledge that there could be a piece of it that's my fault. There's, there's this, this binary equation of it's either me or them, but in no situation is it in a human situation, is it me or them? It's always us, it's always us. There, there are factors and people may, in my opinion, people may push back on that will they'll give you a very extreme situation like this happened to this person, where's that person's responsibility? And that's the end of the conversation.

Speaker 1  24:54
So but would you be willing to concede that in extreme situations, that things may. Happen to you that you have no control over? Oh, of course. Okay, oh, of course. But in normal life, what you're saying in normal life and just doing life, it's, it isn't us thing. It's, it's right.

Speaker 2  25:14
So like, think about it like something that's that's clearly out of your control. Let's say today you hop on an airplane, you fly out to California to visit me, you have no thought in your mind whatsoever that that anything could happen in that two, two and a half hour flight, the plane gets, gets hit by lightning, and it goes down. Okay. Now in that situation, do you have any responsibility in that situation?

Speaker 1  25:43
Well, assuming that there wasn't any severe weather alert warning, life threatening lightning in between here in California, no, like, there's nothing I could have done,

Speaker 2  25:53
no but the choice to get on the plane right, knowing the algorithm that there is a a non zero chance that this plane could go down, there could be a malfunction, there could be a weather event, there could be, like, all these kinds of things, like, I got on that plane knowing those factors.

Speaker 1  26:12
And my algorithm has said, I've gotten on the plane, onto a plane, how many times myself? And you know, if you look at the probability, I mean, if you just look at the problem, general probability, the average person flying on an airplane, the average number of times that people fly, it's very unlikely that an individual person is going to experience that. And yet, it happens. It happens. There is that possibility,

Speaker 2  26:39
and that's what I'm talking about not, not, not as a is a blame, but as a responsibility. I chose to take the quicker route to fly to California rather than spend, you know, 810, hours driving.

Unknown Speaker  26:53
But then driving has risks, right?

Speaker 2  26:57
But I put myself in these situations, understandably so, and there's no negative there. But here's the thing that we can't really come to grips with as human beings. You could do everything right, and it could still the plane could still go down.

Speaker 1  27:20
Fundamentally, life isn't safe. I mean, there's right. I mean, every comedian wants to make jokes about us not getting out of your life like but it's true. I mean, yeah, if you want to hole up in a in a bunker, you have loss of safety because of exposure to outside relationships and people, and people bring health risks, like it or not, right? That's an example. Like, there's, there is no controlling it. I love the idea, okay? The idea of an algorithm makes sense to me, and it feels to me like a lot of the questions that other people ask me, if somebody asked me an insightful question, it's like a jolt to my algorithm, right? And even some of these questions, and I found myself coming back to these, these factors that Seligman talks about, because it's like, okay, am I? Am I viewing it from this frame or that frame? And like, is this actually true? I think one of the challenges as well, and is, is when the, whatever you want to call it, you know, fight or flight, in the overwhelming emotion where it's just like, you know, beeping lights and sirens, the alarms are going off, alarms are going off, and you're trying to get back into for me, it's been very helpful to walk through that journey and allow the engage with with what the emotions are saying in whatever thing they're saying. And often it's a lot of ignorance, but but just continuing to engage until I get back to the grounding of facts and reality, it's like no, this person did it once this is, it feels like this is going on forever, or it's, it's, it's statistically improbable. It could statistically improbable for this to continue forever, right? And it's possible for

Speaker 2  29:34
it to certainly, there is that non zero chance that, you know, that it could continue forever, statistically, statistically, likelihood, probably not, because what we know about the system that we live in is that it's dynamic.

Speaker 1  29:57
So how do you those type. Of experiences of just straight up emotional overload, and how do you relate that to the concept of ego and the things that we've been talking about? Where does that fit in the picture

Speaker 2  30:12
for me? And again, this is just my personal experience of it, like, when that happens, I have to recognize that like I like, all the warning lights are going off based on my experiences. And so, like, I'm afraid because my experiences tell me this is what's going to happen. And so my self protective mechanisms, you know, go on full alert. It's DEF CON five or one or whatever the highest is when, when I perceive that danger based on my algorithm, based on my learning, my wisdom, my discernment, so the ego for me, it goes into full flight, full fledged, you know, activation.

Speaker 1  31:11
This is so interesting because I think, I think it takes time, it takes perceptive questions, it takes reflection, it takes honesty. So as I'm talking about this, I'm thinking about some of the we've had conversations about impatience is like my Achilles heel, like there's, there's such a so many pressures. I want to externalize it all. It's so so many pressures from the outside in. Of course, it's never me to move faster, be more, do more, all of that, but those pressures, if you want to go a layer or two deeper, there's, there's some absolute thinking around that, that if I don't do this, then, you know, I mean, let's just just pick work for An example, because that's an easy one to pick on that people don't get offended about, and it doesn't have to get too personal. The if, if I don't, I can't be five minutes late to the office, because if I do, that's a pattern of of lack of discipline, and lack of discipline inevitably leads to being broke. So Right? Don't be like, and you're going to start lying to people. And I mean, like, I've literally heard people talk this way about holding themselves to this kind of standard, and their team to this kind of standard. And it's like, well, the way you do one thing is the way that you do everything. And so if you're five minutes late, then you're training people that you can be taken advantage of. I mean, there's, there's just the ripple effects are endless, and it really ends up being very strong, harmful, absolute thinking,

Speaker 2  32:55
right, right? Yeah, in those if then equations right? We have to recognize those if then equations are binary. If this happens, then this will happen. It's very absolute, really. In every situation where this happened, that happened, please tell me a situation where that's true.

Speaker 1  33:27
I mean, we can name so many situations where people did things horribly wrong and things ended well, and people did things absolutely right and things ended terribly like

Speaker 2  33:43
there's something about like, here is like, I think in what you just said, and as we're walking through this, there's something about control with the ego. Like, I need to be in control. I need an if then statement that I can rely on, that I can just plug it in and play. If Matthias does this, then I will do this right. And I need that to play out.

Speaker 1  34:20
I mean, that's, that's the fundamental essence of all marketing, isn't it? Sales and marketing. I will give you an if then statement that's that is that satisfy, satisfies the super ego and speaks to the ID, yeah. And, and you're done, like, talk to their higher self, talk to their lizard brain and like,

Speaker 2  34:43
That's it, but it's way more subtle and nuanced than that. And there, I think it's in one of brand Manning's books. I think it's Abba's child, one of the. Yes. And he talks about how he was on the silent retreat, and there was therapy, and then there was, there was, you know, meditation and like, that kind of stuff. And at some point, he sat down and he wrote what he calls his false self. He wrote his false self a letter, and he thanks it for the work that it had done to keep him safe. He values it, and yet he says, and now it's really holding me back, so I excuse you from your duties, right? And so he has this very honest conversation with himself about the reality of how he's experiencing this binary, two dimensional life, and how it's not living for him, it wasn't living. It was it was a constant algorithm of binary questions that allowed him to survive. Right and he was just exhausted by the constant repetition of these binary equations.

Speaker 1  36:15
So one of the things that one of the words that you use earlier, you you mentioned parts in some standpoint, and you're touching on this now, one of the things that's been probably at some point in my life, I would have just thought was completely bonkers, but, but it's really useful and helpful To understand the that ego happens in conversation, and sorry, I promise I will somehow bring all my thoughts together coherently. If you look at intelligence, you have to understand that humans actually that we argue with ourselves internally, and a lot of critical thinking comes down to this part over here is like, I want the candy bar. No, you don't want to look like Santa Claus. Okay, so, well, I'll just take one bite of the San the candy bar. Okay, you're gonna throw the rest of it away, and then back and forth. Argue, argue, argue, finally, you come to a conclusion. And it's tremendously useful that there's a lot of we think of it's been incredibly useful. The whole concept around internal family systems, or, you know, whatever you want to call the concept, but the idea that there are, that the ego is made up of parts that are negotiating needs and self protective mechanisms. And one of the very useful things for me has been working with facilitators to help pull out those parts, and also sometimes just personally, like, what are the parts of me that are at play? Like, there's the there's the grown up, I mean, just to make it super simple, there's the grown up, really responsible part of me that knows that I need to show up to work every single day. There's the wild, creative side of me that just wants to, you know, I don't know. I just, who cares about money? Like, just go do whatever you want to. And then there's this other part of me that's like, and and literally taking the time to direct my attention to to say, and let's just call it a journaling practice, of like, this is the responsible part of me, and this is what is what they're saying, like, I'm going to give you voice. And this wild I just want to, you know, nuke everything and go do what I want, whatever, like, whatever you want to call it, give that a voice. And there's a little bit of that that we see in what you're talking about with the letter to the false self of like there's there's a part of me that's been highly protective, let me engage in conversation, assure that it's no longer needed. Thank it for its contribution, but recognize that that it's its role has been served in some capacity, right? Right?

Speaker 2  39:05
And so maybe at that point, the trying to kill off the ego is not the point, like if we get to that point where we recognize that there's a part of us that is very scared and is negotiating contracts with with other parts within us, and is exhausted from that process, and then we want to kill it. It's something that doesn't seem right about that to me, in the very sense that philosophers, theologians, spiritual directors, you know, we talk about things like peace, because every human being wants peace, right? And what if peace is simply that place where my thoughts. Thoughts, feelings and actions are consistent, sure, right? So if that's the case, if I'm trying to kill a part of me that has thoughts, feelings and actions, it can't be integrated in a very Jungian psychology way where he's talking about like there's this integration that has to happen, this, this dark side, this false self, this, this part of us that we don't like to acknowledge or admit, is there the only way to deal with it is to integrate it. Because it exists. You can't make something not exist, that exists. It's like if you had a traumatic situation, some would try and get you to forget about it, pretend like it didn't exist, make it go away. And certainly within us internally, there's this idea that if I could just have that go away, then I'd be happy, like, let's think back over our lives. What things could we look at and go if that didn't happen, I'd probably be I'd probably be a little bit happier, right? Right? Yes, but I think Young's point is, that thing exists, that thing happened, and what happens? You can't make un happen. So what option at that do you have at that point?

Speaker 1  41:35
Well, I mean, it's, it would be ridiculous. Okay, like, let's, let's externalize this a little bit. Let's, let's pick a in a spiritual context, the prophet is always the one who gets like, let's cut, let's kill them. Like, yeah, right. Like, throughout, go pick any, any prophet in Scripture, yeah, and, and it's always like, no, like, that's gonna go very badly for you. And there will be another one that will come back and like, like, or you'll ignore, ignore, you know, the word of the Lord, and you're gonna, you know, wander from him, and things are gonna go well, we understand from an external standpoint why it's such a bad idea to just completely, Like, cut off a person, right? A community like that.

Speaker 2  42:23
It's a powerful point, right? What you're saying like, how often do we, metaphorically in our lives, try and kill off the Prophet? Yeah, the message that's being delivered to us, whether it's a person or situation or circumstance, a thought or a feeling, how often do we try and kill that profit off.

Speaker 1  42:42
Well, even, how many times do we not recognize the Prophet? I mean, like, let's, let's, you know, let's say it's substance abuse. What if that is the voice of the Prophet saying we need help over here? And and, like, okay, like, let me, let me shut you up a little bit. Or pick the thing of choice, like, like, some kind of righteous performance, or some kind of, like, workaholism, or, you know, I don't know, fill in the

Speaker 2  43:13
what if that's what addiction is, whether it's, it's being workaholic, or it's drugs, or it's alcohol, or it's pornography or whatever it is. What if that is our attempt to kill off the Prophet?

Speaker 2  43:32
Yeah, it's a very uncomfortable feeling. I get it. It's bringing something to light that that isn't happy for me to have brought to light. And instead of listening to that, having a conversation with it, integrating it, I do something to make the pain go away, right? What if that's it? That takes addiction out of the disease model, which is wholly failed. Addiction is disease has wholly failed. Let's be honest about that. What if we understood it in terms of that, through that lens, that it's our attempt to cope with these very, very powerful feelings that maybe we've tried to communicate and maybe people haven't understood, or maybe we haven't tried to communicate because we're too afraid to communicate. It all understandable, but the Prophet keeps coming back. Brings us back to that place because it's a gift. We don't see it as a gift. And what if we could transform the ego from that mode of self protection, killing off the Prophet? To the mode of self protection of wisdom and discernment. Maybe that's what wisdom is, is the refining of the ego to the place where it becomes wisdom and discernment, rather than self protective profit. Slang. Mm,

Speaker 2  45:28
and this is where I'm just saying, like we're riffing here. This is just a conversation that's unfolding. It's not that's the first time I've ever thought to mention that phrase of addiction is profit slaying. So please, please, hear what you're saying and hear what we're saying and think about it, but, but certainly, don't base your life on this. We're just riffing here.

Speaker 1  45:59
We're trying to find make sense of the patterns that we've experienced firsthand and secondhand. I mean, that's fundamentally, it,

Unknown Speaker  46:14
absolutely fascinating.

Unknown Speaker  46:21
I think, I think one of this, one of the one of the circles that I face

Speaker 1  46:29
is the it's sometimes difficult to actually create the space and take the time to clear away enough of the noise to Hear what the prophet is truly saying. If you want to use that, to use that metaphor, because

Speaker 2  46:55
there's so much context around it, right? There's so much noise around that. So what is the message? Actually?

Speaker 2  47:15
I personally think, and this is my experience of it, once the noise is cleared away.

Unknown Speaker  47:24
And that is not an easy thing to do. It's very difficult. I think what the Prophet is saying is, come sit with me. Come sit with me.

Speaker 2  47:38
It's God drawing us to him. I know this is painful. I know this hurts. I know you wish it was different. I wish it was too it's not come sit with me. We'll integrate this together, and we'll turn it from pain and avoidance and victimhood will turn it to wisdom and discernment, right? I think that's the invitation the prophet is always extending.

Speaker 1  48:22
I think I wanted to highlight this part because there was a very intentional reason in the in the podcast intro that we talked about union with ourselves. And this is this, I think, is the closest time that we've gotten to really articulating what we mean by that. Wow.

Speaker 1  48:57
I think I think one of I do think it is useful, it is really useful to look at the external world to understand some of the dynamics of our Internal one.

Speaker 1  49:16
As an example, I remember years, years ago we had, we had a family over for for dinner, and, like, you know, bunch of bunch of teenage boys, like super active, like constant conversation, like four conversations going at a time. And, like, very interesting to observe and and it was just a fun time. But imagine being in that situation. And we've all been in these types of situations where there's something that we really want to say, but the momentum of the conversation is already moving in this direction, and it's so hyperactive that it's it's in the participants are. Engaged that it's almost impossible to inject anything into it, right? The same is true also in our lives, internally. Then that's not what was happening with these people. I'm just using that as an example of like we've been there. We've been in that situation, the conversation, the excitement and all that, all of that. But internally, then it's like, sometimes the dialog between the parts of ourselves are so active and so hyper engaged that we miss. I mean, there's a part of ourselves that's over here in the sideline, like, hey, like, I mean, it could be as simple as I could use a little more sleep, like, I could use a little more more peace and quiet. I could use a jog, or whatever the thing is. And it's like, no, my life is so all encompassing. This conversation is so active, I don't have room to think about that. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  51:06
Yeah,

Speaker 2  51:13
that's what we're talking about, right? With union with yourself, is integrating these parts, like not ignoring the one standing on the sideline saying, Hey, we could really use some rest, or hey, I could really use this conversation with this friend, or hey, I really miss this person who was part of my life and isn't Yeah, integrating that part yeah. I feel that, feel that acknowledge it. That's what union with yourself looks like,

Unknown Speaker  51:55
and then respond to it. Yeah.

Speaker 2  52:00
This isn't some hippie dippie self actualization, you know, self help guru type of stuff. This is, like, legitimate. There's a reason why Jesus says Love God with everything you are, and love your neighbor as yourself, like this is the nature of the world, and how often, at least in my experience, when that verse is quoted, to me, it's love God with everything you are and love your neighbor, right? It leaves the self out. And it's not the elevation of the self. Now, some may preach that the elevation of the self, of course, but this is real. You need to know you. And if there's parts of ourselves that we're denying the existence of, then there will be no peace. We'll we'll circle it. I think it's the way God designed our brains. When there's unresolved things, it comes back and it comes back and it comes back. Why does this keep coming back? Well, there's something to to learn there. There's something to acknowledge, there's something to integrate, there's something I need to hear in that loop. Remember once in the in the one of the most darkest seasons of my life.

Speaker 2  53:42
It I'm praying and I'm praying and I'm praying, I'm asking God to do these things and to move. And the only thing I heard from him for I don't know it felt like months, it felt like years, but it was probably months. The only thing I heard was, I love you. And the first time, it's like, okay, yeah, you love me. Alright. Now those other things I asked about, and he was silent, and then it was, I love you. I love you. I love you. And at a certain point I was like, I know that. What about these other things? And my mind kept circling and circling and circling on these other things. And his for me, my interpretation of this, my experience of this, his bringing me back was, I love you. I'm stuck in this feedback loop, and the way out of the feedback back loop is to sit with the idea that he loves me and what that means. Yeah. But for me, him loving me meant he would address these things, but that's not what he was doing. The message I had to hear and to sit with and to wrestle with and to internalize was he loves me and

Speaker 1  55:22
yeah, and so, I mean this, I don't know how to ask this with that, I mean, it's a question, assumption, whatever. But on the heels of that, my guess would be, inference from that is that as you looked back, and I don't know what timeframe was, several months, a year, years later, you recognize that really, the issues that you were struggling with, in some sense, came from some kind of performative needing to earn worthiness, and that when you actually accepted His love and embraced it, and it became not just an intellectual ascent, but somehow integrated that into your life, that you started to see those issues, Those issues, you found clarity on those issues in some, some way,

Speaker 2  56:04
my language for it is, doesn't matter. Yeah, all those things don't matter. What that brought me to is, there's one thing that matters, union with Him, and I had to have a felt experience of union with Him, for those things do not matter, because on a very human level, those things really mattered, right? They really mattered to me, maybe to others. But it didn't matter. In light of this, in light of His love, union with Him, two, becoming one flesh, it

Speaker 1  57:00
didn't matter. One of the things I wanted to highlight around the whole listening to like, tending to yourself, like, you know, I need a friend. It's like all of those things. I think, I think a lot of that I've been in so many environments where there's been this hyper spiritualization of everything and and it's like, I need God to tell me to do this. That the other thing like, it's all about, like, man, if I'm walking through a grocery store, I want God to tell me to go do X, Y and Z. And it's like, what's been really healing grounding is to accept the fact that I am human and that God is capable of operating within my humanity, and that I'm not saying every time I need a friend, that it's magically like some kind of like, oh, God's orchestrating this. Conversely, there's a very real possibility that my own desire for just to spend time with a friend is an answer to a need that that person has, and there's no way that God's not involved in that and just living out the humanity if we truly accept the fact that that life is about union with Christ and walking it out incarnationally In whatever way that we can just living, just just being formed into the into Christ, then it stands to reason that he will Use these simple things that us are just pragmatic, right desires and that, that he participates in that

Speaker 2  58:50
right, right? Well, in I think there's something so powerful you're saying there is, can I allow there to be a trinity in my reactions or in my relationships, like in the midst of this conversation, does it have to be binary, right? Or is there space made for God in this space? Do I trust that he's going to do what he wants done within this space? I was talking to my spiritual director on yesterday, and I've worked with him for three years or so, and we were kind of reminiscing about all the things we've kind of walked through, and how neither one of us really did anything to bring about a lot of these things that have transpired, other than create this space where we can allow God to be. In this space, with us, God with us, Emmanuel in this space. And some pretty amazing things have happened in the midst of that. And I wonder if we can allow that in all of our relationships, but I think it's very antithetical to the way the world works. If we sit down here, we should have an agenda, and we should check things off the list, and we should make sure all the boxers are checked. And we could consider that productive, maybe, maybe in a very human sense, there are, there is, there is some productivity that happens there.

Speaker 1  1:00:46
Well, and I should also explain, my brain took in as you were talking to get to the question, which looks completely disconnected from what you were talking about. I promise you there was a route that I got there. Yeah, you should take time so that people aren't lost, you know, whatever,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:04
yeah, I can't unfold,

Speaker 1  1:01:16
you know, strike structures, and I think let me see if I can tease this apart a little bit, but I mean fundamentally, much of what Just pick Orthodoxy in at least, man, I'm struggling fundamentally. Structure is meant to be a container, to create a container for that openness to experience, for what God wants to do, and if at any point the structure prohibits God from doing that. It becomes, I mean, it becomes an empty it becomes empty, maybe even worse than empty. Very practical example, there's a reason why we have a recurring event on our calendars to sit down and have these conversations, because this is a priority, right? But it's also important to us to have the freedom without an agenda, to create that space for where this conversation ends up going, right? So yeah, and I think learning how to create the right amount the Creating healthy structure, the right amount of healthy structure, is probably something that we all face where it's it's not about it could be about controlling. I think maybe the difference is this. The difference, fundamentally, is whether, whether we are creating the structure to control the outcome or whether we're creating the structure to allow us to participate. I'm basically repeating myself, but

Speaker 2  1:03:22
yeah, we're we're creating a container where that interaction can happen, yeah? Or are we trying to to manufacture an outcome, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:40
And that's tough one, right? It's really tough. How do I balance that out? I want

Speaker 1  1:03:53
to jump back just a little bit. I do have a question that's kind of eating at me a little bit. So the question that you have about or what you stated about love, how do you loving others as you love yourself? How, how do you compare and contrast that verse with, with verses about esteeming others as better than ourselves. Because that's, if you want to be honest, that's, that's, obviously, that's scripture. So, so where does, how do these pieces fit together? All right.

Speaker 2  1:04:46
Well, in this moment as I think about it, this is just off the top of my head, what I hear there is create space for others to be known and.

Speaker 2  1:05:00
And the hope is that there will be reciprocation there, right, that there will be space created for me to be known. And it's a mystery, right? How do we define, how do, how do we organize that system to where I create space for you to be known for you to share what what it is that you need to share so I can know you and you doing the same thing. There's gonna have to be trade offs, right? There's gonna have to be times where it's more heavily you being known, and there's gonna be times where it's more heavily me being known. And can I allow that flow to happen, or do I insist on being known in every moment

Speaker 1  1:05:50
as you're talking? It's also striking to me of once again, welcome to the hyper individual is individualization of Western Christianity. So if we understand that, and I haven't looked at the verse, so again, I should have forgot this, but, but if you look at that verse from the frame of the We, of the of the people of God, you understand that we are to do that. It then means you place yourself into a position of vulnerability and dependence upon upon the body of Christ to say, I am going to esteem you higher than than myself. I am going to run the risk that others will not esteem me higher than themselves, right? And I will, but I will also choose, and I think maybe this is the only way, because this triggers another line of thought. I think, I think one of the challenges that we face, oh goodness, see if we can get all this out again,

Speaker 1  1:07:01
this type of community where you have people who esteem others better as better than themselves, can, if it's distorted, can easily become the feeding ground for wolves narcissists like it happens. Little side note, did you know that statistically, small congregations of 100 members or less are much less likely to tolerate narcissistic leaders than large congregations, um,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:31
shocking. I wonder why that is.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:36
Proximity actually matters,

Speaker 2  1:07:40
right? But then

Speaker 1  1:07:51
there's also this sense in which when you have a healthy community, which this is how it all takes together. When you have a healthy community where everyone's committed, committed to to esteeming others is better than themselves, that when someone comes in there who doesn't do that, it's an immediate red flag. There's something problematic. This person just does not embrace the teaching of Scripture, the way of Christ,

Speaker 2  1:08:14
right, right? I had a very real, lived experience of that, not not mine, but friends of mine. They, maybe, about a year ago, they decided that they were going to kind of do, like a house church type of thing. It's cool. It's great. So you had, you know, regularly, less than 15 people, maybe like 10 people kind of meet Saturday night. They they have their their house church. And it's really free flowing. And there is this move towards mutual submission, esteeming others as more than yourself. There's this move within this and recently they had somebody come into the meeting who was so blatantly not on that page, and they're really wrestling with it, like, what does it mean to love this person, to invite them in, to seek to know them when they're not doing, you know, the other you know, that kind of thing. So it, it just creates this tension within a system like that, and it's immediately visible, right? Yeah, it's immediately visible. I wonder if, like, like, a great example of that, that submission, and I just thought about it as you were talking, is, you know that that that scene in scripture where Jesus is being tried before the religious council, and there's all sorts of accusations that are coming. He did this, he did this, he did this, he did this. And the the high priest looks at him and says, like, Are you not going to comment on this? And he simply responds with, you have said it is so do. Like he knows. There's no mutual submission here, right? There's no knowing and being known. There's no esteeming me higher than yourself going on here. So why would I throw my thoughts into this? Why would I cast my pearls before swine, because it's not, it doesn't matter. You're not listening to me. You're not seeking to understand. You have an agenda, and your agenda is crucifixion. And we all know that coming into this, this, this is what this was for. And so this, this moment, I would call it quiet courage, where he knows that, and instead of defending himself or fighting back or whatever, he just goes, you've said it. So this how this is going to play out, right? So what are we supposed to do at that point? It was unjust. Of course it was. It was evil, of course it was.

Speaker 1  1:11:15
But there was a mutual submission. So I mean, that's over this past over the past week, I've been thinking again about some situations in the past where I'm like, There's a presentation. Here's how it was presented. It's like, hey, let's talk about this. And I'm like, okay, so I would like to think that, based on fairly good evidence, that what I ended up doing is like, No, I'm not having that conversation. Yeah, I would like to think that it was, it was well informed, and kind of on the basis of knowing that really, there was a foregone conclusion, and that the conversation was basically to persuade me to that perspective, which isn't a conversation, it's like it's a power struggle. Ultimately,

Speaker 2  1:12:14
yeah, I remember seeing this really impacted me. I remember seeing Rob Bell in a live event years ago. And there was a meet and greet before, and somebody this was in the midst of, there's a podcast that came out about Mars Hill and Mark Driscoll and that kind of thing. And it was at the height of that, so a few years ago, and somebody asked the question, you know Mark Driscoll has asked to debate you many times, and been very public about it and that kind of thing. And what do you think about that? And Rob thought for a second. He said, Why would I engage that conversation? That's not a conversation like the knives would come out from the very beginning. There's no productive dialog that's going to happen there. What I heard him saying is, like you have said it is so you're already convinced this wouldn't be a conversation. This would be a crucifixion. Why would I engage with that? You're going to do what you're going to do. Okay, there is no knowing and being known here. There is no mutual submission. So why would I engage with that? So if

Speaker 1  1:13:37
you want to flip this from just being other people, because obviously it's just the other people who are the problem. We all know

Unknown Speaker  1:13:42
that clearly, clearly, I

Speaker 1  1:13:47
repeat, insert sarcastic comment about, can we please have our sainthood early so that we can enjoy it while we're live the and then have to live under that standard of living. Oh, gracious, goodness, alright, so to get there, what about us? What? What? What in your experience? I'm trying to think, think through my own experiences. But what from your experience are the things that drive us towards winning the debate, to to crucifying, not conversing, to like what makes us participate like that? Not that, but me. Yeah, me.

Speaker 2  1:14:39
For me. Yeah. I need to be right in this situation, because right means something very, very powerful to me. It means identity, it means standing, it means all these things. And so when I'm willing to go. Go to the links of a battle to engage in that kind of thing. Within me, there's a need to be right, and what I've seen in myself over time is when I need to be right is when I need to shut up.

Speaker 2  1:15:23
Because there is only one right, and neither on his side or I'm wrong, that's a binary equation that I can live with. Any right is his right.

Speaker 1  1:15:42
There's a very dangerous cycle as well, where you want to talk algorithms, when people come to you for answers, you start building in the assumption that you are right exactly. That's okay. So then the follow up question is, you've had that you've provided counseling and spiritual direction for people. How do how do you? How do you break that feedback loop, that algorithm that says, Be Right, be right. I have the answer.

Speaker 2  1:16:25
You have enough me For me, personally, in my experience, you have enough evidence of when you're right wasn't right, and it's humbling, and not always, is it not always? Is it motivated by the ego manifestation of being right? Sometimes it's being right because you believe that the person that is making this decision is in danger, and they very well may be, but that's not my responsibility to save them from that danger. My job in that space is to listen and ask questions. So very rarely will I provide advice. We're in the beginning I provided advice a lot. I

Unknown Speaker  1:17:24
i think it is a how I feel about it now

Speaker 2  1:17:30
is, I think it's a subversion of free will, because me as a authority, which I don't claim to be, but it still happens, the viewpoint me as an authority, saying something holds a lot of weight, and I could be consciously, subconsciously, however it plays out, subverting their ability to make a choice for themselves, whatever that looks like, and even if I think it's a horrific choice. Do I really believe that God is not graceful and merciful and willing to walk through that refining process with that person? Or do I have to keep them from that mistake? Right? It's very ego driven and very arrogant, and I've been there, and I've done it, and to have that blow up in your face and to feel the pain of that which I should and we should to learn that lesson. You have that happen enough times, hopefully it gets really, really humbling and you stop pretending like you have the answers. I

Speaker 2  1:19:01
had this one guy I worked with who used to joke all the time. The only thing you you tell us to do is, or the question you ask is, what do you think? What do you think Jesus is saying about that? Like that was my answer. And to be honest, I don't know a better answer, because at the end of the day, this is your life, your relationship with God, and that has to be worked out between the two of you. My job is not to be his voice for you. I can't be that's the that's the refining and the integrating of the ego. That's what we're, what I was talking about. As far as you have enough painful examples that the ego gets torn apart and starts to shift into wisdom and discern. Man rather than self protection.

Speaker 2  1:20:08
And is there the poll to share advice based on my experience in certain situations? Yeah, of course there is. Yeah. If I can't do that, because I've seen how messy it can get. I've seen it. I've experienced it. Others have experienced it. I

Speaker 2  1:20:50
while I know myself well enough to know that there was no malicious intent at all ever, I'm not a malicious person. It's not how I operate. But the mess is still real and the pain is still real, whether it's intent or not, the pain is still real. I

Speaker 2  1:21:23
Yeah, and that's taking that's refusing talk about the self integration, that's refusing to compress my experience and my view of myself into two dimensions. It's allowing it to be multi dimensional. I could have the best intent and still it could go horrifically wrong, and I think that's something that we as human beings have a lot of difficulty with acknowledging, or I could have had evil intent or malicious intent, and it could have gone wonderfully, right? Gracious.

Speaker 1  1:22:09
I mean, you see both sides like, but I didn't mean to, okay, great, but you did like, this happened, yeah, like, on both sides. And also, I mean, the flip side of what you're saying is to have evil intent and, like, that's fundamentally, that's like, the people who come, who meet God, or, like, look at all these things that we've done. It's great. Like, amazing,

Speaker 2  1:22:38
wonderful, wonderful, I never knew you.

Speaker 1  1:22:49
There's also talk about mystery. There's also these, the parable of the of the two sons, and the one who's like, oh yeah, I'll do it, and never does it. The other one's like, I'm never gonna do it. I don't want to do it. And then finally, he's like, I'll go do it. Like, anyway.

Speaker 2  1:23:05
Like, interesting motivation. Which one stands justified, which

Unknown Speaker  1:23:12
one stands justified.

Speaker 1  1:23:18
So Kevin, if you had to look back over a conversation, and

Speaker 1  1:23:31
I think, I think, you know, the recurring thing we started with the concept of the ego, but to me, tying it back to the themes that we've talked about most frequently, it's around union with yourself, like finding peace, obviously in relationship with other people, obviously in relationship with God, but But internally, what that looks Like? What's, what's the one thing that you would hope that people would walk away from this conversation with the

Speaker 2  1:24:16
first thing that pops in mind is refuse to reduce yourself, others, God, this experience we're having, refuse to reduce that to two dimensions. Understand that it is multi dimensional, and there is subtlety and nuance in all of it. And if we find ourselves in a binary equation, that's probably the place where our ego, our self righteousness, is fully in effect. And if you can't acknowledge that binary equations do not tell the reality of existence. We may want to talk to somebody about that.

Speaker 2  1:25:14
Just off the top of my head, that's what strikes me from from this time,

Speaker 1  1:25:19
it's such a it's such a key, invaluable point. And I think one of the things that stands out to me to take away, I mean, I have, I always take notes, because I'm like, I want to come back. I'm gonna think about this some more. But I think, I think one of the things that's striking to me is, is creating the minimum level of structure required to create containers where, where God can God and we can commune.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:58
Yeah, yeah. I'll be chewing on that one for a week. Probably has something to say about it next time.

Speaker 1  1:26:11
Well, alright, well, to all of you guys listening in, we thanks for going on this journey with us. You can address all your hate mail to Kevin. His address is just kidding,

Speaker 1  1:26:26
no, but we genuinely are grateful, and we would invite you as part of this conversation. And and, yeah, Kevin, thanks. Thanks for your time.

Speaker 2  1:26:38
Thank you, see you, next time see you, next time you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai