Speaker 1  00:00
I think probably the biggest issue I see with people who have a need for variety is not giving themselves permission to have a need for variety. So the traditional paradigm that we're all in is that we're all machines, and we should go do the same thing over and over again. And so I think just starting with that, just you should just say it I need variety. Just sit, get it out. I think the other thing that you need to pay attention to with with the statement I need variety is that variety looks very different for different people. And I remember this conversation that somebody shared about a bookkeeper who was went on and on about her work and how fun it was, and how exciting it was, and how she got to see so many different things. And it was just most wonderful job in the world, where many people would look at bookkeeper and they're like, well, you're entering numbers all day and making sure things. You know, you're, you're making sure everything ties out, and you're doing all this stuff. And like, don't you? And it's, it's a lot of the same type of activities, time time again. Like, would you get bored? And I think, I think the reality is that even when you like variety, there's an anchor that is, there's a thread, there's an anchor, there's something that goes through the different things that interest you. And if you can find at least pieces of that, or a piece of that that you can, you can rest on and then find the variety within that space, in that arena, it can, it really can give you kind of a sense of grounding with with your left variety. I think it comes down to trade offs and once again and knowing what you really want. I think many times, people who like variety can be exceptional consultants, and they can have a really engaging and interesting life doing that, and there's always a challenge to solve. Or you can be a a you can be a serial entrepreneur, or or you can simply be in business and structure your business in such a way that that you can fill most of your life with these things that that feature in some other type of way. I think one of the disservices that most personality assessments do is that they don't pay close attention to variety as a need or an interest. And the one I can think of specifically is there's a motivators assessment that specifically looks at variety as an interest, and there may be many others. I'm not sure. A lot of people struggle to find the thread, and then they discover that, wait, there actually is a thread. The thread is variety, and it's very meta, but it's very real. And so I think, I think I think sometimes people just having language for that, that this is, this is a part of me like variety. I think sometimes it can just bring a lot for.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai