Speaker 1  00:05
Sam. That's my brother's name. Oh, gotcha. And what's your name? Athlete? So Atlanta McKenna and Dante. Awesome. We

Unknown Speaker  00:19
know we Yes. Here's the question.

Unknown Speaker  00:22
They answered here. You guys asked me the

Unknown Speaker  00:25
questions. Oh, you don't even don't do. So.

Unknown Speaker  00:31
True. Okay, so what are we going to ask away?

Unknown Speaker  00:39
What's the name of the historian?

Speaker 1  00:43
Historian? Bu. Oh, Luke Cannady? Yeah, that's fine. That's me.

Unknown Speaker  00:53
What is the name? What what year? Was

Unknown Speaker  00:58
it like

Speaker 1  00:59
invented the church? Yeah. So this church was started in 1997.

Speaker 2  01:06
What is the actual Church of Archer the address of the church? This is our church.

Speaker 1  01:16
The address of the church is 245 South Reynolds.

Unknown Speaker  01:24
What is the average attendance

Speaker 2  01:26
if we're just asking questions to you, what does he need to be? Because

Speaker 1  01:31
he's taking notes that Well, you guys have notes to make the report once you've done the average attendance of the church. Is 450 400.

Speaker 2  01:44
Which will, which was trying group or conference is, if any is our church. What I can be really picky

Unknown Speaker  02:07
with the

Speaker 3  02:15
conference, whatever that is, if any is trying to read I don't really

Speaker 1  02:25
know Oh, is our church affiliated. So we're affiliated with the vineyard movement?

Speaker 4  02:37
From what treasure location the founding moments. Family members come from?

Speaker 1  02:47
Which location the founding members come from? They came from another vineyard church in Grand Junction. From Canyon View vineyard and gradually break up the globe.

Unknown Speaker  03:07
Next question,

Unknown Speaker  03:10
what is the average?

Unknown Speaker  03:14
Guys already asked that question. About a question.

Speaker 3  03:18
What was the original version of the fact finding members members? Why was the church started? Why was it started where it was?

Speaker 1  03:33
Can I read the question? Yeah, sorry. original vision the founding members of the church started. Why so the original vision of the church was the three words reveal, restore and release. And the idea was that we would the church wouldn't be founded on three on the three ideas. First one, that we would reveal God's truth that we would restore people to their relationship with God and that we would release them to mint to Ministry of exchange. Second part of the question Wait, wait, wait, why was the church started? The church was started to reach others for Jesus. And why what why was it started where it was in Canyon City? Oh, that's a cool story. So, Kirk, Yamaguchi, Kirk Congeniality, they planted our church and they went to a conference. I think they're doing okay. They went to a conference where they got prayer, and they had a vision from God about planting a church in Canyon City. And they didn't really want the somebody had told them that they should plant a church in Canyon City. And they were like, I don't we don't want to, but then they went to the conference. They got a visit from God about it. Okay, I guess we need to do it. That's why we started.

Unknown Speaker  05:11
Do we already do all the ways?

Unknown Speaker  05:13
I think you'd go to the next page

Unknown Speaker  05:20
trust me

Speaker 3  05:22
again, can you tell my brother just stop it because he's just distracting us from

Speaker 2  05:27
what makes our church inclusive and different from inquiry in different from other churches. With with which we are with

Speaker 1  05:49
what makes our church unique and different from other churches with which we are affiliated or from similar churches? What are some characteristics of people in our church? Let's see what are some? What makes our church unique and different from churches which we are affiliated with?

Speaker 1  06:15
What makes our church unique in from other vineyard churches, I guess? Well, one would be where we're located. Right? We're located there's there's only one other vineyard church in our city and we planted that church. Another thing is that we have a really high value to to minister to kids. So that's why we have the backyard because we want to make sure that kids have a great place. We also have a really high value on worship, singing. And then I would say we have a really high value in being really welcoming to people from all different walks of life, wherever they come from.

Speaker 4  07:16
What is important to our congregation ideas has a family atmosphere provide fellowship for breach city people around us be involved in short term and long term mission work, visiting and singing for elderly people. Yeah.

Speaker 1  07:38
I think things that are really important to our church are we want to have encounters with God. Face to face encounters with God. We want to have real authentic like, probably the best word to be vulnerable community where people can really just be themselves and if they're not having a great day. Come in not having a great day. And I think another big value that we have is we want to serve people who don't have like the least of these, like the poor who want to serve the poor. As best we can. was the question again was important.

Speaker 1  08:33
I think the last one that I would say is that we want to provide a way of following Jesus that is clear and sustainable for people. We want them to be able to know Oh, this is how I follow Jesus. And I can do this for the long haul.

Speaker 3  08:57
To eight of the most important events that have shaped the history of our church, I use new church buildings personally.

Speaker 1  09:09
Yeah, I would say so. The big ones that I think about are when when we started that was a big one. When we bought the land to build this building, and when we built this building, I think important. Every time we've switched every time we've switched pastures that as those have been so there were three different there's been three pastors in our church. So each one of those was a big, pretty big event. One of the ones that I think was really fun is one time I think it was in 22,014. We baptized 100 people in one day. So that was pretty crazy. That was like something that really shaped our church. We had a conference here in 20 in 2010, called the naturally supernatural conference where we had a guy named Gary best come and he taught us how to pray for people and pray for healing and to get prophetic words for people. And that was like really important for our church at the time. COVID in the COVID pandemic happens, I was really big. It wasn't like that. There wasn't like necessarily a good big thing, but it was a pretty big event that happened that affected our church in a pretty good way. One of the things that came out of that that was really good is that it's it. We started to put our services online search for the streaming services online. We didn't have any plans to do that beforehand, but we had to do it afterwards. Do you have any years for when you started about the land building? Yeah. 2008 was when Sophia said it was with me. purchase or just six I'm sorry to purchase the land opened in 1987 was when the poetry was planted. Kirk our founding pastor left in 2008 as well. And then Cory left in 2016. So there's really two chips and pastors think it was in 2014 that we baptize 100 people. And then COVID Of course was go but we can't we can't forget that one. Okay, what's the next question?

Speaker 4  11:47
What are some interesting reporting facts in stores? Should we know about the history of our church

Unknown Speaker  12:00
that's a good question.

Speaker 4  12:02
I have some ideas. Okay. Funny stores here stores. ways I got into prison.

Speaker 1  12:08
Yeah. Oh, that's cool. So some important things, some important facts. I would say when we were we used to me over at seventh and Harrison at the building some of them Harrison, and it only could fit about 130 people. And so at that time, there was about the same amount of people coming to church, as there are now but in a much smaller building. So we were having three and or sometimes four services every Sunday. And so we started praying as a church for a building that could hold everyone. And we also our youth group at the time was really was really large, like 100 students every week. And so when we started praying for a land or for a building, this land came up for sale and it was a lot cheaper than we then it maybe should have been. And so we started praying if there was enough money for the church to buy this land. The cool thing was is the building that's connected to this building. is where our youth building is that was already built. And so we prayed. And then God answered that prayer, we were able to buy the land and the building. And then immediately we had room for our users. So our youth group start the meeting over there right away, which was awesome. So that was a really big answer to prayer. When we were praying when you think when COVID happened, we were praying for what God wanted to do with our church, because it COVID was really hard, right? It was it was hard because churches couldn't meet several weeks. And so we were even wondering like if our church was ever going to be opening it. So we just prayed and we said God, if you don't want the strict to be open anymore, then we just make it clear that you want the church to stay open, and make it clear. And God really answered that prayer by bringing people even right as soon as we started opening back up, people started coming back to church. And that was really neat. And people still supported the church financially through that time, which was really important because we could mean at the time

Speaker 1  14:51
you know, one of the things that God has always done for our church, it has been he's always provided young leaders that are willing to give their time and energy to our church. And that has kept our church really young and healthy and vibrant, because there's young people who are going who I'll lead worship or all preacher all hang out with kids in the backyard. Or I'll hang out with students high school or middle school, so we're really thankful for that.

Speaker 2  15:26
I feel people from the beginning until now who shaped our church. How would you describe

Speaker 1  15:34
a few people so I think about some of course, I think about Kirk and Jane Yamaguchi, who painted our church. Kirk is a little he's a little Asian guy. And he loves Jesus so much. And it was it was really crazy that he kind of came away into our church. Because Canyon City and Fremont County, there's not a lot of this is like mostly people who are white, right? And so it's really cool because an Asian guy came and planted our church and created a little bit more of an invitation for people who have different color skin to be in our church. And I think that's really cool. He is really important for our church. I think there was a guy named Jack Crosby, who planted or who was a pastor of a Baptist church here in town for many years and then he was a mentor for Kirk Yamaguchi and Jeff and really encouraged the vineyard to be planted, even though he wasn't. He wasn't part of the vineyard. He was actually a Baptist. And he was an older pastor. Who really helped lead our older, the older part of our congregation for many years. And when he died, lots of people showed up because he had been so influential in our church I think about Joanna Bender, Georgia vendors and amazingly leader and she has an just an incredible heart for people who don't know Jesus. And for people who are maybe like don't have very much money or maybe have they haven't always made good choices in their lives, but she's always just been so kind and caring and supportive. And loving to them. And that really set up partly she influenced our troops to kind of have the same attitude towards me. So Joetta I think was really important. And then the last one I think about is Coleen Bowen. She has been in our church for gosh, 25 years. And she has just always been here she's done everything for children's church to being an elder to helping the poor a lot in our church. She helps with people who are doing funerals like for families who have a loved one who died. And so she's been really important to like loving and caring and pastor of our church.

Speaker 3  18:08
What are some words that we or others use to do? This? Dr. Khan Great.

Speaker 1  18:17
CONGREGATION. What are some words

Speaker 1  18:30
that's a hard one for me. Crazy, baby. I don't know I think welcoming is one word that people will use a lot to describe our congregation friendly. I think worship Folk is another word.

Speaker 1  18:56
Joyful, I would say it's another word I would use Yeah. Xemnas

Unknown Speaker  19:09
Waterlogue welcome. Or

Speaker 4  19:14
domestic domestic ministries within the United States that we support our

Speaker 5  19:19
funding or are called briefly what happened. Okay.

Speaker 1  19:25
Yeah, so we support those and fishes ministries, and they serve they serve the homeless here in Fremont County, and lo and people who have low income. We support Salem mountain ministries, which is a foster care organization that serves families who have foster kids. We support the pregnancy center, which supports how young moms are expecting moms. And then we also support Convoy of Hope, which is a large national and international organization. And domestically, they do a lot of work. With disaster relief across the United States. What else? There's a lot there's other organizations that we have supported in the past, for sure that our local mercy today ministries who supported mercy today ministries and partnered with them young life, we've supported them partner with young lives. Family Crisis Services, we supported them

Speaker 1  20:38
yeah, maybe some others but I can't think of him right now.

Speaker 2  20:44
Like for foreign missions, missions, does our church support or send missionaries? Yeah,

Speaker 1  20:57
so we are partner with an organization that in Nicaragua called Reef Grenada. We partner we support a lady named Jessica Ketchum who I can't say where she is specifically but she's in the Middle East. And she does ministry to people there. We have planted churches in Myanmar. We did that a few years ago. And then we support a guy named John Juan Dara who plants churches and leads pastures in Uganda. And and then we support Convoy of Hope which does a lot of international work all around the world with feeding programs for kids, and does disaster relief and does helps women start their own businesses and other parts of the world and they also help farmers who to be able to plant and grow and harvest crops

Unknown Speaker  22:10
is that it? That's a big report you guys are gonna have to do. I'm impressed. You everybody can we think about the report it


Transcribed by https://otter.ai