Speaker 1  00:01
But, but I think so. So there's a handful of pieces in that one of the biggest things. For me, I can't remember where all of this stuff was in my own processing since we talked I think it may have been, I don't even know I honestly can't remember, but I know this thing has been just continually like pressing on me like the last two weeks, and. And one of the things that has been a fundamental shift is understanding that the kingdom is about people. And all of this other stuff that we do is, like, like it's like the. It's like the structure that. It's like, or like, these are the roads through which we have to meet people. And, and I think one of the big realizations for me is.

Speaker 1  01:08
So like we all have our kind of unique unique blueprint, or unique whatever it is that we are. I know for myself that one of the things that has become stronger and stronger is like this whole thing of, of, of discernment and sensitivity to, like, things that aren't seen. And there's this whole journey and process of like, why am I feeling this Why am I experiencing this like this is like been going from A. I'm so horribly broken because I'm picking up on this kind of stuff to recognize, to, to, like, well first it's that. And then it's like, oh I'm picking up on this stuff I need to be the savior. In quick fix it. And then it's like being okay with experiencing that and walking ins into situations, but not allowing that to, like, basically it's like, oh, Hey, like there's something really interesting going on like something's not right. I think going into that with like the god What is it, like, like is it a. First of all, is it is a who like who, who, like, like, Is there somebody that that you're drawing my heart towards is there. And in with and this kind of ties back to, to what I was sharing on syndicate with that is part of bringing the kingdom then is helping bring people into righteousness, peace and joy, so that when they're when they're in this place that they're not aligned with with where God has to the fullness of what God has called them to that there's an opportunity for me to reach them where they're at and engage with them where they're at. And that a lot of the bringing the kingdom really is, is, is just that. So that's one example. Another example is of seeking first the Kingdom is in life, not being being willing not to compromise the peace. And so one of the hardest things for me to learn has been that there's certain projects that seem to be urgent that seem to be important. And yet, there's like this, lack of peace about it, and being willing to allow peace to be my empire. And there's part of it that makes me feel like when you're so used to be, to, to being defining provision, outside of the kingdom. Then there's kind of this thing of like well it's on me, and if I don't want to do that that's just laziness. And like. But what if, what if literally. That's not for me to carry for me to do or maybe it's not the time, or maybe it's not alright and rather than just simply pushing through it. It requires us to step back then, because sometimes there are literally things that need to be done. But, stepping back and saying, Well, okay, but why is there no peace there. Like is there, like I don't even know what questions to ask. Like maybe this is literally is like maybe you literally want me to go find somebody else to help me with this, or maybe, maybe this is not time because there's other things I need to learn, or see before I actually embark on that. Or maybe actually have this happen quite a bit. Where, even in terms of like scheduling, like, like the logical place to schedule this is here. And even in that like learning to follow the piece of like not there. And like, No, I think this is actually the right place for it. And sometimes I know why sometimes I don't know why I don't necessarily even always have to know why, but there's other times where it becomes really clear of like, no like that part actually needed to stay open or, I don't know, here's an example from this past week I reached out to a friend of mine, because I just, he was on my mind, and it was on my heart to connect with him, and I said look like here's where it's at. I don't know but here we are. And he responded back and he said, Can you can you join me for a call at pre scheduled call at this time. On this day, and I knew that that was the morning that beneath his mom was supposed to fly out. So logically. I need to either be at home with the kids or be working with whatever like all that stuff. But it was an example where

Speaker 1  06:11
I'm not saying, My batting average is not, you know, it's not 100% on this by any means but if I felt in my heart that that rather than waffling and saying well maybe if I can, I should just give him my Yes, and so I did, trusting that it was going to work out and then, because the snow binita ended up taking your mom up. Wednesday night, and I mentioned it to her. But it wasn't even that he really had to make it a big deal with her about the scheduling because it worked out. And in that it's so that I see that as an example of

Speaker 1  07:00
there's sometimes these things of should or shouldn't. But when we actually start to approach them. There's, there's a, there's a wall there. And so the question then is, like, obviously God like there's something here that's not bringing peace. And what is it, and sometimes it's. Sometimes it's, again, it requires an active relationship, because sometimes when you're about to meet with somebody. There's this. Another good example of this. But sometimes before you meet with somebody like there's there's things you can tell that there's something off, like, hey, like, I shouldn't want to meet with them I don't really what's up. And it may mean you shouldn't. It may also just be that like, okay, like, like, like the invitation to step into, like, okay, God, I'm meeting with this person what's going on with this person. What do I need to know before I meet with them and allowing him to unpack that. So, our primary responsibility on the earth is to live that just simple every day, where we go. Whatever we do, Just a walk in step with him it's like that's it's literally that simple.

Speaker 1  08:53
There's a second piece of that. That is this understanding that God has there, there are certain things that

Speaker 1  09:17
explain this. So, so people have certain ways of categorizing people. And so, as, as people observe people as he observed their history what they're doing what their, what they've done like like what they perceive to be their abilities and all these things, they'll start to assign expectations on that person. And so, this person is like this person become is like super, you know like, I think for me, just using me as an example. Because of my history with computers, I get labeled as the computer guy. And so that's what people see that's what's been reinforced that's what. But the question really then becomes, and so this becomes a label that people have put on me. So I use this because there's this expectation that I if I use this gift right here that other people see that when I use it, it will prosper.

Speaker 1  10:32
And then, so I use it. I feel empty doing that because that's not actually their skills and knowledge, and it's that I have a stewardship of, but it's actually not connected to my purpose. And so I end up being like, there's this emptiness that comes out of that. And then it's like, I feel good. I should be rewarded. I'm not seeing the reward that I would expect. And so, but in order to move to the reward that I would expect. I still need to do this thing because this thing is the vehicle that's going to get me there. So for me, what I was told was that software would be. I think software does play a part in in like in like where guys calling him. I'm not saying that but for me it was like pregnant what I was told was that programming would be the pathway to fund, what God has like defund the ministry or whatever it was that I was going to do. But there was never any blessing there was never any promotion there was never any fulfillment there was never any, like, nothing besides just the standard like pay raises because I've been there a long time, there was, there were no. Again, no promotions if there was no, like, and there was no life for me. But it was supposed to be the vehicle that would get me to where he wanted me to be. Contrast that to what that really put me on which is goes back to our conversation last two weeks ago, is there's a proverb that says that your gift will make room for you. So the question then becomes and the mystery becomes and the adventure with God becomes. What is that gift that's within me again for myself like this has been a digging, like, a journey of digging and walking with God and asking him and praying and like for myself I've come to realize that there are like for me, it's people. It's, it's helping people see the big picture and get connected to that and know where they fit in that. And to some degree, there's a there's a piece of that that's helping people know how to order their lives around them, or even just how to order their lives.

Speaker 1  13:12
Those are things that God, I believe God is but really deeply into my heart, that's part of who he's called me to be. So when I show up in software software is an excuse to engage with our clients. It's an excuse to engage with my employees. But how I show up with my. I've stopped trying to show up in the software in the business as a developer, because God has not given me the grace for that. And instead I show up around, people around the big picture, and around helping put these pieces in place. And I don't always do it perfectly. But the more that I do that. The more that I do that with other people, the more that there's. There is favor and promotion that comes with that because that is the gift.

Unknown Speaker  14:04
And somewhere. There is this. The, the, the, what most people try to do is they try to

Speaker 1  14:23
figure that out, apart from a relationship with God and so the, you try to create some kind of, I don't know formula like this is like, here's how I would add all the pieces up together and like, I don't know, maybe it works for them, I don't know, actually I didn't know. I don't think it does. But when you do it in relationship with god there's this unpacking and there's this thing of like, I've known for a long time that these are things that are. Okay, let me say this, on the, on the big picture thinking like that's that's been in my heart for, like, probably as long as I can remember I never really knew how it would even fit with anything I felt completely useless. In terms of people. I come from, like, where I've been my perception of people, has been so absolutely broken. Like, even my frame of mind about how to think about people, has been so broken that that part. I, when I was in the league. When I was in the seventh or eighth grade, I wrote a letter to myself, and I basically said that. I don't think you'll be, you'll be, you'll be able to be a programmer long term because of the people like because you want you need to be with people. And yet, even in that. There is so much there were so many layers around allowed how to relate with people like how to understand people like, like, like how do you view people that I honestly don't think like those layers started coming off, especially after I got married, and started getting into like honestly watching, watching and learning from vinita is healthy relationship with other relationships with people. But then even within this past year, there have been more and more layers that have continued to come off. So that was buried. nobody that I'm aware of. Every time came up to me. Well, there were, I'm sorry. Nobody of their own, that it wasn't like something that got laid on there. I don't think ever has come up to me and said, you are a person that is capable of working with really difficult people like working, working with people and helping unpack who people are. That wasn't. Nobody saw it. But God saw it, because he put it inside of me. Even though it was, it was buried through just family culture through upbringing through all of these different things.

Speaker 1  17:16
So there's a second piece of this provision, which is what is the gift that God has, like, who is Monica. Apart from even apart from your perceptions, from what you've known apart from what other people have known, like what is this thing that that is unfolding in you. Because it's actually within that,

Unknown Speaker  17:43
that your provision is that make sense. Then the third piece is this. Let me see if I can find it. So we talked about seeking first the Kingdom but the question then is, what's the thing that's

Speaker 1  18:27
what is the barrier for most people to see first the kingdom, or not just the barrier most people what is the barrier to seeking first. Jesus said right before he gave us, gave that command he said therefore do not be anxious, saying what should we eat, what should we drink, what should we wear with a Gentile seek after these things and your heavenly Father knows that you need them all. But seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness and all of these things will be added unto you. So there's this other kind of programming that we have is this sense of this worry that is masked as a sense of responsibility. Like here's this problem. I'm responsible. I'm going to solve it. And it looks like responsibility, it looks like the right thing. But underneath it all is a worry. Because we ended up taking it on ourselves, instead of allowing him to carry it. And so worry is like faith. Faith is irresponsible when it's not connected to the source. It's not connected to him like that's just what it is. But the only thing that we have to steward is him like he is our stewardship and. And so there are things that worry us about what will happen if what will happen if I can't figure out, okay, here's one, like, here's where I feel like he's taking me. But what will happen if I can't figure out what to do after that. What will happen if I'm in this, in this magazine in this place running this thing, and I don't have the resources to sustain it. What will happen if I can't find those people, and can't persuade those people to come help me with it. Like

Speaker 1  21:08
will happen if I start unpacking this whole thing of what God's put in my heart to to somehow mother like whatever that looks like for these girls like what happens if. What happens if I embrace that. But then what. And there's this, there's this whole aspect of life. By which I know by all appearances. I look absolutely crazy, even to myself.

Unknown Speaker  21:46
And I wouldn't be if it would not be for this. He's commanded me not to worry. And there's a confidence that I'm walking where he wants me to walk

Speaker 1  22:09
in not always even perfectly just continually coming back to him. And like, I need you, I need your agenda. I need to like any, he knows before he knows beforehand.

Speaker 1  22:35
Myself there's not a single call on my calendar that he does not know what I need for that call before it happens. And he knows when I'm sensitive to him about when I schedule those things or don't schedule these things. That's when I know that things are in place that either I won't have to prepare heavily, or I will have time before that, the time that I need before that to prepare for it.

Speaker 1  23:02
or in these x meetings about. Where are we going. He can either give you those ideas. Now, or he can give you those ideas then.

Speaker 1  23:25
If there are people that you're supposed to connect with that you haven't been able to is, keep walking. And if you can't connect with them, it might not be the right time. If you have, if you don't have peace about reaching out, you don't reach out. But if you do then you do. And it may be that part of the reason you're in this season of, like, just like I don't know like, it's like, kind of Caterpillar like pushing against its cocoon, it may be that he wants your eyes to be opened, so that when he does get you to cross paths with the person who will be able to take this over and to take it to the next level to wherever it needs to go that you'll have eyes to see a heart to hear. Understand, and it may not be the kind of person that other people recognize as being the right kind of person. But if you, if, if you're in step with him. He'll show you. And, and it's as simple as walking with instead with him. And if this is what he's putting on your heart. The, the certainty with which that you are going to meet that person is, there's no doubt, like, he will not set something in motion that he will not see through to the end. You can rest in that you can, it's money in the bank like it's

Speaker 2  25:18
connects with me a lot and I think there's a part of me that, like, I have this just. I was driving Scotland just shapes there were just some stuff that happened this week in my life that were very, like, I don't know, fell crushing. But

Unknown Speaker  25:43
I was

Speaker 2  25:44
on Sky worrying and I felt like God opened something between me and him that I haven't had in a really long time. And I felt like he was telling me that I have been silenced. For a while, and that I've like. I mean that's it's been, you know, circumstances, outside of my control that have kind of brought me that place and yet it was my choice to like to be silenced. And like I don't even know how I came. Maybe I've looked looked up the word silence or something but I came across a 62 and it was like for for design sake I will not keep silent until her righteousness like it's basically her, tell her righteousness shines like a burning right torch. And in that design sake I felt all these, like, you know, that's my sister Jericho that's my mom and dad that's Geron that's all of these girls that God's put on my heart like from their sake, and even beyond that for my sake and for the sake of the kingdom like I, I won't be silenced. and so I don't know what that looks like. Like I don't know what God's calling me to, like, to step into I think first of all it's just like that. Not being silent spiritually. Like, I don't know, I can't describe really how it happened. So much yesterday. But, so I think there's even that, like, if God says, God says that I'm not silent anymore and if God says that, like that I kind of went on to say something about like I will stand watch like I will, I am the watchman kind of like, if God says that's who I am, like that, like kind of like what you're saying now like is, that's the thing. Versus like what it looks like because I could close out tomorrow and I could still walk. Yes, in that like that they're in. Or I could continue to walk in that and have greater freedom than I've ever had. So that really connects with me.

Unknown Speaker  28:31
But I don't think it's gonna be like. It's not gonna be like okay, bam, here's the here's what you need, like I don't sense it. This is really mean like that.

Speaker 2  28:44
I don't know and I even the thing I've been thinking it's even like what if I would, I don't know if it's the end of March or the end of April or some, some point just close down all the stuff I'm doing. And just step away from everything, and whether it's a month or two months or three months just be like, no, that's to just like, if that's just to like focus just on vibrant girl. That's to,

Unknown Speaker  29:14
I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  29:25
Like what event. The next step is for.

Speaker 1  29:35
So how do you make room for something that's something new that's coming.

Unknown Speaker  29:57
All the things are holding on to right now. Well,

Unknown Speaker  30:23
there are their seasons. Actually it's almost more like this. It's kind of like when you've had your identity. Like this is who I am.

Speaker 1  30:54
Like, it's almost like like before you can even pick up the pieces of what this new thing is there's like this, step by step, disassembly of like, but I thought I was this person but I thought it was that bad I thought it was, but I thought it was a laying down all of those pieces. Because here's what I've seen, so I touched on this briefly on Sunday but. But Jesus said it's easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for the rich man to enter the kingdom. And this is my personal understanding of it is that there are two ways to accomplish something. There's the way of Ishmael. And there's the way of Isaac, there's a way of our own effort of human thinking and human reasoning. And there's the way of God. And, and, and when God wants to take us from places. From when God wants to move us from, from the things that we've built into building things his way. There is a disassembling process. And he's gentle and he's kind, and he's good in all of it. But there is this unraveling of things that all of a sudden, like you just can't hold it together anymore. And, like, like it's almost like you, your life starts going backwards. Because there's all of these crutches, all of these things that I was able to use in order to get some kind of measurable results. And then there's this, there's this trust and there's this fear, there's this trust that knowing your his hand is in it. But then there's this fear of is he actually going to catch me when I get down to the bottom. But it's the lake. Like the issue of what I believe Jesus was addressing there wasn't the issue specifically about the amount of money that you have. I believe what he was addressing was the means through which the path through which you build that. Whether it's through Ishmael, or whether it's through

Unknown Speaker  33:11
its it's through the, the works of man or whether it's through the promises of God.

Speaker 1  33:20
And so the reason it's difficult, I think, is because when you've built your. When you build anything, but all the more so when you build your empire. One man's way of doing things, then there is this being like being made low that comes, that is required to enter the kingdom. I'm saying this, like, because, like, and so. So in the same way like, like, here's my stuff. I'm not even saying it wasn't even saying it wasn't a God thing I'm not even saying, We're not saying that at all but. But when he wants us to wants to take us into this new place. There is kind of that like is it actually gonna end okay.

Unknown Speaker  34:23
But

Speaker 1  34:25
you don't know what's over here yet. But he does. So if he's talking to you about playing stuff. Ask him about it,

Speaker 2  36:10
simplicity of the last thing you said like if he's asking me, like I can just ask him.

Speaker 1  36:32
He's not scared of that processing.

Unknown Speaker  39:21
Putting metal.

Speaker 1  40:46
This might be mostly kind of a girl that maybe it's elsewhere but. Do you ever feel that tension between like I feel like this is what God is taking me. And yet, How do I bring other people along with that.

Unknown Speaker  41:10
You, especially if it doesn't totally make sense to me. Are you actually there's been so much last couple months and, like, has been stirring for me and like even,

Unknown Speaker  41:50
you know,

Speaker 2  41:53
people on my team and stuff it asked me to keep them updated and stuff, like I happen, because I guess I'm so penetrating sort of what God's asking me to to get on board for I guess.

Unknown Speaker  42:14
Actually answering your question.

Speaker 1  42:36
Just, just because just because somebody works for you, even if it's in this type of an environment, doesn't give them the right to always know what's going on. And just because somebody is in the role that they, they're in doesn't always give them the right to speak into what's going on.

Speaker 1  43:18
So there are times when God is doing something. And he's stirring something that it's okay to protect it from the people who aren't able to hold it. Because, even as you process and even as you hear from God and even as you've, you know you're seeing in part, you're not seeing the whole.

Unknown Speaker  43:59
And this might be the bigger challenge that when there is a direction that he's leading you.

Unknown Speaker  44:14
That's not completely clear. Sure they need to know what their responsibilities are but

Speaker 1  44:33
there are two kinds of helpfulness hope, there are two kinds of helpfulness. There's the helpfulness of. Let me come alongside you and let me help you work this out. And then there's the helpfulness of. I will never tell this to your face, but I don't think you know what you're doing. And I think we should do it like this. And those are two very different things.

Unknown Speaker  45:23
The second one was.

Unknown Speaker  45:26
I wouldn't tell you to your face but I think you should.

Speaker 1  45:41
I don't want it to look like I'm pushing you in a certain direction. But I'm also not really going to, I'm not going to freely let you go the direction that you that you're feeling LED.

Speaker 1  46:00
No, this isn't some sort of some kind of standard curriculum and I'm not exactly sure why I'm saying this except I think that God has you in a season and I think part of you opening your mouth, and being not being silent, I think part of it honestly comes back to your team. And I think that there. I think part of what God is building in you is an even stronger backbone, as a leader, because I think that there's some things that God has put in your heart that you've compromised on and I'm not faulting you for it. I have not like this is not. But that there are some things that he's putting your heart to do. And that there hasn't been the buy in the jewelry that you would expect or maybe even need in order to see it through. Maybe absolutely 100% crazy.

Speaker 2  46:56
No, I think that, that if I was up but I don't know if that comes from my team. Okay, do you think, I think, the lack of buy in comes to maybe more from like not even sure where but maybe just even partially like, like, like I don't know if it's even just like parent. Feels like sometimes, like the strongholds of some of the legalism, and some of that stuff in in the crowd that I'm trying to help break free from that is so strong that like they come across something that's like, Oh, we don't like we don't think this is Christian. Like, they're gonna go out of their way to let me know that. Oh, and I think maybe that's probably where I've let myself be afraid of like appearances, like more for that, because it's so like how do you like when you're selling something you're trying to fight against that. But in a way, parents have to be like comfortable with like what you're teaching in order to like get it for their girls and you're like, kind of, constantly up against that. Yeah, like I had somebody, email me the other day who's like, one of the illustrations in our magazine she didn't like the way that the chins were illustrated because it seemed like it reminded her of like literature that she read before she was a Christian. And like, that's not in line with Christian beliefs like that's the kind of stuff that I sometimes and so it's so dark. And, like, so how do you push against that, and yet have to have a like. Like you see my dilemma, like you have to have a level of buying from parents. Reach like their kids with gospel truth but if they're so bound up in all of this like legalistic mumbo jumbo then like how do you. I think that's the. I wonder if that's that were part of my. I know there's a lot more to it but like, maybe part of like my silence on some, maybe some topics is just, I feel like I carry that maybe more than. I don't know how to, how to, like, navigate that sometimes,

Speaker 2  49:52
so I don't yeah I don't know if like the whole team thing, necessarily, but I feel that

Unknown Speaker  49:59
the subscribers are right. Make sense. One of my friends posted. Recently she shared how she, one of her friends got her signed up for this mailbox club subscription. the something or other, that her parents were upset because they got something about being born again.

Speaker 1  50:47
And they really, really upset. And she took it and she hid in her bedroom. She prayed and accepted Christ. And her life changed.

Speaker 1  51:10
Wow. So, jump back to what we had at the beginning. I don't know what this looks like. I don't even know

Unknown Speaker  51:46
what would it look like if you had a godly mature woman of God. That would be your armor bearer. Their only job is to take darts for you. And to pray for these people as they write in.

Unknown Speaker  52:37
So it actually looks like me sending those to them, and having them. Just like you know like prayer warriors and stuff like pray. Yeah, I mean that's actually something I've thought about. Recently, Cuz dress and I

Unknown Speaker  53:24
am talking about

Unknown Speaker  53:26
putting in

Speaker 2  53:28
maybe one or two axiology advisors who are be like older women you could kind of read through our content, and just take off some of that burden of happiness when through like is this is this truth is it, letting you have stuff coming from so many different people. And I just don't know. Recently I was like well maybe that could be more like more of an advisory than even that like maybe it could be them like, if there would be even two or three people like inner circle like hey this is what

Unknown Speaker  54:03
this is what

Unknown Speaker  54:05
God's laid on your heart, this is what we're up against could you pray like.

Speaker 1  54:16
Yes. Yes. I don't think it would could be a huge relief, and may actually lend you some credibility because you're okay this like a fight against it with a passion passionately but because you're young. You're, you're not considered to be as grounded in this

Speaker 1  54:47
age is a number that is not correlated with maturity. But I think it could be of tremendous value to you just to be able to say thanks for sharing your concern. I'd like to have you talk with fill in the blank. And these are, these are the ladies who pray over each issue and, and in review each issue to make sure that, you know, whatever you want to say, like that's what that's their department that's what they do. Thanks for letting me know and you're just the traffic director. Okay, to talk to them. Bachchan, doctor. But then, like you said like having played with.

Unknown Speaker  55:39
Would it wouldn't it.

Speaker 1  55:44
Oh, this is just brainstorming, who's actually got it okay so, like, what would it, what would an intercessor team look like for this stuff, like what if, and I don't know. All right, like let's go back way to the back to the beginning Kingdom kingdom come, bringing the kingdom, your assignment is to bring the kingdom. And so your assignment for whatever reason God has given you an audience into these girls as homes into homes that are legalistic controlling full of darkness, full of witchcraft, because like, all those things hang out together. And so for God's kingdom to come into these notches and maybe it's not even these kids is lives like into these mothers lives into these marriages into these families. Like what does that actually look like. There are, again, that saying this is like formula, but like, there's a fun testimony of, I think it was. I want to say smith wigglesworth, who would put his hand on booklets that they were mailing out and pray over them as they were going out and like God would touch people as they opened, open up up the envelope.

Speaker 1  57:11
God has legions of angels that are on assignment. What, like, could we be crazy enough to believe for his angels to go with this thing, and allow it not to be seen in the places in the same way that we smuggle things that smuggle things in other countries that these could be smuggled in, or that as they go, that they would clear the air like couldn't, could we have something like that.

Unknown Speaker  57:47
It's one of those possible ideas.

Unknown Speaker  57:51
Like, how easy would it be,

Unknown Speaker  57:53
how easy maybe

Unknown Speaker  57:54
like three or four older women just like do that pretty.

Speaker 1  58:00
And they would be delighted and honored and love, and they would store heaven on your behalf. could change some stuff.

Speaker 2  59:51
It's interesting because addressing I talked about just putting that like article reading advisor thing, and I just could have. We've been talked about two people for it. And she was like, Okay, wait to hear from you

Unknown Speaker  1:00:11
to feel a piece of

Speaker 2  1:00:15
that piece there that was missing it needed to wait for some.

Speaker 1  1:00:40
And there's no harm if you want to make this is just like I said an email list. But

Speaker 1  1:00:56
I'm okay drawing lines with people. And so, even having a Google group, you know, I don't know how this goes. You know you can set up groups if depending how it's all set up and all this other kinds of stuff which you must set up but having having a group email that specific before review pad

Unknown Speaker  1:01:17
by brick by brick girl or whatever you like to overcomplicate it but here's the committee. If you know if you get to that point. Simply is whatever the committee. And then here's how you reach them. And suddenly they become the, they become the visible authority on that wherever it's worth.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:48
So.

Speaker 1  1:01:56
All right, so, so just recap for me a little bit. What, what's the biggest process

Speaker 2  1:02:13
is the one thing I'm processing. Okay. If this takes more time. Like if I don't come up with a really quick answer right away. Because even just like that piece, they're like, well there's a piece I can work on, like, please continue stepping back and looking at like yours, who

Unknown Speaker  1:03:02
God has created me to be.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:05
What's that,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:08
where is he leading me to, like, I may even continue thinking about just like

Unknown Speaker  1:03:22
what it would look like to

Unknown Speaker  1:03:24
take 30%. Yeah, I can make a decision. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:34
Yes it is. It is very much so.

Speaker 2  1:03:42
Oh my god job odd jobs aren't getting the income or if it means a mentor to offer reviver girl to really know. In some ways, if I were to take them under too often, and grow I think I'd end up putting more work into trying to somehow break the system, and then put it back into motion, than it would be to just let it kind of keep rolling.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:25
Doesn't mean that doesn't mean that God wants you to revamp the entire system. Because there are people who are in place, who are carrying things along, and maybe it's.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:41
Who's to know.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:43
Maybe this is to remake you. One thing I do know is that revealed people remake things.

Speaker 1  1:05:01
So if you take that time off. Can you experience. Change inside of yourself, you are going to bring that back. And it is going to change influences. It's going to give it.

Speaker 2  1:05:21
I even thought like if I would need to work out hey, I want to take off two months. I have no clue where this will end up so I can't make a promise about what's happening at the end of these two months but is there anyone out there that would want to just like cover financially for me,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:44
those two months,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:46
give me

Unknown Speaker  1:05:49
her diva friend a

Unknown Speaker  1:05:50
group of people

Unknown Speaker  1:06:01
have no savings. You might not want me to do that.

Speaker 1  1:06:07
That's exactly right. Exactly right. Exactly right. Sorry I'm jumping back. I'm still processing this the theology advisors and intercessors.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:26
There's a world of difference between finding a team of intercessors and asking, Can we put your type Can we put you right.

Speaker 1  1:06:40
So World of Difference of saying, Let me hunt down some theology advisors. And let's give them this responsibility versus saying, Can I hunt down some intercessors. And can we give you the privilege of reading through this before it goes to press. And we give you the label of the allergy advisors. But you guys are our intercessors. That's a, that's a big difference. Big difference. It's kind of like this, I guess. I think you might have kind of alluded to that. Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:30
Good. Good. Good stuff. And then we've got skipping the next two weeks, and then the 19th and the 26th. Cool. Sounds good. Awesome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai