Unknown Speaker  01:03
So Jeremy, it's good to see you.

Unknown Speaker  01:08
Yeah. Me really busy. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  01:12
Yeah. A bit.

Unknown Speaker  01:14
Was that was that sales calls you run not

Speaker 1  01:18
knows when he was meeting with the contractor and then check in with my assistant. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:23
yeah. And how's things he can get health?

Speaker 1  01:29
Yeah. Good, good health families well. So in the middle of last a fairly big plant about two or three months ago. So I'm course correcting for that.

Unknown Speaker  01:48
So what do you say about the client?

Speaker 1  01:53
fairly large engagement ended? ended about two months ago, two or three months ago. So

Speaker 2  01:58
didn't right. Okay. Yeah, yeah. So,

Speaker 1  02:01
of course, correcting from that and just looking to type things over until I get the right next. Next thing to go in on?

Speaker 2  02:09
Yep. I see. Okay, so you're freed up at this point in time? Somewhat? Somewhat? Yeah. Yes. Okay. Well, good. See, is always my friend. So

Unknown Speaker  02:23
yeah, just where do we start? Where would you like to start?

Speaker 1  02:30
Well, I mean, I don't know, what are you want to cover? A I think I still struggled with, you know, we've talked about communities in the past. And, and

Speaker 1  02:49
I think in light of the, you know, light of the documents that I sent over, it could be perhaps helpful. I don't know, seeing what, what vision you would have? Or what kind of communities could be built out?

Speaker 2  03:07
Well, in answer to that any type of community. And that could be just, you know, it could be just a community for an association. It could be a community for a university, could be a community for bank could be a community for the new Dubai marketplace. That, you know, happens to they've got a marketplace, and they need a community element on there as well. And, you know, on the letter in regards to that, for example, that is a project that platform is have done as one of their sort of named clients is Neo. So, yeah, I mean, anything really, it's, it's, it's very, very diverse, and it is limitless, the possibilities. At this point in time, there is, you know, a certain kit that they have pre built that can then be built upon, you know, and also there's marketplace MultiVendor Marketplace, which we've both looked into before because we can vote see the value and both those things. And I think we are both, you know, community people as well. So, you know, we see the value in organizations and people and skills and bringing them together under one roof, where people can exchange and help one another and even trade. That's where the potential value can come in. And then, you know, if it's one industry say, for example, it was construction. You know, you might have all this suppliers there might have all the professionals, so you can help them, you know, say for example, in recruitment, if you would have a job board or courses or whatever you want. But then if you can think if you think about having all of that under the one roof, all of those organizations and people in the one gated community, for members, I also see value where you can then offer that to the external world who need the services of either the professionals and or the organizations in there. So you can have like an RFP, point of exchange, so you come to the front end of that community, which is just like a website, really, you enter the there are a portal, and you put in there, you know, I'm looking for someone, or an organizations that can fulfill this project requirement. And then those within the community that have maybe paid for access to that can then you know, exchange information. So you got the value of internally, as in, you know, the organizations and professionals, but potentially externally as well, then, it's just so diverse, you know. So, yeah, well,

Speaker 1  06:20
what's, what's the revenue model? For people who implement this? It's a annual membership fee monthly membership be?

Speaker 2  06:28
Again, it's very diverse. So, you know, some people would host a community of practice, where no, maybe the sponsors are literally paying for the entire service. And therefore, you could either offer very highly discounted membership fees to both the organizations and the professionals, or may be free to one or the other, or completely free. Or you might decide, okay, well, I think your organizations should pay for this, you know, because we want to help the individuals within, you know, this industry, the professionals, the students, you know, and so, therefore, no, we charge the organizations a membership fee, they get get, you know, you can provide different value for the organizations, it could be that they, you know, put up their jobs for free as part of that membership, as well as have access to the professionals, maybe courses, maybe they've got something to sell to the professionals, you know, services, you know, that the professionals would then want to, you know, take on board, resale, or you know, buy for themselves, whatever. So, it's really diverse, you know, and flexible, how you can come up with all sorts of ways to fund both the the community build, and then you know, moving forward, you know, on a yearly basis, you know, how are you launch charge those people you think if you attach a marketplace to it as well, I mean, think about like Fiverr for example. So you have a fiver for your community. And, you know, maybe your choice, or Upwork for example, I think Upwork have now upped their fees to either 10 or 20% something like that used to be like five used to be 5% but they've upped it anyway you can charge what you want so you could charge say for example, even a 2% on the transactions that are going on within your multi vendor marketplace. You know, when you're when you're talking on volume you're talking serious money obviously can potentially be made on that so there's all sorts of add ons and different ways of working it you know, whichever way you find is going to provide the best value to whoever the people in organizations or within your your community ultimately

Unknown Speaker  09:14
there's there's

Speaker 1  09:21
three clear ways I could I could see this going number one

Speaker 1  09:32
this is perfect for okay number one sorry, let me back up. Last time we talked you we were you were looking at Platform OS is kind of the foundation to build all this stuff on with kind of near me is a layer on top of that. Is that still gonna wear your space? Is that with this Yeah.

Speaker 2  10:03
Okay, so basically the way the way they want to work, okay, is, as the name suggests, a platform operating system, that then the channel partners is this, how they wish to make the business and the revenue. So the general partners would be developers, agencies and consultancies. So therefore, these, these people take it as white label. And let me just say, as well, matters, it's not just for communities and marketplaces at all, either. You know, it's flexible, it can, you know, it's limitless, what you can develop on the actual platform itself. Now, that platform is basically the operating system, as it says, suggests, so automated, DevOps, all of that, you know, included, it will sit on top of any infrastructure, one, AWS, as your Oracle, whatever, even bare metal. And then you as a developer, can build what ever you want, on top of that, using whatever, you know, JavaScript framework you want. And in addition, they are they provide kits to help the channel partners as well. So you have to think of a knowledge base, as well. So they have something called Doc's kit, which they've won awards on already. But they're only just about stop marketing. So it's something we've been working on for a very long time. And you can have your own knowledge base, using their ready made kit, as well. And it is beautifully done, when you when you see what the output and stuff is. So that's one kit, one kit of many kits. So you know, the community kit, the docs, kit, design kit, there, you know, there's going to be a kit for the government type services that we were discussing, as well. So Department of Buildings, you know, construction, maintenance type projects. So, you know, the potential of that, you know, therefore, there's already a ready made kit for someone like yourself, potentially, or others, you know, that you would know, that you can take out and develop from and sell as your own and they'll maintain it, and you can make some serious money from that, as well.

Speaker 2  12:51
But yeah, back to me, what if that was your question as well. So in regards to myself, I am working twofold. So I am bringing, starting to bring clients to, to them, you know, that are interested in in using the platform, developers, agencies and consultancies. And also my what I'm working on now is to actually have a white label version of of it, myself, but for communities plus marketplace. Software kit, that I will then work with others to then build out and then you know, sell on. And in coupling that together with building an authority site for community builders, which is the what information that I've been working on curating and developing my own wiki for many, many years. That's already and I have a considerable network now or within the community professionals. communities as well. So yeah, that's really me. My test. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  14:16
So is there a reason why? Maybe this is what you're doing. That you're not running a membership now for community professionals?

Speaker 2  14:31
No, the minute I volunteer for CMX hub. They've got I can't remember how many they've gotten their Facebook group. Now. It's probably like 50 over 15,000, something like that. And I'm one of the administrators of the Facebook group. So their communities exist, mainly on Facebook and slack. So I'm just a voluntary role there, but it's a roll of press stage so on LinkedIn, you'll see that I'm down as a community for CMX. So those within that industry recognize that. So you know, if at some point, you know, I then transfer to my own thing that will remain on my profile of something that I've done. And I'm, I'm well connected in that professional as well.

Unknown Speaker  15:25
It seems to me like this is a the problem with platforms and frameworks is that you're probably difficult there to two or three steps away from the actual problem, we saw

Unknown Speaker  15:42
three steps away from the

Speaker 1  15:44
from from the problem that they solve in the market. What do you mean? So if somebody pulls up the platform iOS website, it's not okay. If I'm talking to an industry association, no, even better trade magazines. I go to a trade magazine and say, Would you like to increase your membership fees? And, and further entrench yourself as the authority and and networker within this industry? Yes or no? And well, that's kind of obvious. Yes. Or I go to a leading software vendor in the space and I say, your software vendor? Would you like to own the market? Because you own the community of everybody doing business with everybody else? Yes, or No? The answer is yes. And then the question becomes how? And the how is we're going to build a community? I think community first is what makes the most sense to me. But we're going to build a community with, with vendors, service providers, IT professionals, and, and, and it's going to monetize. So you're going to have a cash flowing, it's going to be cash flowing. And it's basically a cash flowing marketing. Which is, seems to me like yes, it's it's got some sweat and building it out. But it's a really valuable asset. Yeah, from from a variety of different levels. So yes. Now, I can tell that story to somebody who's in a very specific niche industry. So this thin vertical of some niche of metal manufacturing, I can go to them, and I can pitch the idea. They're like, absolutely, that makes sense. Let's do it. But if I put them in front of the website, for the platform OS, that's completely lost on them. The reason that I wrap my head around it is because while I've been around both sides of the fence long enough that I'm able to make the translation of, oh, well, here's how this ties into. Here's how the tech ties into the the monetization strategy, which ties into the marketing strategy, which ties into the, like the community building into, and this is how it's going to impact you down the road. Yeah, this is ultimately the problem it solves. So so we need to get to a place where we're we're not selling frameworks in generalities, but we're selling very specific painful problems for people. Yeah. And I would think trade magazines are one of those examples where we have to have memberships. And we need to maximize membership value, or, you know, profit per member as much as possible. And like I said, the alternative is a software company, that that, that software companies, probably the ideal, it could be anything. But it could be a software company, it could be a marketing company, who want to build a network to entrench themselves within a specific industry. Yeah. And then at the point that you do that, once you build that network, you're very difficult to displace. Yep. So then my question is, you know, what's, so your play is in some kind of commission that you get from the platform and whatever you gain from the consultancy, of whatever is required to get it set up? Is that right?

Speaker 2  19:38
Yes, sort of, I mean, the platform is more of a facilitator than in a lot of regards the platform itself. And then the kits that are there as well. So there's not a lot more than you know, there's a base fee if you like, ongoing basis. II, but then the additional fee professional services on top of that, yes, certainly. And there's different ways of making money on that I will throw in there matters to you and I as well, one particular advantage as well, because you know, there's a problem in the world with big tech as well, the candy platform, people pull the rug out from people, if they do not like your political suasion, or they don't like you, for whatever reason. And we're starting to see this more and more, and even with banking, and so on, and so forth. So one of the advantages of platform is is is well is that you can do it in a way where you can't be de platformed, as well, which is an added value to communities of all sorts as well. So for me, that was also a very big thing, an important thing. The other thing I'll throw out there to bear in mind, when you're bringing a particular niche under one hood, if you throw into the mix artificial intelligence as well, okay. So, you know, you'll get the value of, if you can provide, if you attach AI, with the knowledge base, and the professionals within that industry, and everything that they're sharing. So if you have an AI within that self contained huit, the knowledge value of that, and the accessibility to that knowledge, both for the internal community, as well as, again, the outside world, it become the authority of that knowledge, again, the value rises, and the accessibility is there as well. Okay. So the other advantage that I need to throw in to there, so you've got a number of things that are missing in the marketplace, first of all, for community platforms. And because I've done research on these things for the last, you know, six, seven years I know what's out there, what's not and what, you know, people are looking for, and even you and I, in our own circumstances, I know, we can both testify to the fact that we've been looking for something similar, in some respects, in a way. Okay. So it's this, it's the community platform, and being able to build it how you want, okay, because the problem with SAS is, is you have to take what you're given to a large extent, there are some that would bespoke them. And yes, money talk. So yes, you could, but in the main, you still have to go with what they're giving us, okay. So it's the Flex, it's a community platform, or community kit, but it's the flexibility of that kit. Okay, it's the customization. Next thing is coupling that together with with a multi vendor marketplace, we've already discussed the value of that. Okay, and we can both understand that. And then thirdly, if you then put into that, a community knowledge base, okay. That that is adding a third value. And then if you add on to that AI, okay, to work with that knowledge base and their community. You know, the possibilities are building building building, okay. And platform OS can offer all of that. And more. So when you're talking about people, clients, that would be looking for these kinds of platforms, they will be looking for sustainable platforms, okay. So that's also something that platform OS has built in as part of what they're doing. Because it's important to their clients, they know that's required going forward. And just one of the things would be, you know, how fast it runs as in health, how light it is on things like Google lightspeed. So, you know, they're looking top 90 to 100% on that, for example. Okay. So that's very important. So yeah, I mean, to be honest, it there's so many angles to it that they've looked at, and, you know, that is available as part of that. SEO is also they can show you how that's built in as part of it as well, which is very important, especially for an authority site, which actually, building an authority site gets great SEO anyway. Because of, you know, bringing everything within one niche, but lastly is also a graph software as well, which links everything together. and creates a algorithm. But, you know, not one that would take advantage of people, but can provide value to those people, organizations, professionals, the connections within. So the total package of all of those things come together, the value proposition for me is something that wasn't available in the market is something that is needed. And to have that, you know, where people can build out literally what they want from that as well. So it's not a SAS, you know, for me, everything is there. And the value is there for what they're providing, therefore, as well.

Speaker 1  25:44
So and I think hearing is where I'm bumping up against

Speaker 1  25:56
it seems it seems to me, for me to do something with this. I need to, I need to have somebody who's, who's got, who's willing to put some funding behind, let's go secure more clients. And I see a pretty clear path that we can do that. Or be who is somebody, so either on the vendor side to reach out, or somebody on the potential, somebody who wants to implement this on their end, as a way to further entrench in their marketplace, he's got to be one of those two for that to work for me. It's too, too early with what I'm doing. They really think that seriously about building some kind of I think for a small community, you have too much friction with an external community platform. And I think, I think low friction, things like well, I don't know, maybe not sure. I'm not sure they'll drop that. I don't know that it's worth thinking.

Unknown Speaker  27:18
So I think the question back to you is, if

Speaker 1  27:30
you if, if I came to you with a plan and said, Hey, I know how we can, I know, at least one part of the market here that we can carve off and we can run with. But I'm going to require some kind of retainer consulting fee or something like that, in order to make that happen is, does that opportunity exist now?

Speaker 2  27:55
Yes. No retainer fee. But a fee, too. So what I can offer to what I have negotiated with them, and what I am able to offer people is, is basically 5% of the total value for project. Now bearing in mind, and this is confidential, but bearing in mind that some of their projects may be one of which we've discussed, is valued at, you know, just one of them, when there's actually multiple versions of them at the same clients or client worth going on a million dollars, then, you know, five cents, you know, a nice amount of money for bringing a recommendation.

Speaker 1  28:53
Yeah. What are the types of people? What are the types of projects? If If I said, Give me the criteria, and I'll find you three of those million dollar projects? What are the is it associations of a certain size? Is it businesses of a certain size? I mean, it's basically just spending,

Speaker 2  29:26
basically, mid enterprise upwards, I would say, because the minimum budgets are probably 25 to 50k. Yep.

Speaker 2  29:46
And probably more likely 50 to 100. Right? Realistically, but to be honest, actually now is probably a good time for a client to get in with them because you Going forward, a lot of the work will be then passed on to the channel partners to actually help with, right, that's the future plan. But at this point in time, you're actually getting their own team working on on the client projects yourself. So, you know, I think there's greater value in it, I think there's also, at this point in time, the opportunity to negotiate rather more than it will be in future as well. Because it's still, you know, in that progressive growing stage. So in a lot of respects, that is an excellent opportunity, an excellent time to, to work with them, and also to become a preferred partner, really. But I suppose the downside, you know, just being honest, that, you know, there's always pros and cons, the downside would be that some of the kits, you know, are still in development, you know, so as things go along, as more projects go through the pipeline, you know, there's going to be even more more kits, modules and everything available, to build off of to tweak, you know, whatever. So, you know, I see it as a sort of future marketplace, where you can even use other partners kits that they built. So they put it in there. I mean, you can you could consider a bit like WordPress in that regard, you know, where, although that's, that's, it is very different, but just in that regard, where now you can

Speaker 1  31:39
so All right. So the best path forward is?

Speaker 1  32:01
What, you know, who a who has, is, this is probably the shortest path. Who are the people who already have deep connections within that mid enterprise space? Who, who could? That's the easiest point of leverage. You could form connections and introductions, I think, where I'm at now. I absolutely see the value. Absolutely see the opportunity.

Speaker 2  32:37
I think to be honest, it'd be great for you to actually meet, say, Colin frost, who's the sales director and door, Adam? Broadway, he is the founder. Adams actually a Christian as well, by the way.

Unknown Speaker  32:53
Interesting. Yeah.

Speaker 1  33:00
I mean, here's, here's the thing. I'm, I'm open to some risk upside, but I'm looking for I'm looking to shoot fish in a barrel. And, and I think there's a fairly if there's a possibility that this can turn into some kind of engagement with them, in some way to help them build and grow their platform. I'm very interested in having that conversation. If this is a go do lead gen, and sales to Go Lean platform clients. It's interesting, but it's not. It's not for me right now. Yeah. And so if you think there is a potential pathway in that direction, then then absolutely, let's let's I'm quite happy to set up a call with them and have that conversation

Speaker 2  33:54
with the development agency and consultancy channel partners is who Adam wants to speak to the bottom line. So

Speaker 1  34:03
I've got connections to get into the consulting realm and I do have some some avenues that we can capitalize on. So do you want to guess what our next steps

Speaker 2  34:17
are? Set up a meeting with invasively? It's, I think it's likely to be next week, or maybe even the week after I check with them. I just know that next week for some reason. I can't remember why it's particularly busy, but yeah, that's fine. Please

Unknown Speaker  34:33
got where are you? Where

Unknown Speaker  34:34
are you based? mentes. Can you remind me?

Unknown Speaker  34:36
Yeah, Colorado.

Speaker 2  34:38
Do you in Colorado? Yeah, that's where Adam space that's where Adam and Colin are based. Is Colorado.

Unknown Speaker  34:44
Denver.

Unknown Speaker  34:47
I don't know I'd have to check. But that's amazing. Colorado natural state though. Isn't it so huge, right?

Speaker 1  34:54
Yeah, it's huge. I'm gonna guess they're there two to three hours depending in tune. shouldn't have to three hours depending where they're where they're at.

Speaker 2  35:09
See, might tell me what slack might tell me what time it is. There are sometimes 1213 where Adam is at the moment. That's only five hours behind.

Speaker 1  35:22
That's, that's on the east coast somewhere in the United States.

Unknown Speaker  35:26
Or maybe he might be traveling. He does a lot of traveling

Unknown Speaker  35:30
to see on LinkedIn.

Speaker 2  35:32
Yeah, he is. Yeah. Adam, Broadway. Colin is also there. too, if he's slack saying 204 I thought I know because he's not back in Colorado yet as he was on his way back. Yeah. Anyway, sorry. That's really interesting that that you're in the same place.

Speaker 1  35:56
Yeah, that is. Yeah, please copy my assistant in on that. And so she'll have to make sure that gets scheduled. She'll help coordinate the scheduling and

Unknown Speaker  36:08
yeah, she on the email that you sent me.

Unknown Speaker  36:12
She's not on the email. I just sent it to you by messenger.

Unknown Speaker  36:15
That prompts that's fine. Yeah, got it. Yeah.

Speaker 1  36:20
Good. Well, I yeah, I get a run some plant. We're getting ready for call here in a bit. So that's been helpful. It's been fascinating and hopefully, hopefully this turns into into something that is mutually beneficial.

Speaker 2  36:35
That'd be great. Great to catch up. Thanks so much my death speech. Thanks. Cheers. Bye


Transcribed by https://otter.ai