Speaker 1  00:54
Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. All right, well, good news and bad news. On my end. Good news is I found another bug that was causing some of the variances not to get applied correctly to buildings for the actual costs that get applied correctly, which I finagled a custom report to get those applies your customer importance because it was applied. And I can I should be able to get some of these things lives that this this reflects when it should? Or that assist works the way it should. The downside is, Mark, I'm not sure if I agree with you on the FCI variances. And we probably have to touch that. So.

Speaker 2  01:52
So I think this is the the only thing that you have watched until what is it not? 1030?

Speaker 1  02:01
Yeah, 10 I need to drop it in 10 Point and like

Unknown Speaker  02:06
you said you're meeting a contract. Are you building a house?

Speaker 1  02:10
No, I'm not building we're looking to we're buying and looking at scoring a few things away.

Unknown Speaker  02:20
All right. So I mean, I think this is so what do you want to start with with? I mean, we have these reports, I guess show us. Show us what you what do you have?

Unknown Speaker  02:39
Yeah, sure. Let me let me pull this one up. And

Speaker 1  02:58
so I added two columns. One was the final delivery date. The other was the the, your the variances? Yeah. Then the other was a variance. And then I added an FTA variance, which is, which is the variance if it was in FDI. At the end of the period, so it was delivered on August 1 Or after was then it was never delivered or delivered on or after August 1. And we show the FDI variants. And I'm showing, for example here and I'm sorry, production labor, I'm showing a $3,000 variance. Anything's your spreadsheet.

Speaker 2  03:53
Okay, you're what you're showing is you're saying at the end of the month, July 31. You would expect finished goods inventory to get increased by $3,239.87. You're You're far right column, the bottom No.

Speaker 1  04:17
The less than I would expect the cogs variance to be.

Unknown Speaker  04:26
Well, the difference between those two

Unknown Speaker  04:29
numbers. That's correct. Now, go to the statement, because the income statement to show the variance showing

Speaker 1  04:50
16 minus this, let's go calculate that. That's 13 To 70 to 9413 to 74. So that difference is getting applied to the variance pugs expense. Then I also put together a balance sheet by event type which I can regenerate this but because there are because this is the only one posting think Wait no I tried putting this together and I was running into issues

Speaker 1  05:33
I would expect I would be expecting to see some things in here and I can't remember I'm starting to take a look at why they want

Unknown Speaker  05:56
was

Speaker 1  06:03
it wasn't the columns account balance it used to be Do you have a new transaction I want to work less

Unknown Speaker  06:44
Let's also do look as I'm doing this as

Unknown Speaker  07:18
here's where I'm getting a little confused why

Unknown Speaker  07:31
is there something wrong with my report that is not showing right. Now it's zeroing out that's why

Speaker 3  07:47
it's billed July, but it was June that would already have just come out and finished goods. And the variances are ready to be applied back in June. So there's no variance difference happening because of buildings built prior to July. So

Speaker 2  08:13
no, it shouldn't unless that May June allocation didn't apply. Yeah.

Speaker 1  08:26
Can we be reapplying the July? That actually? Well? No. No. And so we're

Speaker 2  08:38
okay, but the thing is, I think I was just looking at my numbers briefly. And I would I think there is a mistake with my production labor to finished goods because we're matching our 16,005 1281 is the variance that we we both agree that standard costing was $16,512.81 lower than it than what actual costs were needed seeing. We're agreeing with that. And I

Unknown Speaker  09:21
so you're so the two variances, the cost variance and the FTI variance.

Speaker 2  09:32
Those to the total sum total of those two would have to match to 16 512. Which Here's yours do my don't so I'm pretty sure my there's something wrong with my calculations there.

Unknown Speaker  09:45
But I'm still not sure that the MTI is appropriately reflecting

Unknown Speaker  10:03
Yes

Speaker 1  10:05
yes he because that's just on that date it does not appear to me that these variances are being pushed directly to let's do this

Unknown Speaker  10:28
I'm going to only show

Unknown Speaker  10:35
it while you create that report I'm going to look at a few things on my from my file

Unknown Speaker  10:47
here building past applied

Unknown Speaker  10:58
Let's see Oh 731 Okay so you're the raw credit to raw materials this one is

Unknown Speaker  11:21
when he said literally this is backwards

Unknown Speaker  11:40
so here we have the variance raw materials we debit FTA raw materials

Unknown Speaker  12:00
tax and labor to finished goods

Speaker 2  12:03
Yeah That all looks correct the reason your production overhead is is flipped around is because those we applied too much production overhead

Speaker 1  12:13
maybe it still doesn't make sense to me why over here this is building costs why me see if I can play in this accounting transaction so this would be

Unknown Speaker  12:47
the

Speaker 1  13:11
what are these building built? Building Blocks? Okay, this is the transaction would expect this to be showing up in that Excel going back year?

Unknown Speaker  13:43
I am so confused you're building? There's got to just I don't know anything besides Well, Matthias,

Speaker 2  13:56
I just I looked at the numbers you have on your both your raw materials and production overhead on those your numbers in mind are matching exactly like the the very the FTI variance you show for production overhead and for raw materials. We're matching exactly on those amounts. The the production labor, I'm pretty sure if there's a mistake on my side because of the frozen cause I calculated those when doing the variance, I'm pretty sure that that's there's a mistake on my side. So that means our FTI variances are matching your can can you go back to the income statement and I want to just make sure that that mean that we'd expect for two of the three I'm going to match got those down? 13? The 13. One matches and no that was already there. Yeah, yeah. Or just the 33 911 35?

Unknown Speaker  15:31
Warning 694? One? Yep. Yeah. Negatively. Yeah. He's the only one. Willing. Right. Well, we're different

Speaker 2  15:53
is the FBI. Labor very tonight know what? I'm pretty sure I know why that is. So Matthias, are you seeing something that? That I'm not? I think I see five of our six variants numbers matching, and I'm pretty sure that production labor FDI variance is a mistake on my site. How I calculated that.

Speaker 1  16:20
Yeah, no, I mean, not not, I think the only the only possible difference. I mean, the only the only reason I brought this up is because I was trying to check it from a different kind of interleague cross check, it's in a different angle. So I think I think we're good. I mean, I don't watch

Speaker 3  16:42
processes working, just not cross checking. Is it our processes working? Just not our cross checking?

Unknown Speaker  16:52
Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 2  16:54
Not a good thing. I'm sure you can't say that very often in development, like, our software's working, or something wrong with our internal testing. That's, which is why. So everything we're seeing here, Matthias, is currently, but not these custom reports. But like, all the functionality that should currently be live, right? If so, through where to go in and create income statements, or balance sheet, you should be able to get the exact same thing.

Speaker 1  17:29
Yes, I still need to, I still want to push some of these fixes live. I wasn't able to last night for unrelated reasons. So some of these changes lives. And if you want to rerun applying the the actual costs for different period, you can do that appropriately. But you can even go into the accounting system and all that should be should be good to go.

Speaker 2  17:54
So are you saying for this period for this company seven, one to 731, you've pushed the transactions into the accounting system. Okay, so all should be good there. It's only doing things outside of that, will that need to go through an update cycle from Josh?

Speaker 1  18:12
I could. If it can wait until then, then it will happen automatically. I can I can push that. I can push those changes to the reports and speak more then. If if it's helpful.

Speaker 2  18:27
As long as we have the seventh to July one. Josh, this morning, Josh said he probably would do an update this weekend. So that should be fine. I think there's no reason we need to do before they're good. Well, I mean, I think this gives us what we need. I think I'm going to look at my formulas there on how I calculated that variance. And then do what colleges will set up reports. Just yeah, I mean, I think we should be good to go. Okay. Good. We've got a bunch of stuff. Some stuff for one today. We're on for a one to 230. Right? Yes, that is correct. Mainly, well, hopefully, payroll module is the thing. That's the primary stuff. So

Speaker 1  19:29
and the main thing was that one revision from yesterday. Is there anything else? It's in like Word on payroll module?

Speaker 2  19:39
I don't think so. Other than hopefully, we will have a like the accountants report right. Or we may or may not have

Unknown Speaker  19:51
or shouldn't be able to. I'm not sure Well, I don't know No, I won't have exactly what it needs to be.

Speaker 2  20:05
So we might not have. Well, we I think there's some other things as well, but we may end up with a fairly short list or one o'clock, which is, we all have other stuff that needs to be done. So none of us would complain.

Unknown Speaker  20:26
Yeah. So it's good.

Speaker 3  20:30
How are you pulling up that little search box that you've used? On the top?

Speaker 1  20:35
Okay, first of all, let's start with this. This is like the magic thing that you'll there's a keyboard shortcuts. Yeah. That that'll tell you all kinds of stuff. So this particular one I'm using are using Ctrl. Slash, and then ctrl period will open the main menu. But then also within, within any basically ages on the system, if you hit Ctrl, semicolon, it'll show you this shortcuts that are available in that page.

Unknown Speaker  21:09
What did you say? CTRL?

Unknown Speaker  21:11
Semicolon,

Unknown Speaker  21:13
okay. Okay,

Speaker 1  21:15
so here, we can do CTRL semicolon, then hit a entity, open this up. And then you can use the alt shortcut to as an alternative. So to open favorites, you can hold F the Advanced menu LP. So you can also use all slash search by was used control slash question mark, you get a shortcut help, etc.

Unknown Speaker  21:46
Okay. Yeah, that's good.

Speaker 1  21:49
Yeah, I mean, this is way faster searching the menus, way faster than any other way to get some stuff.

Speaker 3  21:56
Right, right. Yeah, there was just like, within a report, looking for a specific number that Marx, you know, wants or something and was like, I have to look and look and look for that number or something like that.

Speaker 1  22:11
But, sure. And under reports, you can even use CTRL. F, then to. And this is a yeah, you pay very close attention. I don't know if I can do this here.

Unknown Speaker  22:28
Let's just do your building search. replicated here, but yeah, so it will. While the report is loading, let's see is nine. It'll, it'll wait for the report to finish loading the next. Yeah, yeah. Find it.

Speaker 1  23:02
And then it is if you pay sorry, this is what I was trying to say. Please, pay close attention. Oh, actually, no, nevermind, Command F. And I can show you here. Nope. Let me go back and show you. On this page, you can see the this is the stable, the standard browser search. Okay. So within reports, sometimes if it if it takes a long time to load or something goes for something like that, you'll get the same standard browser search, but what you want is the same control that what you what you want is that little thing that's in line here with

Unknown Speaker  23:56
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that definitely helps out. Cool. Okay, well, thank you. You're welcome. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai