Unknown Speaker  00:02
I don't think there's a.

Speaker 1  00:04
Yeah, there we go. Um. All right, but what I'm seeing is a what if we did a blend, like what if what if our long term play. Okay, here's okay let me back at a conversation with a guy who would make a great sales guy. Okay, no experience yet, but it's what he needs to be doing, or be in leadership of a department that he can like be an intrapreneur somewhere or just go start his own business, but I don't know he has experience in the construction space, talking to him. We're talking about you know what happens when we focus in the construction space, what happens if we take over the marketing piece, and the operations and the. And then all of a sudden, you basically own the business, like there's nothing else to the business. Right. So, but what if what if this were set up in a, in, in a way to position ourselves into an equity play. Yeah. So let's build out more of the machinery build up more of the cash machine right with the intention of let's build, let's stockpile. Yeah. and let's become become our own bank, right, and let's acquire in the future. What are your thoughts on that.

Speaker 2  01:23
Yeah. So thinking about. Yes. I'm very open to like expanding. You see. So think about earlier what what do I, what do I need. Okay. I think I may need some accountability. I'm kicking the butts and whatever, of how am I building out the marketing company. Okay. And I also want the opportunity to serve more companies in a more substantial way so I want to be like a heavy hitter. For more companies on their marketing.

Unknown Speaker  02:45
So what is heavy hitter look like more than just video like.

Speaker 2  02:49
So I think it means. I'm not sure I think it could mean something like I want to be your, your $5,000 a month, marketing agency I don't want to particularly be your $500 a month.

Speaker 1  03:13
Alright, so, higher ticket higher value

Speaker 2  03:17
higher value but but higher impact also is a big thing, I think, and maybe impact is even more important than ticket value to me in some regards.

Speaker 1  03:29
In other words, we're is. So is higher impact because they're so lousy or because they're good and they're have so much untapped potential.

Speaker 2  03:49
I think what I'm saying is I don't want to come alongside you. Do some busy work on social media for you and make you feel like you're doing some marketing to just take off your box. Like, I want you to pay me substantially. And then I want to let move your business substantially. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  04:30
Anything else we

Unknown Speaker  04:31
need.

Speaker 2  04:34
Um, so in terms of. So if we were to discuss parts and pieces that I would need to make the larger marketing agency reality, it would probably be something like, or it could be something like a great salesperson. And a great writer, just implemented.

Unknown Speaker  05:09
Okay.

Speaker 1  05:18
All right. So what I need, I need this to tie in to what I'm already doing. So it's not so it's complimentary not

Unknown Speaker  05:33
divided focus.

Speaker 1  05:38
I think that's actually pretty easy to achieve. I need this to be something with a profit motive. Profit slash cash motive. So one idea. I've got this guy. Stand up guy, no sales experience. He wants to learn sales and marketing. I told him, dude, you land your first marketing client. Go have fun. And the second one, you're gonna want to poke your eyes out. He was like,

Unknown Speaker  06:25
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  06:27
I think you're right I was like yeah I know it right. Because of his personality because of his personality. But if he has an interest in marketing. Like, why not, can we arrange it such that he could be selling. Yeah, I got a ticket. I don't know what it was thinking, I got a ticket to a roofing trade show in

Unknown Speaker  06:55
Baton Rouge. torsina March they reschedule it, I was planning to send them

Unknown Speaker  07:02
with no clear plan for. Welcome to my world. I think it's supposed to happen, no clear plan. Here's one possibility. Okay, hiring piece. I can give you a lot of advice and guidance on that, I think, I think, i think he could maybe be the salesperson. If we can get to the volume that we need in order to sustain sustain them.

Speaker 1  07:37
As long as he doesn't have to be in person. So one possible way is if, if we have, like what if, what if I narrowed my focus, even further, and said, we're not just doing construction we're doing higher end construction in the Dallas, Fort Worth, or the, what do you guys call it Dallas Metroplex, what do you call it. What's yeah Metroplex in the Metroplex. There's a lot of like constructions hot there isn't it. Or no,

Unknown Speaker  08:14
oh yes it's very good.

Speaker 1  08:17
So there's there is a lot of money there. There's a question of, you know, is that well anyway. There's a lot of questions with that. But if we could then it becomes the kind of thing where

Unknown Speaker  08:34
we

Speaker 1  08:43
like it could become a very symbiotic relationship where weather, I mean it's fundamentally, maybe sharing leads but probably taking it beyond that. My vision for code houses to become the. This is kind of where it's at right now is the. I think this is anyway this is where it's at right now is the systems for construction companies. So, so, so you're doing videos. But what if I told you that. So most of these guys in the early stages. They run off of referrals and then drive themselves batty because they have Guess what, no system. Right. Do you guys have a system for for attracting clients. Do you guys have a system for doing your testimonials. Do you have a system for filling in those pieces. Like, do you have a system for getting reviews. And our angle is systems.

Unknown Speaker  09:51
And,

Speaker 1  09:52
but on some of these marketing systems, we need somebody to fulfill on them. Yeah. And like we can either come consult with you for when if you want to do consulting and I don't know if we even want to offer this this is like this is just my brain going wonky. It's like we can do, we can consult with you. And we can train your, you know, transmen House staff. Or we can we can be done with dun dun for your engagement. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:19
Um,

Speaker 1  10:22
I have a guy joke he said Jason me the guy was talking about the shit marketing. He has an engraving business and grading business and grieving this again, my pitch to him was a customer experience packet. Imagine that after you do. Imagine you working with the company, the him working with the company maybe you actually being involved because it's all all marketing, putting together a package, like here is here is, whatever it's supposed to be. Here's a here is we're gonna give all of our new homes or whatever businesses are like we're gonna give them a clock and a like what's the. Let me look at your brand. And let's put together a personalized gift package that you're going to use for 2021. And all of your new clients during that year are going to get that and then we have a smaller gift package for all of your prospects. And like here's what your prospects get. And then here is what your, your referrals get whenever somebody sends a referral, they get this basket. So do you have a customer satisfaction system, or a customer appreciation system. But there's a fulfillment side to it. That gets done by these different companies. Yeah, and each, each of these is an entry point into their business. And when one of them sees a problem like you're there, you're talking to them about their marketing. And then you get to have the conversation of. By the way. Your, your operations suck, like, yeah, or, you know, whatever but it creates that relationship. So, yeah.

Speaker 2  12:29
So how often are you heading marketing conversations with people. Is that a pretty frequent thing or is it kind of occasional or for myself about

Unknown Speaker  12:37
the meeting them, I mean like for myself.

Speaker 2  12:40
As far as when you're meeting with someone and you're talking to systems and overall business health and what you could do for them and whatnot.

Speaker 1  12:49
It rarely comes up because we really bring it up. Yeah. But I think it's one of those things that could be a. I think you could. Well, this is the optimist in me. I think it could be a reasonable conversation I have like a. There would be there could be some kind of way of introducing that into the conversation. or a. I haven't thought it through.

Unknown Speaker  13:29
Clearly,

Unknown Speaker  13:35
what are you thinking,

Speaker 2  13:40
Well, it's interesting that you're like going down this roofing train I just had a guy call me this week from Colorado Incidentally, saying, you know, as roofing company's been growing, but its marketing has been really just kind of hit or miss or whatever and he's ready for a professional app to help him out. Yeah, so we're gonna visit next week about what we should what that could look like. It's also interesting that I have roofing experience.

Speaker 1  14:12
Yeah, exactly. And you have experienced in the shed space, which we're not going directly in that space. But the additional construction related. It's also interesting that this dude from Canada reached out to me from a construction space. It's also interesting that the guy brought on full time in July, used to work construction, like, Yeah, what do you make of that.

Speaker 2  14:49
Yeah, and. And in reality I would say not what's what's percentage. Most of my recurring business, most of my like AdWords and Facebook ads management is construction companies which was there's three of them right so it's not that types of business are they. So we're talking like illuma cast the rock group so that's changed a limb fire and then there's a roofer in a metal roofer in Missouri Conklin. No, residential

Unknown Speaker  15:22
residential mental roofer

Unknown Speaker  15:24
yeah is Google Ads budget is $100 a month.

Speaker 1  15:34
And he's happy paying whatever you're probably not paying charging net for a management fee but he's happy paying your management fee to manage $100 ad spend,

Unknown Speaker  15:41
he pays me $75 advantages $100 ad spin.

Unknown Speaker  15:45
Does he get leads off.

Speaker 2  15:48
I don't know that that was kind of a, he's an Amish dude and he wanted to be have an internet presence, you know, no offense to Amish here. No,

Unknown Speaker  15:59
the rock group, per se Amish I

Unknown Speaker  16:01
think he's Amish Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:03
the rock group is, is what all are which pieces are working best,

Speaker 2  16:08
um, there again that's Google Ad management and they've we've kind of pared down to a pretty minimal like kind of just maintenance. So that's like what 7500 bucks a month, but they are spending more like, I don't know what they're spending 1000 bucks a month or something.

Unknown Speaker  16:27
You know what kind of leads you're getting from that.

Speaker 2  16:30
Not very well. It's kind of one of the deals where they want it they believe in Google Ads enough to do it but they are reticent to like spend money on like really dialing in your conversion tracking and updating their landing page and stuff like that so it's a little. It's a little half hard. Fortunately, maybe it's my mistake. Maybe my problem on the sales part of it to say, hey, you must spend money with me and make these corrections, you know,

Speaker 1  16:57
it's kind of like, they're spending money already. Just being the Google instead of you.

Unknown Speaker  17:02
Yeah, right.

Unknown Speaker  17:04
Um,

Unknown Speaker  17:06
okay, well, blue cast is that mostly Facebook is that Facebook and Google.

Speaker 2  17:14
It is both they've I say lead generation is much heavier on Facebook than it is on Google, but about similar similar budget. Yeah.

Speaker 2  17:28
See, I don't know what we could do to find more illuma cast because, you know, I did this little video that of course back then right I was not charging very much on videos right. But I think I spent $900 on the video. Yep. And he's made. Of course he's, he's paying me 450 a month for management. He tried other company for management was not impressed and marketing management and then I took it over and over the course of the last couple years, I've made him hundreds of 1000s of dollars.

Speaker 1  18:03
I've been watching that. Like from afar. So,

Speaker 2  18:07
now part of that is he runs a fantastic company and if my understanding is correct. He is a.

Unknown Speaker  18:13
Yes. Yes, like,

Speaker 2  18:18
you know, you probably see holes in it but as far as like the customer satisfaction like refer ability, like it's high.

Speaker 1  18:25
It's okay so here's what I see about this business. Um, high customer satisfaction, like, like literally valuing the customer. Yeah, doing what's in their best interest, fast, efficient right accurate. Yeah, thorough, right, like, like, and competitively priced. Yeah, and partially because of his of his model he's able to price it like that, and and his experience, but. So, yeah, I've told him already that he's sitting on a goldmine and, yeah, I am way more visionary than all of my brothers I think and he's not really in it to grow a big business. So

Speaker 2  19:05
what if we were, what if we would. This is okay out there, but that's what we like to do with each other. Yep. What if we would just start. Why don't we just expand, why don't we just do a window company, borrow. All of Wess installation secrets and tricks and start doing that over the US, wherever they have basements which incidentally is not really Texas, or Colorado.

Speaker 1  19:35
Okay. Too much rock right yeah, I'm not sure about

Unknown Speaker  19:40
eastern Colorado,

Speaker 1  19:42
or even springs or Denver. I've wondered sometimes if some of his production processes patentable. I don't know if it is or not. Hmm. Again he hasn't had a big interest. Yeah. Um, but

Unknown Speaker  20:08
here's what you do

Unknown Speaker  20:11
get let's see we did that. All right.

Unknown Speaker  20:39
I know a guy

Speaker 1  20:41
in law in law. How's that for well connected, actually, father in law if you want to skip it. Skip a jump. Does custom homes. He's like Wes, in terms of stickler absolute 100% stickler. And he has to be. He works in beautiful stuff.

Unknown Speaker  21:04
Um,

Speaker 1  21:07
I don't know if there's somebody on the East Coast like that here's what I'm imagining. I'm imagining somebody like that, or somebody from the Lancaster area. Holmes County. I'm not sure exactly where Philly has. I mean well Philly I don't again I don't know basements like where's where, where do basements exist I think that's probably a big question to answer. Yeah. But if you can get a cross section between basements and a good Mennonite and Baptists whatever hard work. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  21:39
dude. Yeah.

Speaker 1  21:42
And we said, we said we want steak in it. West get steak in it.

Unknown Speaker  21:52
For.

Speaker 1  21:55
I'm not even sure exactly what the, I mean, well I mean I do know what like like it's the idea it's the model it's the it's the certain amount of advice in, and like, maybe it's an ability to video call him on. You know certain jobs or, you know I don't know what it is. It comes down to conversation of what he needs. And, and you doing the marketing.

Unknown Speaker  22:22
And, you know,

Unknown Speaker  22:26
what do I do, I don't know, bring people together I don't know what else I don't really see a ton of.

Speaker 2  22:34
Well, I think, I think you could have the conversation with Wes that would be a little more difficult for me to have, I

Speaker 1  22:38
think. Yeah, that's true. It would really require some negotiation from him. But it may be one of the ways of meeting his needs. Like, like his goal is pretty simple. I just want to be able to take a day off a week to work on other stuff or day off a week in like more time with family.

Speaker 1  23:05
But the challenge. Maybe this is the piece I would come come in, is could we extract what they're doing, into some level of standard process, and a series of systems around. Like, here is what you like somebody, somebody wants a bit like could we. It's almost like a Can we go Frank, like, dear West can we franchise your business.

Unknown Speaker  23:30
Yeah.

Speaker 1  23:36
And I think the franchise model. I mean it's it's an interesting model. But then the piece that I struggle with it then is that franchises are great to be sold.

Unknown Speaker  23:52
Hard to deliver,

Speaker 1  23:58
which I don't know that you would take it to that level of a franchise at this point,

Unknown Speaker  24:01
but not but delivery mean, or like,

Speaker 1  24:06
for every competent guy that makes it to the President's level whatever you call it right there's 10 guys that have their hand when did something else. Right, right, because they're selling a biz op and yeah it's a biz op that sells and

Unknown Speaker  24:22
I don't know.

Speaker 2  24:22
Well Well, look, this. There's no reason. Maybe there's a reason. Let's say to get an investor we make, what could be done probably could be an investor he could

Unknown Speaker  24:33
be the investor. If

Speaker 2  24:35
we could say look, we want to first of all we're going to start. I don't know let's say we're going to start, we're going to we're going to recreate your business in Missouri.

Unknown Speaker  24:55
And we named. Let me think. Like, what if we could do like chick fil a

Speaker 2  25:10
chick fil a owns the property I believe the, the business there's nothing that quote franchisee owns except a $200,000 a year salary. It's my understanding. But if we can roll into that community and say look, you can probably make

Unknown Speaker  25:27
turkey. You work hard, you can make good money doing this. Yeah.

Speaker 2  25:30
Anyway, a lot, a lot, we're going to buy your equipment. We're going to set you up. There's going to be certain agreements, you're gonna have to have certain operating principles. And, you know, to where if you don't, if you don't keep around the bargain like the equipment's not staying with you like it's coming back to us. Going to someone else who can handle it.

Speaker 2  26:01
I mean, maybe. In fact, maybe it's even just maybe it's just flat out employee conversation maybe she's saying. And we're looking to hire a brilliant manager thinks like an owner who acts like an owner wants to make good money doing this. We own 100% of the company. But you have the opportunity to create a life for yourself that, you know, it's hard to come by. Yeah, he was so dead, that I did,

Speaker 1  26:29
telling me so now he's telling me what what his brother in law arlynn is making Lee, working for him I'm like, you're so so you're basically finding his farming right. Okay, so, so here's, here's another angle we've been working with.

Speaker 2  27:01
You can just advise. If he wants to device people though.

Unknown Speaker  27:06
I don't think he wants to.

Unknown Speaker  27:08
I don't think he really wants that kind of anyway so

Speaker 1  27:10
it started good that you were saying so the big concern he's gonna raise the big objection he's gonna have. Okay, backup. Here's the power illuma cast becomes a national brand than the review in Kansas adds to the review in Missouri as the review in the in the in the Yeah, everything is like. It is a star business I, I've been that's what I've been hounding him about and like, dude, like it's like. So, we're working, we're working for a company. Hopefully, this isn't anybody I don't think this is any violation because we're working in different pieces of it but working for an Frechette company bunch of Amish, guys. They're unapologetic. I don't know that they say it like this, but they're at 30 males looking to double in the next year. They have a compensation model, where there's a parent company. There's actually a few parent companies that has a child company. And, and they have a compensation model, that, that, that goes to the employees, based on their end so they get they please get a base wage, plus a. Okay. parent company. All people in the child company are employees of the parent company. Okay, it's a it's a tax. It's a tax wash workers come because they pay workers comp and the tax benefits cover that. So it's a wash. You have to be like that. There's a, there's a 15% of gross of production, that goes to the owner, and the employees that 15% is split half and half. Seven and a half go to the employees, seven and a half to the owner for the owner, the owner pays rent, mortgage loan, all that stuff. Some of it goes back into a capital account and some of it then gets dispersed to the owner as a salary. Employee side employees get paid based wages, and then the rest of that seven and a half percent get distributed to them. Yeah. As a bonus, so why not have a similar model for this, where they have a real stake in the profitability of the given stake in the profitability of the company. Yeah, but they're still employees and they still get compensated

Unknown Speaker  29:37
as Yes.

Speaker 1  29:40
And you still are building a parent company that owns these assets or a parent holding company or yeah I don't know what it is, but yes. Okay. I don't know how it's structured. So his objection probably is going to be what his objection would be. It's having a conversation.

Speaker 2  30:03
I don't, he doesn't. He doesn't love the installation itself that much does he

Speaker 1  30:07
know but he doesn't love it it's hard work. He doesn't mind it as much because it's good money. But what he can't stand is the thought of somebody else taking it over and screwing it up. Yeah, because the business is, it's very personal. It's very personal to him, and the and the quality, like the business literally hangs. I mean I don't know that it literally hangs but it is part of the USP of the business is just, it's beautiful and awesomely done, it's done to perfection and we don't miss a detail. So you know what if we

Speaker 2  30:41
were to do the national brand under a different name, so that he could always keep the Luma cast as cism thing. 10 degrees. Yeah.

Speaker 1  30:51
And then we'd have a chance to do a rebrand as well. That actually could be a possibility. So he has his second thing under the hood nobody, it's not tied back to him. But then we still have that, that thing on our hands. They have a worthy point of, how do we enforce the,

Unknown Speaker  31:17
quality.

Unknown Speaker  31:18
the quality yeah but that's arch, I mean that's on us.

Speaker 2  31:24
Really the same way you do any national company right which we're so experienced. What if What if we don't even have to make a deal with Wes that's any kind of ownership of a Luma cast What if we say, give us the opportunity to buy your expertise over a number of years. Let's come and document your process. Give us the opportunity to ask you questions once a week to fill out any gaps we have. And then. So, so let us buy your, your modeling expertise, all you have to sign is that you will not even worry but you don't have to, you will not be able to directly. You can open up locations in the other states.

Unknown Speaker  32:12
And we won't in years and we want

Unknown Speaker  32:13
in years. Right.

Speaker 1  32:27
But you know that Bye, bye. Okay, here's where I'm saying, we could, helping him document his processes. His value to him, but he's

Speaker 2  32:42
actually talked about having that so he could give it to people who want to install their own windows. Awesome. So we get I mean it's possible we can even be transparent what we're doing, but we'd say, instead of paying you. If you let us come in and document what how to do it, we'll let you have that documentation to give to people who. Well that's a little bit problematic then from that perspective for us though right or not, I don't know, probably not. Maybe, maybe not.

Unknown Speaker  33:14
I don't know I mean it's a little like why, I don't know,

Speaker 2  33:18
a lot of it comes to it's a little hard to say. You think about where's the true value of the business. Is it is it what he does itself is so unique, or is it just excellence of widgets run. There's lots of other companies out there right

Speaker 1  33:40
but precast in the same way. Hmm, true, I think, I think the precast element is he is a significant piece of yeah what makes it different, and that he actually has a manufacturing process for its winter wells,

Speaker 2  33:52
he manufactures it. He can capture the margin there. It's a great product. Yep. Yeah, it's true. There's so many unique elements there. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  34:04
I don't see. Yeah, it's not just well run it's it's there. Yeah, I do think that is a significant component to it.

Unknown Speaker  34:20
All right, here's the thing I'm still trying to get away from. Maybe it comes down to budgeting time budgeting. What I don't want to do is a 10 or 20 k consulting engagement. That sucks time away from kind of the immediate like I got to balance balance that with the time for, like, I mean okay here's, you know if we're if we're saying we want something as we went to location live in Boston in a year. We're like, is it

Speaker 1  35:10
three years, or is it. Or is it a we're allocating this amount of money amount of time each week to this. And we're going to. Okay, so here's another thought sorry I'm jumping around. I have time, I'll

Unknown Speaker  35:30
get to it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  35:36
I gotta have this. That's the piece that I'm most concerned about being out of sequence. Because I don't feel like I have full transparency I've been all over the place. I've tried some things that haven't worked, and. And I'm still not 100% comfortable, we're missing a sales and marketing system on our strong marketing system on our business, which stinks. And I'm hesitant to be putting a lot of time and energy anywhere else until that's really resolved, right. So, so there's my hesitancy. Now another idea with the process thing is imagine that you had a tablet. That's that guides you through like okay so like on site, you know, rolling on site. Okay, you put down the plywood but down there like like your things, check off. Yes, boom, got that. Okay, next thing you know here's the here's the critical things, check it off. Done. And you have this tablet that you carry with you on site. Yeah, and just guides you through the process right and and require them to take pictures. So, yeah. All right, now you show up, take a picture of this. So here's a picture of the lawn beforehand. Right. And now you lay down your plywood, etc etc. Start to, you know, take picture before you dig dig dig dig dig picture after, like, and then you have that checklist, from a customer experience standpoint, like, should you ever need that. Right. But then you also are getting completed through the process by having a tablet hopefully it's a very minimalistic non disruptive way where at certain points of the process you have this. Like, you have these checks and balances.

Speaker 2  37:45
You know unless there's less there's an anomaly about the Kansas market that somehow. You know, just has lower competition level or something like that. I don't see any reason why we can't use the other words, why we can't take the effort of developing the process which most business owners aren't willing to do, and use that to create a massive right now what the sequence is I don't know maybe that's not the first project

Unknown Speaker  38:20
or some reason that I use that process to where we we can't do that.

Speaker 2  38:23
So what I'm saying is, I basically I'm agreeing with you. Okay, that I think if we, if we invested in our time and refining the process that we could capture a ton of value they're rolling it out nationally nationwide in a way that most people are not willing to do with their own companies. And therefore, in other words, I think, a superior process would be a big part of our superior

Unknown Speaker  38:48
rollout rollout. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's very true. Very true.

Speaker 2  38:54
Well I think I think when you're in terms of like building up the marketing business. Somehow I feel a little, a little unexcited. Okay, about

Unknown Speaker  39:14
why is it.

Speaker 2  39:16
Why my little unexcited about lots and lots of marketing clients. You guys because I feel like between the two of us that we can do a whole lot more than just like consulting or like kind of helping people here and there.

Speaker 1  39:34
I have another question. Yeah. Do you want to take your expertise, and put it into a business and grow it. Do you believe enough in what code house is doing that you'd want to that you'd want some kind of partnership with it.

Unknown Speaker  40:04
I'd be very open in that conversation.

Unknown Speaker  40:07
And what would it take for you to get excited about it.

Speaker 2  40:14
Okay, just to throw it out there let's say if I can allocate half a day, a week okay that's probably my max that I can afford to do right now. Okay. And if I can. Right now half day for me is worth something like $250 again. Yeah. If over the course of a year. I'll say over the course of three months. I can break even on that. And over the course of a year. I can be making $2,000 on that half day. And then if beyond that if I can be generating. If I have the opportunity to continue growing with the company basically at that point.

Speaker 1  41:16
So you're looking for. Okay, so here's, here's the preliminary model I've been looking at I don't know if it's exactly right or not. I've been thinking along the lines of, let's do compensation model where lead source gets 5%. So if you have a. If you're running a marketing arm, then that's your, your budget. If you have a setter who's doing it that's their budget. Put in 5% for the closer. So, if you give him a warm lead and they close they get 5%. And if you have a closer he wants to go hunt, they get 10%. Yeah. It doesn't take a lot of clients with the ticket size that we're looking at in fact.

Unknown Speaker  42:02
Well,

Unknown Speaker  42:05
it doesn't take a lot of well with the. Hang on. So 250, divided by point nine five. Wait, 250. No point, I'm sorry point oh five. So five k engagement breakeven.

Unknown Speaker  42:39
That's not a weekly basis. I'm sorry that

Speaker 1  42:41
is on a weekly basis. So a five K Week. So once we get to 20 k months you're breaking even

Speaker 1  43:03
once we get to. And then once we hit a million dollar run rate, you're getting to 4200. And it's just at. But a really, you're gonna have to have been even to get a sales guy, kind of depends. So, to get us to get you to. But are you still gonna be able to do it for half a day, and half a day at that. But maybe you will. If it's dialed in.

Speaker 2  43:49
So one, I talked about a little bit of a similar deal with another company at one point, and my concern there was particularly in business to business, it can be hard for lead attribution to be very solid. Right. And so, the deal I was present with them was actually a percentage of gross. Okay, regardless of source wage on the face of it may sound like what. So depending on the terms I could potentially my rate could potentially be haggled to compensate for the fact that your connection from 10 years ago made by, you know, that sort of thing. But it would give me the ability to track. First of all, it's very transparent as far as how much money do you need to pay me right. And secondly, I'm not. I have nobody to fight with on. Where did that lead come from.

Unknown Speaker  44:49
And, and you have a

Speaker 2  44:51
vested interest in the, you know, what the company is doing.

Unknown Speaker  44:56
Yeah. What was their reaction to that.

Unknown Speaker  45:01
Um,

Speaker 2  45:03
I started putting out some ideas about like funky videos to do to get their brand noticed and they were like, they were looking for, like, much more vanilla marketing and their enthusiasm just gonna. I don't know what other factors were they went with some old friend or something. But I was I was too out there I think with my proposal, it was, it was the weird

Speaker 1  45:31
percentage which is still five across the board is that, like, do you need to do anything about it. Or like, like what is

Speaker 2  45:43
like what would the percentage be if right now. Let's say what you're doing right now let's say it's if I if I would get paid $125 a week right now. What based on your current whatever you're doing, what percentage would that be gross right now.

Speaker 1  46:05
Dude, we are so, so here's the problem. Ellis has been doing most of the lead gen. I have barely cracked lead gen for myself.

Unknown Speaker  46:15
Okay,

Speaker 1  46:17
so, so most of my revenue, were hanging around maybe 10 to 15. k. a month. Yeah, it's like, and with the team, we were eaten by, I guess, nothing to brag about. So if you look at 250 500 500, out of, You know, it's, you know, that's probably actually not that far from the five, you know, three to 5%. But also, wait. So let's go back to what you were saying. So you're. I'm sorry, 125. That's not what you meant. That's a 10% hanging around 2%.

Speaker 2  47:17
Okay. Yeah, right. So really, let's say if we were to start meeting immediately at 5%. Oh, you were talking maybe what 75 5075 bucks a month really at this point, if we were just to say, where we're starting right now.

Unknown Speaker  47:39
I'm not opposed. I'm skittish, but I don't know why I'm actually Do you know why. Part of what you would be doing is buying my confidence, and not necessarily in you, but just in marketing in general.

Unknown Speaker  48:11
Yeah, because I feel like I feel like I've hit a wall. And I'm not sure exactly where that wall is like I don't know if it's wrong. Yeah. And when you're marketing everybody sells themselves you know as the silver bullet.

Unknown Speaker  48:34
Yeah, right.

Speaker 1  48:37
And a good marketer pays for themselves. And there's a piece of me that doesn't mind investing in the right kind of marketing. There's also the piece of me that's really skittish, and like wants it to be proven. Yeah. But if you do prove you deserve to be compensated. My vision. I don't know if I've ever told anybody this but my vision is to build a billion dollar consulting and development company.

Speaker 2  49:15
So that's why I keep bringing up the consulting. So you say a billion dollar. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  49:22
that's that's what I'm after.

Unknown Speaker  49:24
Because you like to develop people

Speaker 1  49:26
I love to develop people, I want room to develop people I want room to. I wouldn't find it another Craig that says, I want to go invest in businesses, and I can take him and be like cake so let me fund this for you. Let me mentor you or let me have one of my guys mentor you and let's go. I'll provide the capital, because I've built this empire that I could do this. And let me go make you wealthy, and let me put wealth into the hands of people who actually deserve it and are going to manage it well are going to make a kingdom impact both inside the business, and in their personal lives like that's what I wanted, like, I don't know how in the world is supposed to get there. But if you want to talk grand vision. That's grand vision. But I'm about developing people, and I want it, like to me, I see this as the vehicle for developing people gal right here, EA and working on some of software projects and stuff, some stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  50:23
She's here because I feel like she's supposed to be here. And the transformation that she's experienced a month and a half years.

Speaker 1  50:34
Like that's what I want to do. Like that's why I do what I like that's that's. So my question is, like, like, God knows the funding vehicle for this. Yeah. But I also need to have a funding vehicle for this, or I can't do it.

Speaker 2  50:51
I'm not certain the grand vision is you do actually want to fund the businesses, as well as provide the expertise for the businesses. Do you want to own the businesses.

Speaker 1  51:04
So okay so near term. It's not that. I'm not sure grand vision. I have to own them for them to be interesting if if I offer all the services that I offer there's no value in actually owning the business. Like if, if we actually can come to them and say, Can we take over your marketing, can we fix your operations, can we fix this, there is nothing else, right, like, Yeah, why would you buy it. It's a name. Like, they have a name on the door. Right. And we run the company. There is no company for them to sell.

Speaker 2  51:50
But how are we getting oh he's sucking all the profits out during the consulting. Okay, so for our server services were sucking all the profit out essentially.

Speaker 1  52:00
All right, so let me spin around to another idea. Another idea that I've had, is to have an in house consulting company where instead of consulting, people who want to run their own businesses which may actually be kind of aligned with what you're doing is we we literally consult. So, so, maybe not us specifically but we bring some like we hire somebody like you, and they see this opportunity. And we have a team of coaches within the company that literally mentor people into building out a branch of the business so maybe that's actually the model I don't really know for sure, almost like an incubator, like an incubator. Yeah, except incubator sounds so boring, but almost like it. Ah.

Unknown Speaker  52:49
Interesting.

Speaker 1  52:56
But it's an engine that creates engines. And we're past 430 now officially. What are you flying up

Unknown Speaker  53:10
at tomorrow morning tomorrow 10 o'clock or so.

Unknown Speaker  53:25
Well,

Speaker 1  53:28
I guess how should we wrap it up. Let me say this, I'm very interested in your marketing proposal. I think maybe it should be something that's. I don't know how to structure it. And that's comes down to a nice conversation. Yeah. The question is do you believe in me in the business and what we're doing enough to do that. You're still bringing a really great question back to the table. Like why. So what is the business. So rather than selling to people who will other people who will profit from it and don't necessarily see the value of it. How can we integrate this into a single business.

Speaker 1  54:38
Were both of her talents are well suited for it. And it's and it's a start business. So how can we proposition simplify. Well, I'm going to say, I'm gonna draw the line in the sand. I'm not interested in price simplifying. I don't think that way. I could be wrong. So I'm going to say it's a preposition simplification game.

Speaker 2  55:06
Oh, the genuine, the Empire's. Oh it's both.

Unknown Speaker  55:12
Um,

Unknown Speaker  55:14
Apple did not do both.

Unknown Speaker  55:16
Yeah, cash makes the argument that you call yourself when you try to do both.

Unknown Speaker  55:19
Really. Sure,

Unknown Speaker  55:21
period on which. But yeah, there's an economy of scale that you get, but not 50% or more.

Unknown Speaker  55:27
Yeah, Okay. Anyway, so

Speaker 1  55:31
my bent is towards proposition simplifying still hung up on the time and effort required to pull it off. That looks big to me. But if we say it's four hours a week that conversation may look different. And I may be overestimating the amount of time,

Unknown Speaker  56:08
you're connected right.

Unknown Speaker  56:09
Yes, sir.

Speaker 2  56:10
So my question is why was he use your connection to raise capital,

Unknown Speaker  56:27
which business.

Unknown Speaker  56:28
I mean any business really. And suppose we were to. I don't know maybe maybe we have to earn over 100 money I'm not sure, but

Speaker 2  56:59
I don't know it seems like maybe like together we would dare to do stuff that individually, we wouldn't

Speaker 1  57:04
ever question. Yeah. So if I brought a investor into code house as a software company. I just, I don't know why. Again, roadblocks are challenging me. I've resisted that. But if I found the right guy. It seems like a really. I don't know if we're close enough to go to market plan, but it does seem to me that with the right investor with the right amount of money in the construction space that or whatever space we end up in that between their expertise and their capital, you could really pour some money on this fire

Unknown Speaker  57:52
on the code house fire

Speaker 1  57:55
again my vision, I gotta let you go. My vision is to build a software company that takes college grads with no experience or people off the street, who are the right type of person with almost no experience and gets them in the game. Yeah. And, and to have it at that level. That's my vision. So, okay, Cool. Yeah. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  58:18
We will.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai