Matthias Miller  00:21
Hey, hey, can you hear me? All right, yes, I can you hear me?

Speaker 1  00:27
Yep, I'm out riding my bike, but I'm pretty close to done, so pardon the wind noise, and it will be over with soon.

Matthias Miller  00:33
Alright, awesome. So I here's, I'm gonna go on a little walk while you're doing that. Let me kill. Kill. Wi Fi, it's gonna blip. So the backstory is that CSC is they're paying for a customer high level, plus customer integration, and your sales guy really doesn't like it, and literally, they set aside $300 a month to fix it, okay, and I'm willing to pay about that much out of my own pocket on top of that, if I account for my own time in the midst of it, okay, but if it goes have to go much beyond that, some point I'm going to throw up my hands and be like, Look, I'm tired of working with somebody who doesn't really have money, and especially on this problem. And I'm not sure I like, I'm not sure I like this type of work well enough to really try to keep you around, yep. So that's the that's kind of where it's at

Speaker 1  02:06
that makes good sense, and I'm good with all that. I'm assuming everybody knows that that is not payment for an eight hour day.

Matthias Miller  02:14
Yeah, yeah. It's not what I don't know. I don't even know if there's a way to get done what we need to get done at this, yep, with this. So I think there's potentially a world in which I don't know. As a little side note, I'm getting, probably, I'm definitely getting fractional CFO type work out of this, because the owner text me with a desperate plea for help. So, okay, there are other problems that need to be addressed. I don't know how to do this without doing a screen share and doing a walk through what, what? What does this need to look like? Can we do anything meaningful in this budget?

Speaker 1  03:04
I think so. I need a little bit more details about what you mean when, or what they mean when they say we're paying for this thing, and it ain't working, right? Because ain't working, could mean a whole lot of different things to different people. Do you actually have the details?

Matthias Miller  03:18
Yeah, there's one step at a time. I mean, it's like he wants to have. We need to have set up some automations to have, and have got quasi details in a document. I expect we need to hop on and do a screen share and talk through how everything works, and you figure out how long you think it's going to take for you to get it done, and if there's a price that we're both happy with, and if so, and we just do this. And I think I get with the sales guy every month, or however, often, and figure out the Okay, it feels to me like very like razor thin margins to make this work, but do what I've done with other projects, where I work with the sales guy for a client and get hand wavy things of like, this is about how it needs to work, and then get with you to take that and hammer out the details about how to literally get it done. And you go do it,

Speaker 1  04:29
yep, so, and then we just, I'm generally good with that. If you are, what kind of company is this? Again, the shed company, okay, and so I'm assuming we're talking about fairly basic sales pipeline, and follow up and write all the usual,

Matthias Miller  04:46
yeah, it's like he wants. He wants. It's that basic type of stuff.

Speaker 1  04:51
Yeah. Is there any AI involved at this point? No, do they want AI?

Matthias Miller  04:58
Well, it doesn't matter. Or they want it they can't afford it right now.

Speaker 1  05:03
Okay, perhaps also, on the other hand, though, have you fiddled around with DHL built in AI at all a little bit, but not much. It's functional, like it's functional to be worth way more than the minimum $100 a month fee to your average business at this point. It's, it's, it's still a computer. It's not a human. But, you know, compare that to somebody's $40,000 a year salary, or even the kind of person you get for a $15,000 a year salary, and it's pretty good.

Matthias Miller  05:33
Yeah, that's, don't disagree. And if you want to make any pitches for that type of stuff,

Unknown Speaker  05:39
Mike, I might consider yep happy to

Matthias Miller  05:41
entertain that Yep. And it's way worse. I mean, they have an in person assistant they're paying for half time who, I mean, it's just, listen, this is just the circus, the whole thing, the whole thing. Yeah, so, but if you want to make a pitch to replace them with AI, then, well, that's on the table. Okay.

Speaker 1  06:07
Well, we can consider that if you want, if you want computer screen time, I am back to my car and I have my laptop. We can do that, or we can schedule again for another time.

Matthias Miller  06:18
Give me three minutes to walk back to me.

Unknown Speaker  06:21
Yeah, I need a couple moments too. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  06:39
gonna turn my camera off to save Some phone battery for a minute. Good. You.

Unknown Speaker  07:56
Giving a switch.

Matthias Miller  08:12
I can do my thing.

Matthias Miller  08:39
Up i sharing a Google Doc with you. Client doesn't know about sourcing us, but they don't really care, but they might get confused as they see your name.

Speaker 1  09:06
Lost you. I'm not sure why. Let me switch to my computer zoom, and hopefully it'll be better. I'll be right back with you.

Matthias Miller  09:13
Okay, sounds good? Bye.

Unknown Speaker  10:03
And here I am,

Matthias Miller  10:06
all right, okay, let me know if you can see my screen. Yes, I can. Okay, so I'm 90% sure i

Matthias Miller  10:25
that custom fields with the task title and task description have to live outside of GHL itself. I don't think there's good enough support for automation so that you can look at the earliest task instead of custom field. But if I'm wrong, I'm happy to be corrected. Okay, so we want tags for missed call voicemail. New lead I typically love. I like to prefix them somehow, but I don't know. Well if it makes sense, maybe it doesn't quote request follow up and update for each of these. I think this is literally triggered by missed call, triggered by voicemail, triggered by I think I need to figure this out, triggered by quote.

Matthias Miller  11:38
So then we would for each of these tags.

Matthias Miller  11:47
Color it was a color detail down.

Matthias Miller  12:01
Here we go, like, these are the guys that would

Matthias Miller  12:13
wait. This is triggered by

Matthias Miller  12:20
someone calling in. Okay, this is

Matthias Miller  12:42
up. Update.

Matthias Miller  12:52
Okay, so then this is i

Matthias Miller  13:03
if any of these are overdue. So set up these tags. Some of them need some triggers for them create smart tags in the opportunities view that look at these tags, plus there's a task overdue tag that gets triggered automatically based on with automation that there's like missing tasks, task overdue, task due to date and test, you know, upcoming tasks or something like that. It's like a four state, four different tags that it cycles through automatically on the contact record, or the Yeah, the contact to indicate task status. That's through a back end automation that I coded. So then when, when any of these

Matthias Miller  14:00
tags are triggered, move them into the new opportunities list and create a task, I would assume. Create a task if none exists,

Matthias Miller  14:21
move it into the and

Matthias Miller  14:30
then when you move it out of the new opportunities stage, it would remove these tags. And then we would also store a.

Matthias Miller  15:07
Before you move it into the new opportunities you would store the pipeline stage that had been In, and then,

Matthias Miller  15:19
when the contact tag changes to i

Matthias Miller  15:53
It's one place I didn't think it through. If you complete the tasks I'm

Matthias Miller  16:33
Oh, I said, Time Delay. It's not intentional. Time Delay. What?

Matthias Miller  16:56
Right? Does that all make sense fairly well?

Matthias Miller  17:12
A what's a happy price for it?

Unknown Speaker  17:22
Linda, literally for the things you just went over.

Matthias Miller  17:25
Yeah, just this automation section, right, right here.

Speaker 1  17:28
Oh, I don't even really not answer that question. What do you want to spend?

Matthias Miller  17:34
What if we did this? I don't know how you how you feel about it. How about we make this? What if I pass on the 300 bucks a month extra that I'm charging for this to you, and you tell me if you think this is heavy or light, and we just keep and just on a month by month basis, whatever the task is, we figure out what we can bite off and go again.

Unknown Speaker  18:10
I like that. I think that works great. Okay.

Matthias Miller  18:15
You happy with this, plus any additional follow up, and I mean reasonable follow up and debugging for a month.

Speaker 1  18:24
Yes, I am, and I assume that it's fine for me to do test test leads, test transactions, whatever we want to call them to make sure

Matthias Miller  18:32
that it's working, I would assume so I'll double check and let them know what's going on. But yeah, yep,

Unknown Speaker  18:41
yep, that seems good,

Matthias Miller  18:43
as long as I mean, the understanding is that anything that's in the life system gets, if you do any change, any light leads, or anything like that, it gets put back the way it was. You won't do that, like whatever,

Unknown Speaker  18:54
for sure. Yep, but yeah,

Matthias Miller  18:57
okay, good. Do you have a timeline?

Speaker 1  19:03
I cannot start today, but I don't see any reason I can't start tomorrow or so. And is this in your GHL, they have a sub account.

Matthias Miller  19:14
They have a sub account. It's Colorado ship company under my and I think you have full agency access. Is that

Unknown Speaker  19:21
right? I believe that's true.

Matthias Miller  19:24
Let's just go double check before we disappear.

Speaker 1  19:34
And it is that Colorado shed company specifically, yes, okay, great.

Matthias Miller  19:47
We have, let's see team.

Matthias Miller  20:03
The Agency. There's no location limitations on there. Yep.

Speaker 1  20:10
All good, okay, perfect. And I suppose an important question is, what are they expecting for time they know that we're going to trickle this out. They're expecting it all to be done yesterday.

Matthias Miller  20:25
None of the above sales guy knows that they're low balling me, and GM doesn't care,

Speaker 1  20:33
and sales guy is the main one driving the requests. Yep. Okay, that's a fairly good arrangement, in my opinion,

Matthias Miller  20:41
yeah, I mean, yeah, I will. I will let me, let me. And I know it's so little, it doesn't care, but you went like, 50 is old now, and 50 on delivery or something. Or do you want to just wait? Or do you want to which?

Speaker 1  21:03
Um, let me start tomorrow and see how far. Let me think about this for one split second. Hold on What is today. Today's the fifth, let me just look at something. Um,

Speaker 1  21:25
a figure, I mean, I hope I don't sound insulting a figure that small is small enough that it hardly seems worth doing the 5050, on. But at the same time, I'd love to have money sooner than later and get started.

Matthias Miller  21:36
So I don't, I don't, don't, I don't, I'm not offended by any answer whatsoever. I'm if you can wait five, five seconds here, I mean is, I mean first, yeah, I'm happy with that. If you want, if you want that, happy to

Speaker 1  21:58
do it. If you don't mind, that'd be great. I don't mind at all.

Matthias Miller  22:05
So let's see CSC, January changes, 102, I two.

Matthias Miller  22:30
Sent, well, sending. Sent, okay, I will let them know that you're going to be working in it. You're going to be testing. To be testing it, and we'll, I'll go ahead and invoice them as well for this month. And, oh, wait to hear from you.

Speaker 1  22:53
Sounds good, yeah. And I think, I think you recorded this. I'll email Audrey as well, but if I can get a copy the recording, that'd be great. Yep, all right, that works. Sounds good. Thanks, yep. Thanks, Jennifer. Bye, for now. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai