Speaker 1  00:00
Then, but I don't know, I don't have any, I mean, I just have a bajillion. Okay, but let's

Unknown Speaker  00:05
get started.

Unknown Speaker  00:10
And I'm gonna say this to Ron and Stephanie, whatever you hear, I want you to share it. Okay? I Okay,

Speaker 1  00:26
okay, so I'll just give you a little picture of my life. Six weeks ago, I told you this. Am I recording

Speaker 2  00:35
this? That's me. Okay, okay, baby. So that may start round, but I have your permission? Yep.

Speaker 1  00:46
Okay. Six weeks ago, my wife, I told you this, my wife lost a really close friend of hers. Yeah. And about a month, a little over a month ago, lost my dad and listening to Perry's story tonight, starting the cancer company, and like he's telling going through the story evolution 2.0 and then meeting the scientists wouldn't have been possible without the book. But all right, then this nonprofit, well, the nonprofit wasn't the right vehicle for this. And then, and like this, this afternoon during Shannon's talk, was the first time that I what it's like every Well, I saw myself in a story, because up until recently with the cancer project, there's this this thing over here, there's this thing over here, there's this thing over here, there's this thing over here. How in the world do we all fit together? And that's how I look at it from the outside looking in, and that's very much how I feel in life, like it's

Speaker 1  01:52
been a year and a half, almost a year and a half, since I sold off as some strange part of My Business, major client engagement ended up last fall. Like q1 was crickets, like another major client scaling back. Nobody, like, like another client coming on, but like, super lean, super super lean, and just crickets everywhere. And then things start picking up, q2 and all this other kinds of stuff. And I have, I have this. I have this. All the money I've ever made has been intact. On a whim, last, last August or so, I was like, I'm gonna get a do a webinar with Perry. So I did that, trying to figure they need topic, they need content, whatever. What's it gonna be, how to promote it? And so I went to chat GPT. I had written this outline for buck, and I took all my Facebook posts. I said, chat GPT, go stitch this thing together. And I was like, I have a book here. Like, this is my consulting process. This is how I this is two things. It's how I think, and it's my process. This is a book, and so we're actually it's supposed to be my assistant's supposed to be getting it on Amazon, like, while I'm here, and then we're doing prints after that, and then future editions after that. So I have that, I have tech I have that I have these shed companies who are so knuckleheaded when it comes to their sales. Like, why would why do we need to actually support our dealers? Like, dealers should just get their act together, like, and we shouldn't even really need to listen to them. They should just go figure it out. And it's just mind numbingly stupid I'm saying Kyler. Kyler knows how to do sales, and I'm talking to these guys, and they're looking at me like, I'm a total genius, and you versus me, like you take the cake. I mean, like, but that's not even my experience. It's just it's so basic, and they can't even wrap their heads around the basic like. And so I have all these pieces, and I'm like, like, this little kid with like, and then add on top of that, like, let's, let's throw in a good like, existential crisis. Like, let's have dad disappear. And like, have all the family. Here's the thing. This is, like, you know, candid, because what else are we gonna do at the risk of bleeding over everybody? But you're welcome to believe my grandpa was abusive in every possible way, like the guy was, you know, the guy was broken, and my dad, I was born at the peak of my dad being in the middle of some of that stuff with my grandpa. And so, you know, we're all together as a family. My siblings are like, man, wasn't it so cool with dad and the business that I'm like, No, not really, like, because that wasn't that was my experience. And And with time, well, obviously there's a lot of it's still really raw, but you know, there is with time and a little bit of distance. Over the last month, I've seen, like, no, like, this is a really cool thing about Dad, like, a lot of the resilience that I have in my ability to push through, I mean, it's the Elon Musk, you know, eat glass and stare into the abyss. A lot of that I got from my dad because he did that. Like, every that was how he lived. Like, there was no choice. You had to find a way through it, and he did. But there's also this wide range of, okay, so, so throw a good, a really good existential crisis minimum on top of all of that, I'm like, I have no idea what I'm doing with my life. Like, pretty much everything that I built is getting disassembled in some manner, and the process of rebuilding is like 10 times harder than I ever think it would be.

Unknown Speaker  06:12
So there you go. See

Speaker 2  06:17
family. Anyone like to share, including you? Tyler, have a seat. What do you do? Have a seat. You're sharing whatever you hear. Holy Spirit sing. And I don't want you to think about I want you to share what you're hearing. Ross,

Unknown Speaker  06:38
turn your brain off. Alright, well,

Speaker 3  06:40
I'll tell you what came to mind. Okay, I told the last I don't know, terrible dates, by the way, just so, you know, so normally within 10 years, but no, the last year or so, I just, I had this epiphany that, like God disappeared, like God always loves me, he has to. So in my book, My dad loves me because he has to, because I'm his kid. And so for me, it was the same thing God has for me, he's on this kid, he's obligated. But then I had this epiphany. I kept hearing it over and over that he actually likes me, and that for me, was exponentially better only loved. Does that make sense? And through that, and through the trying to learn about humility and everything else, I came into this thing, like, if we just don't think of ourselves as four year olds, it works. But here's why I picture myself, you're in the kitchen, right? And three year old, four year old, and you're the bad whenever you're like, Come here, buddy, let's make brownies, right? You know, good? Well, it's gonna be a horrible mess. It's gonna take 20 times longer if they're gonna be terrible. Everything is going long. There's no upside for you, involving your child, but has nothing to do with the brownies. It has nothing to do with any of that. And it's just like, You know what? That's God with me. He's like, You know what, brother, I just want you to be right here. We're gonna make a mess, and I'll have to clean you. And he's not worried about the brownies. I can make brownies without him, I promise before, but for me, like to help see myself as that four year old. To be like, I don't have to prove anything to be like, Okay, God, look, I'm winning your approval. He's like, Dude, you're four. Like, you're not gonna be like, Are you impressed? He's like, You're four. I thought your drawing was an elephant. It was me, right? If you've had kids are like, Oh, is that an elephant that? They go, that's you. You're like, but for me, it was a total thing that he likes me and he wants me to be in the room like he doesn't care about the mess. He doesn't feel like, Joe, he doesn't care to mess up. He's like, Dude, I love you and I like you, and I want to be with you. And I was like, that's overwhelming. So when I think of it, when I was thinking, God's like, just my dad, right? And he's like, and so in your case, you're like, are you watching this world is going apart? And he goes, Hey, champ, guess what? I got it. If you're at the elite, I got you. You've got to let me if you if your

Speaker 2  09:00
dad had kids, you get that, right? How many children do you six kids? You know what I'm saying, and

Speaker 3  09:06
you're like, Dude, you're four. You Don't Know Jack, listen to your dad. And I think it's that same thing. I just constantly go back to my zone, go trust your dad. And you also remember as a kid that if the whole world was going on, if you just move your dad's hands and you didn't know he could actually hurt right? When you're poor, you think your dad is really Superman, like, well, it's nothing hurts him. And for me, it's kind of that same gone, because legit, my dad cannot be hurt. Are you there? Oh, you are good. And so, like, just help me attack the world. Go, Jesus loves me. My dad loves her. He's right here, and I'll have to do is grab his hand, like, world can't touch

Unknown Speaker  09:41
them. His dad's here.

Unknown Speaker  09:43
That's where I mentor.

Speaker 1  09:44
I'm seeing a sign in my office. This place is run by a four year old.

Speaker 3  09:51
I actually know that it is so they're finally they love me being four. I

Speaker 2  09:58
like it. And you know what? Matthias, this is what I love, the timing of God. It was time for Ross to cross your path. It was time for Tanner. It was time for symphony, Tyler and beard. It was time for Calvin to cross your path. You are your unscheduled. When all that mess, your unscheduled, the mess. This is your mess with God's kiss on peace, dad's in the kitchen, baby, and it is a mess. We agree it's a mess. We're not We're not saying it's not a mess, but you know what we're saying? You're in the center of the will of God, and that's the view I always have, no matter how messy the kitchen I'm still in God's will. The kitchen is a wreck, but it's you and me in this wreck. Jack kitchen, Lord, I'm not here about myself, and I know how to respond. I dance in the middle, I dance, you know, you gotta have a response, and it's gotta be a pain response, because, you know, it's like, okay, it's still here. I asked, God, he didn't move it, then I'm gonna dance him. Because, you know what he does. He turns our mourning into what? Into

Unknown Speaker  11:21
dancing? Everybody get up and dance.

Unknown Speaker  11:25
Everybody can, you know, we landed

Unknown Speaker  11:34
in me, didn't we? Stand today

Speaker 2  11:56
and be getting weird. Dance in it. We're becoming, we're becoming you guys, and we're going to keep becoming until we see him again. We're just going to keep getting better and wiser and stronger and older and wiser and stronger, isn't it true, whether we like it or not, it's our station in life, whether we like it or not. The sun shines, whether we like it or not. So this moon, stars, Jupiter and Mars, they all care. We like it. They are doing what they were created to do. Everything does what it's created to do. But you, you, you, you, you and you, we have to be cool, and we're his favorite creation. What is that all about? There must be an enemy, huh? Never. Yeah, everything else obeys, whether we like it or not. So why is what people think and what people do and what people say. So shine on baby. Just keep shining. Keep shining. Your life is necessary in this our symphony. If you don't shine, we're in trouble. If Matthias don't shine, we're in trouble if Kelly don't cross, if Tyler event, don't shine, we're in trouble. We're in trouble. So guess what? We're still here. The world is gonna be okay.

Unknown Speaker  14:04
so I was.

Unknown Speaker  14:07
You don't have to know

Speaker 4  14:10
the foundation of all Western Park Music. But if you follow the trio, music, all the way back. Is hooves. S is. the mournful songs of enslaved people. It is the foundation of Western pop music, and it starts out as blues and then goes into Ragtime and becomes jazz, and it becomes rock and roll, and it becomes rap, and it becomes this enormous worldwide phenomenon, born

Speaker 4  14:55
in New Orleans, enormous,

Speaker 4  15:00
Each other. each other. Feels like it is honoring the suffering.

Speaker 4  15:27
It doesn't justify or change it, but it pays a lot. It pays honor and respect, and I've been captivated by that off and on, because, like, I so I'm a musician, among many other things, and I'm a funk musician. Funk the word for, like, you know, and funk uses a lot of really weird scales. It's jazz and rock, kind of, like, fuse together really weird, and it should make them cool, like get into it because, because it lives at that intersection of joy and sadness, of of, of like the major scale and sort of this in between minor move, right? And it's so wonderful, because if you only have Ode to Joy, if you only have the sense of triumph, then it doesn't feel like it has payoff, right? It doesn't feel like it has that nuance. And I you know, we're all becoming, yeah, being 11 sucked. It was powerful. I talked to many people from many different backgrounds. Middle School was always the worst period of their lives, until they hit their midlife crisis,

Unknown Speaker  17:02
until HO and I

Unknown Speaker  17:10
don't know, I'm

Unknown Speaker  17:13
just captivated by it, Like you see the season of intense discomfort creating the beauty that can span continents.

Speaker 5  17:29
I'm gonna I'm gonna pick that up, pick up that ball and run with it. The word I was getting when you were talking about it is when your dad you inherited his name. And that doesn't mean that you have to be like your dad, but it means you get the best parts of him, and you get that legacy that is coming all the way back from your grandfather, who was abusive in every single way, right? And just as blues and r&b and fun carries the legacy of the original can of Hazel maj and turns beauty and turns mourning into dancing and you are in this stage of life where in order to experience the transformation, you gotta start that's a place where things get to be transformed, unfortunately, right? Like, that's a tricky place to be. This song I have wept many, many times to that song. It is a great song for when you're like, I literally don't understand why everything is happening this way right now, but I'm just gonna assume that it's always on time. It's all happening right on schedule, not my schedule.

Speaker 6  19:04
So yeah, this thing on my heart, and it is coming from the Lord through a person that has experienced a lot of trauma, and during one of those worst moments in my life where I feel like I felt a similar way to what you were describing. I was talking to a mentor of mine, and she looked at me and she said, Simi, you did not come this far to only come this far. And she said, all of these things that you've experienced, the good, the ugly, the incredibly hurtful you were never given more than you could handle, and everything that happened, you were always taken care of. And there is no evidence in your life that should make you think that you won't continue to be taken care of, because that's the only thing you've experienced. You were always okay. So that was my century,

Speaker 5  19:58
and what did you tell me in the bathroom that this is gonna

Unknown Speaker  20:06
be about legacy. This

Unknown Speaker  20:08
is gonna be about the next generation my presentation is

Speaker 2  20:15
and so this nice, beautiful ending of the evening has been found. It's about months, and that's my confirmation that I heard from the King. I'm telling you, he doesn't live. This is not hitting. This is not happening. And I go all time. I'm so excited when there 500 written back

Unknown Speaker  20:43
that is exciting. It's about

Speaker 2  20:49
intelligence, and so I can't give it away, and you guys probably will still enjoy it, but we're gonna have to go have fun. And I want you to have fun tomorrow, and I want you to run up there and help me. If I need it, we need to get up there and outfit. You're my team for tomorrow. Kelly family, you're my team. You say, Oh, get up there, literally, because he so wanted me to do that. I loaded up that I had it, and I needed two more easels. And I said, okay, because you guys got tripod to ease with anything. Because, guess what, you all have, whatever you don't have. Have It All. Point to person, get their shoulders right here, though.

Unknown Speaker  22:01
That's right there, though, it's not

Speaker 2  22:06
necessary. We're all body parts. What would my body be without four fingers and how many toes, two thumbs? What would my feet be without five toes.

Unknown Speaker  22:24
What would my knee be without a kneecap? What would my arm be without an elbow? I didn't

Unknown Speaker  22:31
know. There's gonna be a medical place.

Speaker 7  22:35
I'm not crawling for right? Ross is like, let me ask Chad, G, P, T, oh. Me like,

Unknown Speaker  22:44
What does that mean?

Speaker 2  22:46
So we gotta get to that point. I'm nothing without Kelly. I'm nothing without Tanner. I'm nothing without symphony. I'm nothing without without nothing without cross the ball. I'm nothing without time, I'm nothing without you. Kelly, if we get that, we'll be okay, because whatever I'm missing, one of you have it. That's the plan. It's the truth. It's the truth, whether we like it or not, and all of this is about that truth, your body part, where's your other part? Right here at equity 2.0 I didn't have to look far. One Stop Shop. The room is loaded with body parts, so we gotta stop stressing. There's no life in stress. There is no life in stressing. And He came to give us life, and this life not the life we hoping for, scoping for no the life I gave you more abundantly, Connor, nothing like down the street. What they doing down there? That ain't none of your bills.

Unknown Speaker  24:10
My bag of business was right here, and we got to deal with the bag of business we've been given. And you qualify. Tell your neighbor, you qualify.

Unknown Speaker  24:30
You qualify.

Speaker 2  24:35
So if we, if we could leave here with that, where am I? Everybody? Person is God. Where am I? Everybody? Get connected and stay connected. Get connected and stay

Speaker 2  24:52
connected and care, care as you do. Kylie, as you do. Kelly, don't stop fast. So what we're going through a crisis. Who cares? Who gives a care? We don't, because we're the answer to the king. We're the answer to the chaos, and be the answer. Matthias, you have permission to be the answer. You don't need look.

Speaker 2  25:33
God has a way of burying your problems. Let them. John knew me, he will bury them. He will bury them. Let him. Don't dig it up. Don't go get your shovel and get a pepper over there, that thing's been very let it die. Let it die. Let it die.

Unknown Speaker  25:57
Rob, yeah, let it die. You. Man, and burn the shovel that you use, because if the shovel is still sitting there, you're gonna get the shovel and start digging.

Unknown Speaker  26:18
We got it hotter fire. Man,

Speaker 2  26:22
just stand that takes practice, that takes practice, that takes practice, takes practice. So you know what you're gonna keep. What is

Unknown Speaker  26:37
burn the show burn

Speaker 2  26:40
it. Don't go digging that thing is dead. It's dead. Say it out your mouth. It's dead. It's dead every time that's

Unknown Speaker  26:58
It.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai