Matthias Miller  00:00
We're gonna get into all kinds of stuff here. Because I mean, my brain is kind of exploding. I mean, it's, it's, there's things like one of the unexpected. Okay? tonality can actually be a huge factor in likeability and trust, I don't think that interest is in as big of an issue here, because we have an advantage. But there's a difference between your high voice showing and letting your voice drop into your chest. Getting rid of reds rhythms, has an impact. So it's almost becomes a little bit of a, quote, performance in that sense. Sure. So since it's as if it's video, there's lot from appearance, people will judge the appearance. But you have, if it's not that, then it's audio secondarily. And there's a lot that people also, this sounds kind of woowoo and strange, but there's also a lot that people will pick up just your energy, like if you are stressed, burned out. Whereas if you're in an open free kind of emotional state, mental state, they'll resonate, respond to that. One of the predictors of success is actually the number of back and forth in the conversation. Hmm, yep. So the longer the monologue, the more likely you are to kill the sale.

Speaker 1  01:25
Sure, absolutely. So that actually, with the whole process of them explaining things to me, and me asking clarifying questions, could be a positive for

Matthias Miller  01:39
them talking to you will build trust. It's ironic, that they will trust you more than more than the talk. It's completely backwards. But it's true. No,

Speaker 1  01:47
I totally believe it. I mean, there are a few times I give background of who we are as a company and stuff like that. And I'd love to have feedback even on that part. But

Matthias Miller  01:57
the other thing, you know, there's different ways to frame the conversation. So sales is a matter of making and keeping promises the whole way through, so so the more micro promises that you can make, and keep. And so you set the appointment, we're going to call you at 430. Eastern time, at at 429 59. You're hitting the call button. And at 430 Ring ring here comes through phone. We have helped this many clients, we've got a process for walking these things through. If there's anything that's not addressed, I will bring them up at the end. You know, are you on board? I mean, okay, generally, there's like a one to two minute report building, like, where are you at? What's the weather like, but not more than that. And then here's this process, we've done this lots of time, we're gonna walk this through. And then at the end, if you do have, if you have any questions that we didn't cover, yet, we're going to do that. That's a promise. The promise is I know this better than you. I've been here, I'm going to ask the questions, I'm going to show you expertise that you didn't think about. And I'm going to guide you on a predictable journey, because we've been here, that's the promise. And then you follow through on the predictable journey. And it goes all the way through then of like, you know, sitting. And so something else to look at then is at the end, it's very easy to leave it open ended. Well, I need to go talk to my partner. Well, when you know, when do you think you'll be able to talk to them? Well, it's going to be this Well, should we give a few days? Can you just go ahead and while we're on the call set a follow up conversation that we can touch base where we're at? And and then you can pressure test the appointment after you set the appointment? Set. Okay, so I mean, I'm available Monday at 230. Eastern, can you think of anything that would come up that would keep us from from being able to keep this from making this call, which gives them another chance to kind of to raise, you know, additional objections or anything like that. Something else you can also introduce early on in the process, if you want to, as the disqualification process is I'm happy to look at this, but first, I want to make sure whether or not this makes sense. And you can see who are the stakeholders involved? And, and just saying, Look, this is a big investment. And we have to have a conversation with the stakeholders present. If you're willing to put your foot down on that. Or, you know, I don't know like yes, this is something we're looking at six months down the road, but we're not sure. Well, you might actually be better off saying well, rather than wasting a lot can change in six months rather than waste your time. Let's go ahead and appointment six months out and let's or five months out and let's see closer to where you're at. And we can we can pick it up from there. Now that's probably a little bit of a gray area and working on how you want to handle it but it is something you can take a look at. The other thing I would take a look at is it's So then the other the other thing you can also do is is soft closes like financing, financing. And let's say financing, we're doing a big restructuring. We don't have funds, and just asking the question. I mean, that's totally understandable. When assuming that, you know, the financing straightens out, and how would you feel about moving forward? Or, you know, some kind of finger on the pulse, and flushing out any other objections that they have prior to? And making sure it's not just a? Yeah, sure, just smokescreen? Yeah. Like anyway, the other thing, too, that I would take a look at is, is going back through historical your personality and your style, as mine as well. Not always, you know, better process creators and followers, probably. But going back through the last dozen calls, or something like that, and looking for patterns. And saying, Oh, we asked this question. That's a great question that actually always asked that question. Or here's this other one, I should always ask. Because probably, if you coalesce all the sales calls together, there's a much it seems possible, there's a more comprehensive process that that you're following,

Unknown Speaker  06:33
I think, are to go ahead.

Matthias Miller  06:35
One other one other thing. Two other thoughts? Yeah. With the objections, if there are other objections like retail software, it might be worth addressing them early on in the process like either finding ways to defuse them or like, hey, sometimes people, even things around budget, getting some of these things out on the table requires some more thought. And then the other thing is that with something as complex as software, being able to give them a visual on the call, or near the call, or right after the call, I don't know it'd be ideal on the call. We can give them a visual walkthrough. This is the process, these are the outcomes to help them wrap their head around it. So it's less a theory. Anyway, that's my end of the first round, go for it. No,

Speaker 1  07:41
it's this is really helpful. My sense is okay, first of all, I had a really bad sales call recently, it was an existing client. They were not existing client, it was a they a prior lead. And to remember what all the details were, why, I mean, kind of from the very get go, they were kind of wanting to talk, but it felt like there was they were unsure about whether it's the right direction to go. And it's interesting is that one, I particularly asked Ben, hey, that didn't go so well. And you know, what, what all went wrong, because it felt I was really scattered. And like, almost doubting myself as certainly around back and trying to look at, let's poke at this piece. And he said, Well, he thinks it would have been better if we would have just treated it as if it were a brand new client and gone through from start to finish for the whole thing. That was super helpful. So and I think he's right. So I think there's probably well, I think there's a lot that I should be doing at the beginning and at the end. And there's, I'm gonna guess that I am. That the core process is solid ish. And I'm sure there's a lot that I could change, but I think kind of the core process of them walking through me asking questions. Now, I'm sure there's lots of things that, you know, if I'd have three different people listened to it, they each might have, you know, five things that I could improve there. But, but I think I feel more confident on that middle part of it than I do on either what my intro is or my closing as on on this. Well, I suppose one example of this is okay, first of all, I do like, some basic connections, and I could possibly do more. But I'll you know, I'll often ask them, you know, if I don't know offhand where they're located, so So where are you located? And, you know, if there's any way I can make a personal kind of connection, oh, you're in Millersburg. I hit or you're in. I look it up online. Oh, you're just because their address says Millersburg. But I say oh, you're just outside of Mount Hope. It looks like well, you know, most people don't know what mount where Mount Hope is and as I was born in Millersburg. And, and then he didn't actually know who Timon was my cousin. But he had just gotten an A, and I said, he's with Delta dimensions. He's like, Oh, I just didn't order for them today. So. So those kinds of connections are I think are helpful. But then how much? Okay, introducing the process is really important. I really like that. I think that's pretty valuable. How much do I introduce? I mean, I have not. Okay, I do usually, early on, I say, you know, I'm, I'm Alice, I might tell them, I'm the owner. And I'm located in Hutchinson, Kansas. And I might tell them, you know, we're in the big church out here. Kind of the place where I fall on the map. And even to say Hutchinson, Kansas probably does some of that itself. The I don't go heavy on the authority side of things early on, I probably more often at the end, they push into who we are at Code crafters. But I probably could give a little bit more introduction to give, you know, who co crafters is, I don't want to spend overspend time there because I'm wanting to focus on them. And not me. But I don't know, do you have any comments off offhand on that mean?

Matthias Miller  11:23
Anything? Good, very brief nugget of some level of authority? Sure. Like, here's when he introduced a process, like this is the process that we've developed from working on, in I don't know what the right phrases, but, you know, both small and large scale software, software solutions, you know, whatever the right, just a little bit that says, aha, okay, these guys have been from, from my 20 years of developing professional developing small and large scale software solutions. And like, just that kind of, I don't know, just a little bit of a lot over the top of this small mic drop of like, Oh, yeah. Okay, like, I got it. Like, this is like talking to a guy who's he's been around the block, he knows what he's talking about.

Speaker 1  12:18
Yeah. But also really introduce introducing, introducing what this the the call is going to be, I think could be really helpful, you know, I like to use so we offer these consultations. And to, and think through exactly how to say it, but to help give, provide clarity on what your software needs are, and whether there's ways we can be helping you. And, you know, in this process, I'd like to hear you describe what your what your needs, what your needs are. And we'll explore together, you know, what your business business process is, and just walk through kind of step by step through your, your business process. And then, and then, you know, talk about paths for, you know, what your options are paths forward. So, so working, someone that scripting, I think could be really useful. And thinking through thinking through context.

Matthias Miller  13:37
Another mental block is the block that by the time you've done this, I mean, you've done this hundreds of times, you've talked about it 1000s of times, and keeping it front and center, guilty as charged, that this is the first time hearing something for them to hear. So this stuff. Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  13:58
I wonder if there would be a way to also early on, talk about what our goals are, well, what software goals should be, you know? What if when your software systems are working the way that you want them to be working, then then it's just makes everything run easier in your business, or, you know, things, you know, the talking about streamlining smooth operations, I don't know what you say.

Matthias Miller  14:45
Well, something that you could do instead of that being into question is, and this is a question I've come to love is unpacking more of the goals because it's easy to assume that the goal is always productivity. Should see profitability growth. But that's kind of what you're taught that your goal should be. But there's also goals like, I just want to lifestyle business. Or, I don't know, like, I just want to avoid this risk. Or I really want this to be my big goal is to make this be an impact to the community and, and, you know, put food and families tables in giving them a space to express that so that you can. It's not about, okay, bad sales is about you wanting the product into that, but good sales is aligning your goals with theirs, and how can I help you help support you in that? And frame software in the context and determine whether it can help you or not? And if so, how?

Speaker 1  15:48
And are you saying, ask them broadly what their goals are in business, or specifically for the call, or I

Matthias Miller  15:56
guess I'm suggesting you could ask them more broadly in business. And just, you could frame it. Again, this is a lot of what what ends up being you get to decide what ends up being feels congruent to you. But a lot of people are in business for different reasons. And because of that, that ends up affecting the kind of software that we build for them. And I just like to hear from you a little bit about, you know, what is it about? You know, what, why are you What is it about business that you're you know, have you asked a question? The

Speaker 1  16:38
the, I don't know that I've often asked people how long they've been in business, in business I do. You know, I'll often ask them something about their team or about their customers, I think. And just thinking offhand, is, you know, after the basic pleasantries or whatever, just asked us just having them. Tell me a little bit about your business. And well, I guess part of that is, at what point do you introduce the roadmap? And what point Yeah, like, Would you introduce a roadmap for the call before you have them? Give business background?

Matthias Miller  17:26
Yeah, and I don't even know that you have to spell out the specific detailed outline points? Sure. You can just tell them you have a process and a set of questions that I see you found are really helpful. And you're gonna guide them. Got it. That's the process. And that's the promise. Sure. And then you deliver on the promise.

Matthias Miller  17:52
And it also gets you one of the things you also want to avoid is getting into the you don't want them to establish the frame. Right? If they start directing the call you've lost? Well, sure. Yeah, you don't have to be controlling to control the frame. But if they, they start going off on tangents, like, there's no coming mean, there's often no coming back. Or you I guess you can call it call it out. Say hey, look, it seems like we got off track. Can we can we do a reset? I

Unknown Speaker  18:25
don't think I have a lot of that one actually. So yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:35
Oh, the other thing, too, this is I'm not saying this is you, but this is a killer. I've seen other places is curiosity wins. So I just don't have the funding. Well, okay, that's interesting. Like, can you help me understand what that means? I mean, is it do you not have it now? Is it tied up elsewhere? Or is I mean, as the business just not profitable enough to sustain something like this? There's also just like, yet, people often, sometimes often, well, this is also a broader step back and I think this is something you'd be great at. But the goal of sales is to build the goal of sales is to get to the truth, not the sale. And the more you create an open honest dialogue, the more you they put their guard down, and then the easier the right clients are going to close.

Matthias Miller  19:42
Self Protection then when when they become self protective, that's when they give surface answers about I just don't have money or time or but remaining curious as I think is I've seen very positive results from

Speaker 1  20:17
So the Okay, it I do think pushing into the sales call format seems like you know has significant potential for us the process then to have well, the the process of with all our sales people. Let me see if I can find my marketing KPIs document here

Unknown Speaker  20:50
23 to 24 Yeah, I'll just put it in

Unknown Speaker  20:58
output and signal I guess the if you go into the KPIs charts there


Transcribed by https://otter.ai