Matthias Miller  00:30
Good morning Mark. Are you there?

Unknown Speaker  00:33
I am here with us.

Matthias Miller  00:37
Good morning. How are you doing?

Speaker 1  00:42
little frazzled, but good. It's got a lot going on. How about you

Matthias Miller  00:50
understand? Well, I'm I'm awakened at it. That's the Yeah. A little bit of restless night with with our younger so we're here.

Speaker 1  01:05
Okay. Yeah that it's surprising to me how quickly that becomes a most like a distant memory. Our youngest is or he's six now. And so the nights where we sell them have nights we're off with them. But ya know, when when when they're young, youngest two or

Speaker 1  01:40
two years apart, and it was, and they were they weren't fuzzy children at all. But still you had there were nights when, like they did really well. But

Unknown Speaker  01:51
sometimes those days it it's hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel for me.

Matthias Miller  02:03
Yeah, you're right. You're right. You're right on both counts.

Speaker 1  02:15
So sorry for the little note if you want. Yeah. How you want it to handle up? Did you want to do project updates? Or should we give that this week and next week and we just regroup on the 13th?

Matthias Miller  02:35
Well, there's so little happening that for this week, for sure. I I just yeah, we're getting we can cancel. As far as next week? Well, the biggest thing that I have there are a few, a few changes that would impact through that could be useful to have an updated on at some point. So we could take a look at moving project updates next week to a different day of the week, like Monday or Wednesday based on what works with probably primarily job schedule. Maybe Maybe auditors I'm not sure for or we can Yeah, or we can skip to there's nothing that critical with it. The other thing that we could take a look at what would be or the other thing that I need at this point is the accounting impact of memos of credit memos. And I think basically when when when a credit memo gets applied, we would need to reverse out any non Pio expenses that are tied to the credit memo and then also reverse out? No, that no. Don't know bottom line is needed think I was thinking that the peel gets adjusted on credit memos, right.

Speaker 1  04:25
That okay, it's a Pio amount. Actually, let's go back to that. Had Drew and I had email, something on Reddit that I had. If you don't have it in front of you, I can send it just send it again.

Matthias Miller  04:49
Crush me authentic really easily.

Speaker 1  04:57
I'll send it here. If you find it before then. I do have okay let's talk about credits and then I do have I do have some things for you today as well and then yeah at the end we can talk about we do a meeting next week are in some ways well let's take one step at a time let's do credits first and then then the other pieces if you're good to go for I like to keep it to an hour Brawl if we can

Matthias Miller  05:36
that'd be perfect for me if we can yeah all right. So that it here we see the credit AP creates credit memo linking to the correct Pio. Except we're not linking to the PIO we're linking it to the vendor invoice

Speaker 1  06:00
Yeah, I was looking at the debits and credits on the left

Matthias Miller  06:11
so

Speaker 1  06:14
receive product a chief product or materials goes up AP goes up then when it's paid up goes down checking down we have the credit memo then we say and then AP goes becomes less because we say wow assuming we had nothing in AP at that point, we would say well we have negative 125 in AP like we have credit to be used and raw materials goes down so there we would be reversing

Matthias Miller  07:07
basic basically

Speaker 1  07:11
a credit memo would would lower the amount of the vendor invoice by the amount of the credit memo

Unknown Speaker  07:27
that's quite answering your question.

Matthias Miller  07:32
I think based on what loud I'm going to need to pull up pull this up in a minute here. But I'm thinking Josh was saying that really the only thing that a credit memo does is adjust it reconciles a vendor invoice amount with the total that was paid and so if you if you get a credit for you know, I don't know boxes screws then you would go adjust the purchase order first. Adjust the price pricing on that and then you would issue a credit memo to get the vendor invoice to reconcile with the purchase order amount

Speaker 1  08:28
so the vendor invoice we'd have a let's say the vendor invoice was like the example here was for $500 and then we got a credit for 125 Then both payments I think like payments but both payments would be applied to that vendor invoice $500 paid by cheque and then a negative 125 Haman to lower that to be 75 Is that

Matthias Miller  09:01
let me let me just wait just pull up

Matthias Miller  09:11
give me one second. Let me let me pull this out. Let me take a look at it and make sure

Matthias Miller  09:34
all right, so

Speaker 1  09:36
Well, okay, there's a difference between the payment method eight back or whatever. Like if I think there's a difference on the accounting impact if, if we, if the memo is for actual funds sent back to us then that's it. Different than if it's a credit memo to be used in the future like you could have a vendor say oh I'll send you I'll credit you this $125 By sending you a check but more that happens occasionally but more likely is a vendor saying I will give you a credit of 125 which you can then apply it to a future invoice

Matthias Miller  10:37
okay so I have here

Matthias Miller  10:50
I'm so confused we have a credit memo and credit memo here that I applied

Matthias Miller  11:19
it's not showing up balance anywhere

Matthias Miller  11:29
right because the credit memo

Matthias Miller  11:38
let's say that this came from management wages

Matthias Miller  12:04
then you can apply credit to it which would mean that we it should show up as having been overpaid.

Matthias Miller  12:17
I am really confused here.

Matthias Miller  12:40
Should not

Matthias Miller  12:55
on a credit memo, don't you want to be able to say this is how much the PIO? Er This is how much the

Matthias Miller  13:11
this is how much was applied to the to the PIO items. Yes. But then, I wonder how Josh was planning to do this? I think he was planning to just go back and edit the original Pio.

Matthias Miller  13:37
So, and then use credit memo to make the constant tie up. Right.

Speaker 1  13:46
So, the scenario you're using, you're thinking about would be similar to a little example I sent to you where we have we we received for awhile, not quite maybe we we ordered five Widgets at $100 apiece. We thought we received those five entered them into inventory paid the $500 and then later we find out that oh we only received four. So if we go back and just change the quantity that makes it right and IMS but now we have a prize of $125 apiece instead of $100 apiece. But when you then apply the credit memo for that one for negative 100 You would then go back to the purchase order and say if you haven't already changed the quantity I only receive or at $100 apiece for a total of 400 and then you're paying that purchase order with the vendor invoice which has a payment of five and $1 a $500 check, and a $100 credit which equals 400.

Matthias Miller  15:07
Is, is that how you're

Speaker 1  15:14
I mean, that that makes sense to me the only trying to automate any of that on the purchase order or backseat that without changing the purchase order, maybe in the future, but I don't think that's ordinateur critical for now. So, yeah, I mean, I think that makes sense. Does does it make sense to you is that

Matthias Miller  15:43
I think it's fair.

Speaker 1  15:46
Now, what happens to me? How do we differentiate? If if we, okay, the example I just use, if the money How do we differentiate if the money was paid back?

Matthias Miller  16:11
Oh, okay.

Speaker 1  16:13
That's easy in my notes, bottom right section, that all of the company's payment methods would be available here plus has not been paid back to the vendor, which would be the default. And if in my example, it was not paid back to the vendor, then you write a debit to AP, basic lower AP by that amount, and you're going to use it against a future invoice for that vendor then if they had paid back the money then you would debit to the Payment Method account you would increase they they issued a check and that $400 Then the other side of the transaction would be you're increasing your bank account that of lowering AP

Matthias Miller  17:14
is that well, it would correct

Speaker 1  17:23
Yeah, that's harder maybe because let me this would be a better way of seeing it I believe so far up until I started talking about whether we got the money or we was just a credit to be applied in the future all we were talking about prior to that was the expense side of the transaction and now this payment now we're talking about the other side of the transaction and we it's either it either affects AP or we actually got money back or money back when a credit card like in the lowest case then it goes to whatever you know, the credit card account the bank account, but it's really those would only be those two, I believe

Matthias Miller  18:18
Sure. Okay, I think I'm not completely clear what Josh has been doing with reconciling the, the invoices it looks like there's a gap but it seems it seems to me like it's as simple as the reducing the the PIO amount a credit towards the PIO amount on the vendor invoice and then adjusting the non Pio account up to a certain amount I guess it could also be an adjustment the shipping and tax and discounts which gets distributed proportionately Oh goodness.

Unknown Speaker  19:20
Okay, and you're talking about on the vendor invoice

Matthias Miller  19:28
if you have a credit memo let's say that you have an invoice for Pio items and non Pio items and the charges $1,000 shipping and you should have only charged this 500. That $1,000 goes is the original $1,000 was distributed between PIO and non Pio X accounts. Isn't it Well,

Speaker 1  20:03
okay, that all the ends, how it's how it's entered on the purchase order

Speaker 1  20:15
Okay, is it safe to assume? Or is it safe? Is it correct to say that all we need to be concerned about with credit memos is the vendor invoice and the purchase order is a manual update that will have to be done manually

Speaker 1  20:40
we need to think about the purchase order. Okay. So in your example, let's say you have PIO and non Pio expenses. We can do whatever we want to on vendor invoice it just in the end, we just have to make sure that the purchase order amount now matches the lower amount of vendor invoice. Right.

Matthias Miller  21:16
Right. Right.

Speaker 1  21:19
But, but okay, what you're thinking is, how do we know which is how do we on the vendor invoice we also have one or multiple GL accounts, how do we determine which of those GL accounts is lowered? But let's say you have breakrooms applies and you have well, the more I have one would be let's say you have only a vendor invoice you have you have a $500 credit and you have some shop supplies, like brooms and shovels and then you have some nails or some lumber as well, which of those expense accounts do you lower when you apply the credit?

Matthias Miller  22:12
I think is that that's that's what we're trying

Unknown Speaker  22:15
to figure out right.

Matthias Miller  22:19
Yes, and and I guess the question is to you credit memos, do we just want people to figure it out themselves? What it is or do you want to have something where you can have a credit for shipping tax discounts, Pio amounts and non Pio amounts or do you just want to have AP figured out or drew figure out where these credits go

Speaker 1  22:59
okay, a common one is we were charged sales tax and we shouldn't have been charged sales tax so are shipping so if we had sales tax charged now we get a credit right at that bag

Speaker 1  23:24
okay on the purchase order it's easy enough because we could just we initially had sales tax which is proportionately applied to the items now we go back and edit it and take the sales tax off and the the items right themselves the items that come a little cheaper

Unknown Speaker  23:45
but we still had

Speaker 1  23:54
well, okay, we can we don't want to do the thing we did with moving from received not voucher to AP, where if I remember correctly the initial transactions are basically voided out and replaced with transactions when it moves to AP No, I don't think that would work.

Speaker 1  24:38
Okay, on on. But let's make this real simple. Let's say we bought materials for 500 $500 and then there was $27 of sales tax. So raw materials goes up by $527 and then later we get a credit If your intent is to leave the original 527 When product was received, and then later when the credit happened, you lower that by 27. You're not planning to, you're not planning your back and they're out that original 527 and replace it with a $500 transaction or you know.

Speaker 1  25:38
Okay, so then the question becomes how do we apply a credit seems easy enough, but how do we determine where the credit is applied to? On on the vendor invoice? Right, so that it correctly lowers?

Matthias Miller  25:57
So it lowers the correct

Speaker 1  25:59
to Ben's account? Well, it's okay. So yeah, we would have like you said, shipping. Angeles shipping, sales tax, or specific DL one or more specific GL accounts like, or whatever the product was for?

Speaker 1  26:35
It seems like if we have an option to say, well, this credit is for shipping or the sales tax, that could be straightforward enough. You remove those items on the purchase order and everything works. But if it's for the vendor invoice with two different GL accounts, you have shop supplies, and you have raw materials than it is for raw materials. How do you how you applied to raw materials? Specifically? Sounds like you have some something in mind or?

Matthias Miller  27:19
I mean, could we currently?

Unknown Speaker  27:26
Go ahead. I'm doing way too much of the talking here.

Matthias Miller  27:32
I think it might just be I think might be simpler than what we you and I are both thinking when we have shipping tax and discounts. And if we have Pio items, shipping tax and discounts get distributed to the PIO items. If we don't have Pio items, shipping tax and discounts gets distributed to non purchase order expenses. And so all we really need to do is it really is as simple as we're adjusting the applied invoice total. And well, because you're fixing the PIO, everything is going to work out correctly. So we're going to so we adjusted vendor invoice, we just as if it were adjusting that vendor invoice total. So if you have a credit memo on something for Lowe's, then you're going to distribute distribute that to the respective accounts based on the items you received. That if it's a non Pio order, and you get that it's going to be distributed to the account, or sorry, to the non Pio. We don't want to do that ever. A non PIO, we want them to specify which account we're we're crediting right well, it might be both ways.

Unknown Speaker  29:15
So a credit Yeah,

Matthias Miller  29:17
can adjust good.

Unknown Speaker  29:21
No, no, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  29:26
I think what I'm saying is a credit memo can adjust shipping tax and discounts. Or, and or it can adjust non Pio expense line items

Speaker 1  29:48
and if if the ladder most times those there's only No, there are Yeah, it can do that. If it does that, are you going to create the option to specify a certain line item or GL account? Or that is to be applied to? Yes.

Speaker 1  30:26
Okay, and if you have, what about if you have a purchase order? And you have one defective item? So they give you a credit for that one defective item? Why would you apply that on your your vendor invoice?

Matthias Miller  30:51
Well, I think you would bill go back to the PIO and adjust enough amount received because it's no longer in inventory. And then we would we would go back to the debt on the credit memo, you would have the ability here just taking some notes related to just shipping tax discounts. And non Pio line items? I think, I think what I'm proposing is credit memo would have an adjustment amount for shipping adjustment amount for tax and adjustment amount for discounts. And they really don't have to be separate. But it just makes it make more sense if they are. And an adjustment amount for Pio amount. And this is really just to make it

Matthias Miller  31:55
we don't know, maybe we'd simplify it down. It's the can it can be as simple as a credit, credit amount in the in the non Pio line items, if you want to detail it out. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  32:11
Oh, and you're saying if you want to apply it to the multiple different GL accounts, then you just create multiple lanes there.

Matthias Miller  32:22
Yes, and everything else just gets applied as an adjustment to the vendor invoice total and gets distributed?

Speaker 1  32:35
So will there ever be I'm thinking from a user side, will there ever be a credit that we want to apply to a GL account that's different than any of the

Speaker 1  32:55
other accounts selected on the original invoice? Because I'm thinking not, and I'm thinking if we just make it wide open where you can just I'm thinking if we could stay at like a column to the far right on the vendor invoice that says put your credit. Break down your credit. Here's a you have a credit for $50. You have five different line items and you invoice us go through and say well, we put $25 here 50 or $5 here, $10 here and another $15 here. Would that make it more intuitive or not? That makes it worse?

Matthias Miller  33:45
Yeah, I think we I mean, I think we could do that. I mean, slightly different. But same idea. When you entered the vendor invoice, we would show the original GL accounts non Pio GL accounts. Well, I don't think you'd ever want to do it for Pio items.

Speaker 1  34:06
No, I agree with you. You're absolutely right where you you adjust the PIO to match what happened on the vendor invoice.

Matthias Miller  34:17
So then you'd have a section for non Pio credits. And it would show you the original amount the amount remaining based on other credit memos and then you could fill in how much on this credit memo goes there. And then also on the also show the show remaining on the VI

Matthias Miller  34:53
I think so.

Unknown Speaker  35:03
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  35:10
And then the only thing that remains would be what happens when you get a check for it?

Matthias Miller  35:26
I think the credit memo would be. Yeah, go ahead.

Speaker 1  35:34
No, no, go ahead. I was you're asking about what if, if they actually pay money back for a credit instead of just a piece of paper that says use this in the future? Right? Well, on on the expense side, nothing, Nothing's different. It's just the only difference is if it's a piece of paper or a promise for a note for uses in the future, you store that in AP, you lower your accounts payable liability by that much. If it's if it's actual funds, check or cash, then you still adjust your expense account, just like we discussed, but then your rather than it lowering AP, it will increase your bank account.

Matthias Miller  36:33
Right. Basically, remember, we did a way to say

Speaker 1  36:43
yeah, that was our thought we're on the bottom right quandary quadrant of what I sent to you is

Unknown Speaker  36:53
we have a you need to select your payment method. Back to like basically, you're doing a credit memo, you have to say

Speaker 1  37:10
the default would be it has not been paid back, you might be able to come up with better Burbidge than that. And then the other options would be just your payment types. Same as what you have when you go to pay a vendor invoice whatever you know, you have your primary checking your primary credit card if you get cash back then you go or you get a check then you select your primary checking in it'll increase your your checking account by that because you truly are going to make a deposit there with that money coming back.

Matthias Miller  37:57
Right calls for some

Speaker 1  38:03
different handling then from that from that point forward because a credit memo where you're actually getting money back

Speaker 1  38:18
you have to be able to create it as he put that payment on a deposit record. Wow. Yeah, they take different paths from that point forward.

Matthias Miller  38:33
But couldn't this just be as simple as the ability to link a deposit to a credit memo which reduces the available balance of the credit memo I guess you still want to know it's not going to be able to be used. You don't want us if you know what checks coming

Unknown Speaker  39:00
okay, I didn't quite follow your

Matthias Miller  39:06
it could be as simple as a credit memos available balance gets reduced by either using it as a payment method on the vendor invoice or by depositing it. Yeah, and the only thing we really, really need is a checkbox on the on the credit memo that says I'm going to get a check. That way we don't accidentally use it. We don't actually accidentally apply the credit before we actually get the check.

Matthias Miller  39:58
I'm comfortable with that. You We got about 19 minutes left your stuff.

Speaker 1  40:05
I I'm Yeah, I'm good with that. And then on that timeframe, what I what I'd like to do is, once you have that working in live, I like Drew to do the first one or two just to make sure that it goes that it works correctly and all like it shows up correctly or reconciling and it shows up correctly in all the right places. And then I'd like to do, I'd like to see if we can schedule a meeting with with you and drew. And Josh and Dwayne just the Yeah, I guess just to make sure that we're all though I didn't know do you have you have an ETA on when you expect this to be done? And we could schedule something or?

Matthias Miller  41:04
So we are I mean, unless we're going to push well, you're out next Thursday anyway. So I would think I should be able to get it done the week of the third have an update on the eighth. And I'm fine setting a meeting for the 10th if you want to touch base.

Unknown Speaker  41:33
Yeah, I think so. that would

Speaker 1  41:42
that would be good. Because then the 13th we planned to talk about refunds. So Kent is good. So you want to coordinate that and set up? I don't think it'll be. Thanks. 30. Do you think 3045 minutes you'd be fine. Or you want me to coordinate the meeting? Yeah, fine.

Matthias Miller  42:02
I don't I don't I don't mind. Probably the biggest thing is Drew's availability that morning.

Speaker 1  42:14
Yeah, let's, let's assume that it works for him. And just Yeah, I'd say go ahead and schedule. Yeah, if you want to schedule that, and then we'll plan on that.

Matthias Miller  42:30
Nine o'clock. Good. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  42:34
So that's one day.

Matthias Miller  42:36
I will.

Matthias Miller  42:46
Okay, good.

Unknown Speaker  42:48
So what I had is

Speaker 1  42:56
well and anything on the NACHA files, I understand you, you read as have taken over as first priority and Josh gets done before we earlier than we thought so. Back not to files got pushed to the side, which is good. Any, anything there?

Matthias Miller  43:28
Yeah, nope. So might be that the week of the 13th between credit demos and Thursday that I might have a little time to look at it or get them early on the week before but it's kind of a in limbo, play it by ear thing. Okay.

Speaker 1  43:48
And same same thing with the bedbug on removing employees or inactivating employees on payroll module.

Matthias Miller  44:00
Correct. I've not done anything further with that.

Unknown Speaker  44:04
So I just send you an email with why I have this and then I have one other thing that's kind of

Speaker 1  44:13
maybe you tell me how to work with someone else on this but I have about 30 There's 31 invoices that oh, well, I guess this is okay. Take it one at a time. So number one invoice sales orders per date listed below. So I believe all of these four have already been invoiced on a previous date. Can you edit invoice date to reflect the dates listed below on those four they were incorrectly invoiced on or for one reason or another

Matthias Miller  45:00
I have a proposal yours would it be trivial for you to put together a spreadsheet with the invoice number on the left column and the invoice date on the right.

Speaker 1  45:14
No, that would be so, then too much the same thing these 27 Sales Orders were for buildings that were sold at a local auction and therefore need to be invoiced as of the date of the auction. The caveat here is we we've done this before already and we we do deliver some of these buildings then. So if we follow our our existing logic, we say wow, this this building has a is going to be a transit task and until that transit task is done, then it's not ready to invoice Well the reality here is that the data was sold at the auction it went from that's when transition of ownership happened from it being horrible barn companies building to the auction companies building so I don't think there's anything wrong with just going through and just will It will create havoc in for those transit tasks than when liver them usually their soul with 50 miles of delivery included. And we're just doing the delivery in assist of as it's our haulers in our scheduling. But you don't you don't see any reason why we can still go through and just invoice them, do you

Matthias Miller  46:57
I don't I mean, it's going to be I might actually be able to create the Excel file fairly quickly here myself. The I don't see an issue with that your trade the tests are still going to happen gonna happen after they're after their invoice and I'm assuming you've got some kind of write off process or something else to handle the payments side of things?

Speaker 1  47:26
Well, on the payment side of things, most of these are are sold with delivery, we're just fulfilling our obligation to deliver it, you know, 234 or five weeks after the auction. And if there's if there's sure somebody buys you know, there, you want that 50 miles or whatever the radius domain then we just create a separate invoice for that and handle that outside of Yeah. So you're either building as is

Matthias Miller  48:02
ready. Okay, good. So,

Speaker 1  48:08
I will, yeah, I'll get you that Excel file unless you've gotten

Matthias Miller  48:15
I've got it already. Sorry. Okay.

Speaker 1  48:19
So do you have some conversion software we can take it's already turning into Excel

Matthias Miller  48:26
Well, the Mac does a fairly good job with text recognition. Sometimes it confuses zeros and and O's. But it is, it's pretty it is pretty good with it. Okay, yeah, so that won't take long.

Unknown Speaker  48:54
Then the other thing I had was I don't think this is going to be too messy. But

Speaker 1  49:02
are those 10 or 11? You created a file for me 10 or 11. Invoices. For that looks got flooring that were they were they were invoiced in 2023. And now we're seeing those actually need to be done in 24. Because there was a mistake in the process. We we counted it as income and 23 when we actually need to count it as income and 24 because we didn't ship product, we didn't have the product and so it's it's makes the numbers all all skewed. So if I send you that list what do you have to do to go back or what? Maybe Maybe it's not you doing it, maybe it's somebody else. Like we everything that happened in 23, we disconnected the link between what happened on the operating site and accounting. But now we're saying, Well, we actually want these 10 or 11, to change the invoice date to only 24 and link the evidence linked to accounting again. So what what does that? What needs done in order to do that? Right?

Matthias Miller  50:54
So you want to do we don't want to, we want to keep the old transactions around, but because we tied out all of our numbers for 23. No, we want to

Speaker 1  51:08
we actually don't know, we actually don't want to keep those old transactions around. We're saying, Oh, are everything we tied out from? 23. We want to make a change to that. So what happened is we reflected $203,000 worth of income in 23. That needs to be recognized for

Matthias Miller  51:43
if you send me Well, there's two ways to do it. I think if Drew goes in and changes the original transaction date, and the invoice dates, or he can change the invoice dates, that's part of the problem. If you send it over to me, I can I can make that switch.

Speaker 1  52:01
Okay, and then editing the invoice date. Well, that Autumn, if you if you edit it to sometime in 2004, will that automatically after the nightly update, reflect those transactions and are linked that to accounting? Given those transactions? No.

Matthias Miller  52:18
need to manually go back and change the accounting transaction dates to 24 so that they're within the current period and get updated.

Speaker 1  52:29
Okay, which means our our year end AR number is going to change and are possibly a few other things. But yeah, that's right.

Matthias Miller  52:39
Or, alternatively, I can unlink the 23 records from I can completely unlink them and just keep them around so that it looks like we never pushed it to accounting at all. And so your AR numbers don't shift.

Speaker 1  53:02
Well, okay, they're the AR numbers are supposed to shift because most of these were reflected as income n AR at the end of the year. Now we're seeing no, that was actually the case. We didn't should have invoiced in January, February. So they shouldn't have been reflected at all.

Matthias Miller  53:23
Okay. Yeah, if you send those over, I can do that. Okay.

Matthias Miller  53:36
Side note, I am not finding your Indiana sales order.

Speaker 1  53:46
Okay, that one was you're not finding it at all. Okay. It was it was. I saw an assist yesterday and it was it was invoice back in nine. Or we apply the payment to it back in 2022. What happened was it was it was sold. Back in 2022. The customer cancelled. We never gave the money back to sets, right? They put it on a lot. So now and this year, they've first of this year, they've given us the money back. Or we gave them the money back. And now they sold it again. So that's why we need to have it

Matthias Miller  54:40
kind of going to the prefix is wrong.

Unknown Speaker  54:44
Oh, you didn't. Okay. Like a $17,000 Sister showing it?

Matthias Miller  54:52
Yeah. All right. That's an assistant seeing is North Carolina. Nada. not a not a Indiana building. Ah,

Unknown Speaker  55:06
yeah, you're right. Remember now

Matthias Miller  55:14
All right. Good. Well, we're good.

Speaker 1  55:20
Okay. And those are going to be updated. What? today? Yes.

Matthias Miller  55:29
Oh, it's done here. Sorry for my slip. Okay. All of them older

Unknown Speaker  55:36
3027. Okay.

Matthias Miller  55:40
Good. Well, yeah, yep.

Speaker 1  55:46
Good. I'll send you the file with those other invoices that we need to move to 24. And I think we will. Oh, you had mentioned about doing a call. And we decided not to do a call at all next week. That

Matthias Miller  56:09
I don't think I need a call. I think I've got what I need. So, okay, good. I will be focusing on my stuff. Yeah. Sorry. One last question. Is there anything that needs to change and accounting impact are these sales orders that you mentioned like especially the really old one, I guess we wouldn't have had a transaction for that because it was that old. I think the answer is no.

Speaker 1  56:40
The only one? That old one so they took money

Unknown Speaker  56:52
No, I don't think we do.

Matthias Miller  56:59
All right. Okay. Sounds good. Thanks for this. Yep. You're


Transcribed by https://otter.ai