Matthias Miller  00:03
Hey, Jonathan, you're always asking me for my input and and, or you love the lessons I post on Facebook, and this is one that it would be great to put on Facebook, but I'm not going to yet, but I thought it would be fun to outline the lessons through the great unraveling that's happened over the last two years. So this started with true point. One of the lessons was that you don't have to tolerate toxic clients and and I'm really grateful that I let go of them. I have a friend of mine who's still working with them, and it's just been one nightmare after the other. Number two, I've noticed this shift. I think answering any inner ache that you have has to be any inner ink that you have has to be managed in some way. So I think fundamentally, you have to take a look at, do you want to make money or not? And making money has simple rules. The simple rule is this, do you have making money is, well, there's two things. Well, number one, making money. Making money is about a finding somebody with money, B, who has a problem or a desire, and preferably their primary problem or desire, and C, with sufficient confidence that you can solve it for them, or move them closer to it, and D with a manageable downside along the way, and that's how you make money. Now, scalability is different. Scalability is do you have a group of people A and then B? Do they have similar primary problems and or desires. C, are you able to establish for them appropriately, that and bestow on them confidence that you can solve it for them or improve them or move them closer and D, is there a manageable downside in them working with you and making money? Is I've done well at making money bespoke consulting. Scalability has been primarily where the issue has been, and all of the business models have been problematic. So that I've been working with historically, because either there was some semblance of scalability, but realistically, I mean, I mean, it looked like it should be scalable, but realistically, there was so much stuff in my head and there was such a high expertise level, for example, software. I am brilliant at software, and the problem is that that that software inherently does not end up being super scalable in terms of delegation, unless you have a vast user base. So I was doing a bunch of custom software which is not scalable inherently. I did get some semblance of rinse and repeat with it, but it wasn't to the degree that it really was scalable. So it was a lesson on money and a pretty lesson on scalability, and then going beyond next lesson was go pick a group of people. And I know I have fought and wrestled with this a lot, but Perry really helped me with that in the last round table meeting, and go focus on shed builders. And then we're narrowing down to as a dealers and retailers beyond that. Next lesson, don't underestimate the value of ambition. Ambition is really valuable, and so find ways to feed that next lesson, Star principle matters, and 8020 matters. And if it matters, you should orient your life around that as much as you possibly can. And I did lip service to it, but I wasn't willing to get out of deals that didn't meet the criteria, which is why it took me so long to lead the partnership with my brother, And side note, retrospect, I'm really happy I did, because look at what AI is doing to the landscape of software development, and I see them as being very unlikely to change. And if they don't, in five years, they're going to be in a world of pain, and I'm glad to five or 10 years, 10 years easily, but maybe even before that, they're gonna be in a world of pain. Maybe they'll introduce AI in the process. Maybe not, but there's problems coming their way. So with that, part of the lesson is, go find a business model that you can solve hard problems or easy problems, and it's way easier to build a business around solving easy problems. Don't make business hard. And so that's one of the things I like about the dealer model is it's not rocket science. You're not trying to save the world. There's a place for saving the world. But I think you should reserve saving the world types of opportunities to Elon Musk, billion dollar types of ventures, and you have to be cut out to deal and manage the stress and high degree of innovation that's required for it. Other lessons, I think, I think the other major lesson right now, that I don't feel like I've fully capitalized and utilized, is how to capture current opportunities while maintaining a future vision. So I think I have to think of one YouTube video. I don't think I've applied this. So this is a lesson I'm learning and to be learned. But of a gentleman who a billionaire, I don't remember who it was who said that they would never turn down money, and if they had an open menu that nor that cost, you know, making a numbers cost 20,000 on a full night, and they could sell it on a Tuesday night for 5000 they would sell it on a Tuesday night for 5000 so they would never, never turn down money.

Matthias Miller  06:31
Another lesson is the absolute importance of headspace. For me, it's come down to meditation and stillness practices. It's come down to really narrowing down who I listen to for business mentorship and for personal mentorship. And I've pared this down to two right now, and both of them have been really good in helping establish the level of groundedness that experience and groundedness managing your emotions. I don't, well, let's, let's actually say get, let's dig into to what is managing your emotions. I don't think managing your emotions is being emotionless. I think managing your emotions is learning how to be facing down, staring down, difficult obstacles, and when you get knocked sideways, first of all, dealing with head on with things that throw you sideways, but then also when things get sideways, developing the capacity to move into a healthier emotional state. So anyway, miscellaneous lessons learned from the season. There's probably more to add to this, but I wanted to document it for my own benefit and I thought you would enjoy it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai