Speaker 1  00:00
Pathway in mind, pathway in mind, like, I'm gonna do it his way, like one of his scripts, one of his pathways. You told him the product research one. So the first message is gonna reflect that, but I guarantee you he'll be open to changing that message to, hey, we're starting a podcast, and we're looking for guests or something like that. If that fits you better well.

Matthias Miller  00:24
I mean, if we can go straight to an interview, I don't know why we wouldn't. Okay,

Speaker 1  00:29
awesome. And I can't I missed the part where did he tell you what to say in the interview? Or you've already got a good interview script anyway, because the other day, pretty

Matthias Miller  00:39
happy with ours, but I suppose we get his feedback on ours, sure.

Speaker 1  00:43
Yeah, I forgot for a moment that we just built one. So that's awesome. Yeah, all good. Okay, cool. Um, I like it. I think it has legs. Uh, I

Matthias Miller  00:57
was gonna ask you something. Oh, I'm still very intrigued. I was going to run this through chat GPT and have a conversation with it, about it, but I'm very intrigued with the, do you let me change? Well, gracious with the affiliate referral idea, you know, go recruit five other people and it's free kind of thing. I think something that I would need from you is, if we go into the bundled CRM in lead gen, what do you need to be able to successfully, or what are you looking for financially, that if the client hangs around for 10 years, you're not bothered by or that's, I don't even know how to say, it feels to me like we're dealing with a price sensitive market. I don't know that. I doubt many, many are willing to spend well in the market space. I know other companies are charging something like $1,500 a month. $100 a month for Ad Management with nothing on additional leads, lead, ad spend. Oh,

Speaker 1  02:11
meaning that, meaning, meaning the 1500 includes the ad spend. No, it

Matthias Miller  02:14
does not include the ad spend. Oh, okay, does but, but, but they don't have a they don't have additional for, like, if you spend more for ads, you know? Oh, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  02:20
yeah, percentage or per liter, whatever. That's fine, yeah.

Matthias Miller  02:25
So I think we just got to figure out what you want to make on it and what I need to make on it and see if anybody bites, unless. And we can also do a sell the first one at this price point and just bump it up by 100 each time until we get to I would price point.

Speaker 1  02:45
I really would. I think that's a great way to do it. Kim, let's start so many questions. Yes, so I do want you to ask the round table for their feedback or opinion on this. With flexibility in mind, I'm game, like I got to make something work so Beggars can't be teasers, and why not test the market and all that. No reason to start too low, but also no reason not to start low and work the way up. Work our way up. I think that's perfectly reasonable. If this some days, I wonder how much of a lunatic I am. Here's where I'm actually at in the real world. I need, I'm at super low web tied with my business, or worse, I really need about another $4,000 a month income just to, like, pay bills and make things actually happen at a bare minimum, and then I really need to get to 7500 to 10k a month like soon this by summer, let's say sooner would be a whole lot better. I do not need to be a millionaire tomorrow. Sure, $20,000 a month would be great. And actually, I want to get there, but like, there's no, I'm not on fire to do that like tomorrow. So what I'm trying to say is, if we really could get 1500 a month for those would get me a long way down the road. Does that make sense? Right? Three of them would greatly ease the pain and allow me to give quite sufficient focus to this and not be out chasing other things, you know, or by the same token, if that has to be, you know, two big handfuls of these at $500 a month, I can do that too, and I do have the capacity. So somehow, even while penny pinching, I've managed to hang on to my VA who's been with me for nearly a decade now. She and I, it's not gonna last much longer if I can't get some income in but she and I together can absolutely run a dozen or two dozen. And of these accounts, all the more so when it's the same thing, right, like it's right by and large, same keywords, same copy, same whatever. And then by the time we cross that line, well, you know, I'm assuming then we're talking about again, you know, must be at these prices, 15 to 20 grand a month coming in, then I can hire more people, which is what I've always done when I get to that juncture. Yeah. So there's no capacity or scale problem on either end, as long as I get some cash flow going. Yeah, yeah. And so now, do I want 100 of these for $97 a month, I don't think so. Twist my arm real hard and tell me how that works, and I will was I telling you I talked to a lot of people? Was I telling you the other day about how a business consultant was telling me a while back that pretty smart guy, really smart guy, that in the marketing space, the digital marketing space everybody's always looking for, how can I charge more? And in his opinion, we should all be asking the exact opposite, how can I charge less, which brings more people in the door and excludes more competitors without going broke, I can actually make it happen. So I am, I am open to a world in which we're charging people $97 a month and doing 10s of 1000s of them. I just don't know how to do that right now.

Matthias Miller  06:31
Yeah, no, I think it's the classic proposition versus price simplifier. And price simplifier is all about scale, yeah. And that's not really good for funding your startup,

Speaker 1  06:40
right? Exactly, yeah. And it's probably AI somewhere in the background, or tech or AI and

Matthias Miller  06:46
some kind of automation, whether it's you already have some with a VA human automation, but you also are going to end up with some kind of AI automation. And who knows what all AI on the back end, and I

Speaker 1  06:56
turn into Word stream for shed builders, yeah, something like it probably really do, by the way, I think it's actually a good idea, but yeah, so, um, the other bit, I do not want to infringe on your territory. You do not owe me a thing. Um, if it works in your view, for us to, like, build this, obviously, you're doing the lion's share of the work by a long shot. But if it works for you, for you and me, or you and me and Robert Posey or whoever, to like, build this group thing together and then share revenue off of that, including affiliate links or other offers we post, or experts we bring in and charge for a workshop or whatever, that'd be awesome. If you're feel able and willing to do that. I'm not imposing anything I do. I said this the other day, but one of the things I love about the whole approach that I think we're about to go down, is part of what we're doing is we're making people pay. We're getting paid to build a list, right? Makes sense? And then we can farm that list. I don't mean blow them away with spam, of course, but like farm the list and find out what they want, what works, and what they're willing to pay for with more offers, whether that's training or sales, consulting or software. I mean, if you, if you can get, let's say we grow this thing do if to 1000 people, you know, that's Andre chaperones, favorite little build a good, high quality business, and you don't need that many on the list. 1000 is always the benchmark for that kind of stuff. Out of the 1000, there's just got to be a few dozen that would sign up for GHL through your affiliate link. And so, you know, you we, you'll be pulling in whatever that comes out too. But, you know, couple $1,000 a month just from that alone

Matthias Miller  08:43
I get, I mean, with the SaaS mode, I get all the income. So, yeah, get everything. I

Speaker 1  08:50
think you're probably ahead of me in GHL. But then, because of the AI chat bot droid thing that I spent all year building that was all in GHL, that was kind of lead reactivation thing, the I'm used to it, we could offer that same thing, by the way, because that is literally what I did for Yoder there. Remember that you referred me over Yoder? We could offer that, and we could do it in a way that they're buying. THL, we get the affiliate commission, and then they pay us for the snapshot and a training workshop, or the tech or whatever, whatever works there. So, yeah, yeah. And

Matthias Miller  09:25
I think with SAS mode, you can put workflows behind closed doors, and maybe you can with what you were doing, I don't know, but where we could actually do it in their account. So anyway, can

Speaker 1  09:38
do to some extent. Yeah, yep. Okay, cool. Did you? Did you email or message? Josh Thomas,

Matthias Miller  09:48
yes, Audra sent a I made a full list with everything, all the issues. There's like a dozen, and she organized it and sent it off to him and Anna, okay, do.

Unknown Speaker  10:00
Cool, cool. Trying

Matthias Miller  10:05
to think if there's anything else that we were really talking about,

Unknown Speaker  10:13
anything else I can do to

Matthias Miller  10:18
facilitate you, I don't know, not at

Matthias Miller  10:31
the moment, I don't think,

Unknown Speaker  10:33
Okay, sounds

Matthias Miller  10:34
good. I quite hopeful. Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:36
I will keep checking in with you, Carsten. Last time I did this with Carsten, he got it fired up really fast, like, I, like, he told me a couple or three days, and he got it done a couple three days. So it sound like he was saying he can pretty much do this today, and he's probably not kidding. So,

Matthias Miller  10:53
yeah, set it eager to get it done. Yeah,

Speaker 1  10:57
yep. All right. All right. Awesome. Yep, thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai