Speaker 1  00:36
Good morning with us you're me? Yeah you're a little quiet muffled but I can hear you just any better yes that is I lost you

Unknown Speaker  01:07
back yet that was this that's good. Yeah. Okay

Unknown Speaker  01:19
mark how are you this morning?

Speaker 2  01:26
Pretty good. clicking on all cylinders are trying to how's your how's that all work is all finalized and squared away?

Speaker 1  01:43
No we we got all kinds of stuff we're chasing in the middle of it still so we're waiting for the definitely waiting for the dust to settle

Speaker 2  01:53
but it still looks like everything's going to go through and work out.

Speaker 1  01:58
Yeah so far so far it looks like it. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:04
Yeah, good

Speaker 2  02:13
so you should have gotten my agenda I just was there's four things that I Well, yeah, that I listed not sure if Drew is going to be on it on the day, but most likely not. He was I think he was doing a helping out with his dad. His dad hauls livestock and he was somewhere three, four hours away from home, that middle of nowhere, and the truck broke down last night. So yeah, in an unplanned event. But

Speaker 2  03:03
well, I listed four things there. And then I also have a hope to buy one have laid out details a little bit more on what's currently being done for employee pay was basically they're splitting pay both like to a savings in a banking account, both using a as a percentage, or a fixed amount. And I have all the stuff here, I just want to take some time and go through and see how they're calculating that. Are they calculating it? My guess they're doing the percentage based off of the net pay, but then we ran into some other interesting situations. I think it's pretty straightforward, but I just want to I should have that compiled and ready by the one today. So

Unknown Speaker  04:00
for whatever that's worth

Unknown Speaker  04:11
you still hear me okay.

Speaker 1  04:13
Yeah, I can. Yes, I can. Alright, so jumping into your list then. Oh, I guess one thing to note is the idea of salaried employees or owners who receive a production bonus. Do we have any such companies that we could start running through payrolls that we'd have a way to test that because it's got an unusual impact on work orders?

Speaker 2  04:52
Well, we're currently we are entering weekly we're entering I mean, we're entering, we are running all six companies currently, but repeat the criteria again.

Speaker 1  05:11
We have support for salaried employees or owners to be able to work in production and receive a production bonus and get deductions for work orders. And it's a little bit of an unusual situation because basically, we need to have a when we calculate they're, normally the work order gets taken out of their wage. And so there's not really any subtraction anywhere that's happening. But in this case, we need to, when we run payroll, we're going to need to, I guess, owners doesn't matter. Although we need to think through how that works. But especially for salaried employees where this is the case. We need to make sure that when we push this out to run payroll that we adjust their bonus for work orders, and it would be really nice to have an actual scenario where we do this

Unknown Speaker  06:13
if we're going to keep support, go ahead.

Unknown Speaker  06:20
So what you're wanting to test is somebody that's paid salary owner or employee paid salary in production, that's paid salary and has the button and have that salary be impacted by a work order as a reaction to their reaction? By lowering their salary, is that correct?

Speaker 1  06:48
That is That is correct. And yeah, that is that is correct.

Unknown Speaker  06:59
Well, we do not have do not have anybody like that currently. However, depending on how complex it is, I think it would be worth

Speaker 2  07:19
building for it. But so basically, if we have an if we have a salaried owner or employee that's getting 1500 a week, and there's a in production, and there's a work order for 200 hours. You basically need to break his 1500 down into hours. Wow, we need to, okay, this is simple math. But let's say he worked it out a work order. And he worked 40 hours. And they there were a total of five people in that pool, five times four to 200. So $1 an hour. So they all get docked $1 an hour. So

Unknown Speaker  08:11
the math would be 1500 minus 40 times one or minus $40. And we it's gross pay would be 1460. Is that my understanding correctly?

Speaker 1  08:24
Yeah. Yeah, I think I think so if that's how you want to. The main thing was, I wasn't sure exactly how we should handle it. But yes, that's correct. With the assumption that those 40 hours were spent in production?

Speaker 2  08:40
And would that be determined based on where he's out whether his hours are full hours or non full hours?

Speaker 1  08:50
Yeah, we've got a way, we've got a ways to track hours for several salaried employees for this very reason. And, yeah, it would be on the it'd be specified on the timecard, just like you would for any other employee.

Speaker 2  09:09
So we currently don't have anyone like that, but we could. I mean, are you saying that you believe it does work correctly, you just want to test and verify that it does what we think it should

Speaker 1  09:25
I wouldn't be anywhere close to that confident to say that it works correctly. I did this

Speaker 2  09:33
one of those things that do you want to chase it now? Or do we say let's put it on a list for future but because we don't have anybody like this? Currently, let's not be into it now. Or do you want to pursue it now?

Speaker 1  09:51
I don't particularly I mean, I I would prefer to I would prefer to Wait, I think maybe if we said, Okay, where's the can we get salaried with?

Speaker 1  10:26
Like we have, we have ones, ones where we say we do use time tracking. But we're not actually entering time cards for any of them that I'm seeing. So it would it would be avoided. We'll go ahead

Unknown Speaker  10:43
and who are

Speaker 1  10:45
Floyd Mola and Wayne Esch, which I mean, they would be sales. And so they're not going to be in production. So I don't understand why we need to have them set to use. No, they don't use time tracking, nevermind. So here's my proposal, I'll just add a warning. And if you have a salaried employee, who uses time tracking, possibly even a salaried owner, who uses time tracking, just add a warning saying that this is not supported and will probably do wrong things. And you shouldn't talk to that this needs to be tested before you are there. This needs to be something or other like basically don't, don't do this. And then we'll just add a warning against it.

Speaker 2  11:34
Does the same apply for the initial the reason for doing that was so that if a salaried person works in production, the equivalent amount can be taken out of the pool. So that the pool still remains. Right for the remaining hourly employees does does that part. That part is also nested.

Speaker 1  12:04
Wait, so do we act smarter society? Yeah, I mean, I think that part, that part should work fine. It's just when it comes to actually paying that person what we need to pay them. I'm not really confident that we'll do that correctly. And that will that will have the right. Especially, especially in regards to work orders.

Speaker 2  12:26
I see. Yeah. Because it's, I was thinking, Well, that's all kind of one in the same. But But no, we're saying we have black magic for figuring out how much what portion to take out of the pool so that the our employees don't get paid too much. But on the surface, we're still going to pay him $1,500 A week.

Speaker 1  12:48
Well, if if we don't pay a production bonus, or work orders deduction for salaried employees. Maybe that's the part I'm missing. If that's the case, then I think I think I think that's all I need.

Speaker 2  13:07
You we're broke, broken up there for the last minute or so.

Speaker 1  13:12
If we don't adjust pay with production bonus, or work orders for salaried employees working in production. I think we actually have everything that we need.

Unknown Speaker  13:26
If we don't adjust a

Unknown Speaker  13:33
shake if we don't adjust pay based on our employees, are you saying? repeat that one more time i

Speaker 1  13:42
Okay, if we preach if we pretend that the salaried employee is a team member, but still pay him $1,500 At the end of the week, and don't do anything special in terms of paying him it's still always a straight $1,500 payment, then I think we're pretty close to handling it the way that we should.

Speaker 2  14:05
Well, I mean, are we close enough that we should while we're deep weeds that we should just lock up a test and test it and? Oh, no,

Speaker 1  14:19
no, because Because until we actually have somebody who's doing this, I'm not convinced that we're confident that we know how we want it to work. So let me go back to my proposal. Let's add a warning against it. And whenever we actually have a real situation with a real person, then we'll know what we want to do and we'll make it work.

Unknown Speaker  14:41
Wise words?

Speaker 1  14:42
Okay, good. Thank you. That was kind of easy.

Speaker 1  14:52
Okay, so then jumping into your agenda.

Speaker 2  14:57
Let's drop down to three since we're talking The work hours and payroll module. I think this fits right with this. So this is these are the tests reports from whitetail run

Speaker 2  15:16
the question we had is, so work orders, you can enter a total cost for tracking that cost, and then you can determine I think by default, it makes the employee amount the same. Not sure on that. And, but you can you can overwrite that. If, say it was $1,000, you say, wow, you know, it was at the driver done a better job, it probably wouldn't have had. I don't know, you just say, because for whatever reason, you're just going to impact the employees with $500, then you have that you can do that, right?

Speaker 1  16:00
Yes. Totally. If you want. Okay. If you want. Let me let me share my screens that Ben can see this. And he knows what to do. But yeah, there is a there is a total cost that's independent of the amount that's deducted from employees. So if you want you can have been put in, you know, adjust that and one of your tests to go take a look at that works.

Speaker 2  16:32
Okay, well, I think that part is, I'm good with that. But we also have, this is something new, and I think you were I was I hadn't seen it the owner amount. How does like in this case, what we really want to do is set the employee amount to zero and the owner amount to 100. And that, is that what it's intended to do or how it's built to work?

Speaker 1  17:01
Like for this electrical problem? Yeah. I mean, I think so. So the employees, this is this is completely the owners fault. employees don't have to have to handle it. And then we yeah, that's, I mean, that's how we do it.

Speaker 2  17:23
Okay, and that. Okay. Well, Ben, if you could send me a test. I think I just want to share it with Aaron and keep it on file, just so we know. Because I think we're Yeah, we're changed the employee to zero the owner amount to 100. So sounds like that she's going to work that all good on that. Now. The question you brought up, whether we don't pay from because of a work order now. Okay, if these Okay, for this company, all employees are straight hourly, they're paid straight hourly. And for some reason, and I'm not sure why these employees are set to

Speaker 2  18:20
believe their their time is all listed as non pool, because they technically don't have a pool just because everyone's paid straight hourly. But what that does then is if we were to have a work order impact the employees then it has no impact on the employee. So my question is Can and we deduct work orders from hourly employees. A meaning if we have an hourly employee here, that's paid $25 an hour in the work or comes out to like $1 An hour deduction have that deduct $1 from his pay

Speaker 1  19:22
my guess is that we would have to turn turn them into pool employees have a 0% pool and see if it still gets deducted at that point. And see if we deduct people below their base

Speaker 2  19:37
why why would they? And I'm curious why were these not set as pool employees even if they're a straight hourly? No, I'm going to do we have few minutes let me three way Aaron in because he's probably going to know more details on how they at least how they got here.

Speaker 2  24:17
Sorry about that. I'm back finally. So just talking with her and trying to bring him up to speed I think we're so, okay if you take a look at whitetail run as they're set currently, like the the, I miss, I was wrong. They are placed from what we can see they are. Ours are recorded as full hours. They're set. They're pulled, their bonus percentage is zero. So, my question to you is with the way whitetail run is set up what would it take to make so that a work order impacts like the dogs from their hourly rate

Speaker 1  25:17
so basically what we're saying is that wages can drop below base wage if there are work orders

Unknown Speaker  25:31
yes

Speaker 1  25:33
I think what I would need is I mean what the ideal would be we would have a well, I mean this this payroll would be an example where you would want that to happen right? No

Speaker 2  25:53
Okay, we don't have a real life use case example but the what the test that Ben did or you did with the the email to you this morning, that shows the employee amount as $100 Yes that that that would be an example of what we would want to happen

Unknown Speaker  26:18
I can I can take a look at it and and see I don't think it's I think it's a ton of work but it Yeah, I think there are some places where we specifically it it

Speaker 2  26:39
well, I'm wondering if if you set like just like you said you set the pool to a 0% pool but do you set their bonus the individual employee bonuses to honor percent bonus rate that makes it that the work order then deduct from it

Speaker 1  27:09
Well, I mean but I kind of suspect that's that's how it's configured well either zero or blank. Let me let me take a look at it

Speaker 2  27:21
and don't spend a ton of time with if if you if we can use existing if you have to do any potential development let me find out if that is ever going to happen in the near future before we do development that's good. So okay, that takes care of but you'll look into that and then one of you will also sending the example of the where the owner amount goes 100 hours in the employee amount to zero Yes, Ben you can yep yep

Speaker 1  28:26
while we're on easy things number four is I while you were checking in with Aaron I quit cleaned up the last of the last of the historical transport deductions so that's good to go.

Unknown Speaker  28:45
Okay, so you just cleaned it up

Speaker 1  28:48
Shannon Shannon had done had done most of it I mean had done 95% She she could have the whole time cards and then I just cleaned up the old the actual old transport production payroll item okay. So yeah perfect number two when is Drew gonna be I mean we I was actually going to have Josh do that last night I completely forgot. Would you want that update tonight or tomorrow night?

Speaker 2  29:30
Well, what Okay, what does it affect if we, I still need to compile my information, which I should be able to get pretty quickly. So that Drew has information to enter but are we?

Speaker 2  29:50
What are we, if he waits to do that until the weekend or we sacrifice losing any testing? I guess

Speaker 1  30:01
Don't they don't know that we are I've tested it on my end. It's a fairly obvious mistake. And on my end where it was working, you know, the only the only consequence is Shannon is going to get these warnings about GL Account assignments for one more week, which she can ignore. In, in my opinion, and even. So I think it's, I would phrase this whole thing around your needs, when is Dru going to be ready to enter them? And let's get an update before them. And if he's not going to be ready before next week? Like I don't see a need to

Speaker 2  30:41
think he might, there's a good chance he'll be ready to start entering them. Friday, so okay, we could get an update, that would be great. All right. Sounds good. So you'll coordinate with Josh Allen. on that? Yes. Are you thinking of us playing Thursday night. Or just I'll just plan that it's live Friday, planned that

Unknown Speaker  31:12
it's live Friday, and I will need to make sure I remember. Or that we remember to get it done.

Speaker 1  31:35
gussto integration, I have three other payroll vendors that were recommended. I'm trying to get an initial call setup. With one of them today, that seems like it'd be pretty workable. Just to make sure we've got high level overview that it supports that we need to. And if that's the case, then I'd went in Drew and you probably to talk to them and talk to them or do a trial or something to make sure that you guys have what you need. So I don't know for sure if we'll be able to talk today or tomorrow. But sometime within the next few days, we should be able to get a conversation in and find out what pricing is I think pricing might actually be a little bit better than some of the others. But that depends a little bit on. On what kind of payroll add ons we're going to need to make it work so yeah. Pending. So Devin update by and the day to day or interview tomorrow?

Speaker 2  32:34
And are you looking at these others as potential better options than gusto? Are you saying Gus does a dead end? No go we we can't use gusto at all?

Speaker 1  32:50
Well, we could we could use gusto but it's going to, but not with full on automation. It's going to be manual entry. At some level

Speaker 2  33:07
assuming that most of these because of compliance issues, they're pretty. Some pieces are locked down pretty tight and might be pushing the borders of what most of these are willing to allow you to do. I don't know. Just like yeah, I'm rates every week.

Speaker 1  33:26
Maybe. But it's not unusual, where people have multiple jobs with different rates. And, yeah, I don't really see the difference between besides the fact that it makes it a whole lot easier. What is the difference between paying somebody in India $6 An hour or whatever it is to go do this payroll manually versus having an API automation to do it? So I don't I don't really understand why. I think it's more of a thing of they. They want to make sure the people who build the integrations know what they're doing, and they don't accidentally run bogus payrolls. And then they get caught needing to clean up the mess somehow. That's my that's, that's how I've looked at it, but I don't know, it might it might be a compliance issue as well.

Speaker 2  34:22
Okay, so you said you have three different companies you're looking at your as potential options, one of which you hope to talk to you today. Okay. Good. I mean, is there is there and we asked ourselves why five times like the Toyota people say like, why? Well, more? Are we sure that we're not we're looking something I mean, I think we think we really know what we want but are we are we overcome locating it by trying to do what we're what we're doing, like taking that information, taking gross pay information, getting the withholdings and then bringing it back in, is there

Unknown Speaker  35:20
are there better ways of

Speaker 2  35:28
family? One, one thought is I think this is a good option, but just using an actual arrow, serve as a firm people that basically do payroll accounting, where are you just very weak, you sent them to court that this is a gross pay calculations and everything you need go pay our people money, and charge whatever they charge a fee, obviously, for doing payroll, and then we pay them. I think there's companies that would they would that outsource their payroll, they just say, here are the timecard, Scopia, pay our people money. And then they would pay that to payroll service provider, you know, a lump sum of say 20,000 every week. That would include what gross pay, obviously, the gross pay, or if you break it down the employee net pay to play with holdings, the company

Unknown Speaker  36:48
wire taxes and their service fee for doing that. I don't know. I'm just brainstorming and I'm gonna make sure we don't overlook any options

Speaker 1  37:17
Well, I mean, the other option, yeah, we also the option on the table just keeping on with QuickBooks and

Speaker 1  37:35
I don't really know. I think it depends a little bit. How much are you wanting to keep some of this stuff in house? And how much do you want it outsourced?

Speaker 2  37:49
Well, if it makes sense to give it be done practically. Then I want to keep it in house just because it's

Unknown Speaker  38:02
gives you more control and you know where your all of your costs are. And you know, like the idea I really like. What I really liked about gussto was their how they handled the withholdings and the taxes stuff where it

Speaker 2  38:24
helps to keep our books much cleaner, rather than buying a lot and accruing liability account. Yeah, I mean, I would strongly favor doing a full on integration. Similar way we've planned to do with gusto. I think I guess what are the what would be the cons to that?

Speaker 1  38:56
The The only con i can think of is with gusto. I have got deep knowledge and know what it can do and don't do and I don't think it should be any issue with other vendors. But the main con is, I don't know, we just need to make sure that the payroll isn't really complicated. It's you've got salaried employees who get paid a fixed weekly amount. You've got hourly employees with fluctuating rates on a weekly basis. You've got bonuses, you've got commissions, potentially. And you've got deductions which can either be handled in their system or in our system, I think and and then you need them to handle filings and tax calculations. And we handle ACH and and enter check and I mean that to me Oh, yeah, there's a few special nuances, but it seems pretty straightforward doesn't seem like besides the fluctuating pay rates, like we're doing anything that's really unusual. So I don't really foresee any issues. But yeah.

Unknown Speaker  40:22
Okay, what is it with gusto that won't work for our application.

Speaker 1  40:31
They do not allow API integration. So if we, okay, if we use gussto, then somebody has to manually go in, select all the employees and go through select the pay period for each employee and and go through and enter the new hourly rate for each pay period when they do payroll.

Speaker 2  40:56
And the other companies you're talking to do have some type of API integration? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  41:03
Yeah, from from what I can tell, but I want to confirm

Speaker 2  41:09
Yeah. Good. Well, that's all I have. For now. Did you have anything for me?

Speaker 1  41:21
Um, I think that's, I think that's all I've got. Yes. Okay. Well, awesome.

Unknown Speaker  41:36
Sounds good. Thank you. You're welcome.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai