Unknown Speaker  00:46
How are you good? How are you doing good? Let me get my video on it just one second here. All right, I'm

Unknown Speaker  00:53
gonna grab the door of your wall. Do that? You?

Speaker 1  01:06
There we go. Here we go on vacation. I love it. That's my goal.

Speaker 2  01:16
That's fantastic. That's fantastic. Cool. So how you how you been

Unknown Speaker  01:23
how good? How about you?

Unknown Speaker  01:26
Yeah, been good.

Speaker 1  01:29
I've been enjoying your post very much. I always like some people who will be vulnerable and, you know, just be encouraging and uplifting and helping people. I really appreciate that good Well, thank

Unknown Speaker  01:46
you. Yeah, this last series has been especially the last post, the Post this morning I had to

Matthias Miller  01:54
face just a handful of, you know, inner demons, perhaps, and actually putting that out there, but, yeah, I appreciate it.

Speaker 1  02:06
It's really good because I don't I. That's one of the challenges I saw in the corporate world. In my experience, is people did know how to be vulnerable. We were always protecting ourselves so that we could portray this certain persona, and instead of being ourselves and being real, yeah, one of the girls I worked with years ago, she actually did a mental health like family leave or medical leave. Looks like my connections acting up a little bit. And I don't know what's going on, but she did that because she was just playing the part, you know, doing all the things she thought she needed to be doing. She was in sales, and, you know, it's a just so many more men that you know, as a woman you have to, you think you have to just do things differently and kind of over the top in order to kind of even come out close to the male experience. So it was just, it's heartbreaking to see, yeah,

Matthias Miller  03:15
it is, um, I have a cousin who just came through. Through her, what is it? Teenage reading, I think I'm not sure, multiple years of college and nursing, and she was pretty close to mental breakdown at the end of it, and she got on the job, and she's like, I I love it. I can be hands on. I can I learn by seeing and doing. And I had years of not being able or allowed to do that and fighting for my scores to to pass. And so it's a it's a big need. Not everybody recognizes it, not everybody's willing to pay the price to fix it, but it's a big issue for sure, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  04:13
yeah, definitely an interesting journey that we have to go through. And you know, I just my heart cries out for business in general, and that's why I always want to do my part to see, you know, what little bit Can I change? I can't change it all, but, yeah, so what do you have in mind? What's going on?

Matthias Miller  04:36
Alright, well, let me just give you a little context for my life as it's going and that might frame the conversation, I'm going to take

Speaker 1  04:44
some notes as we talk to perfect sounds good.

Matthias Miller  04:48
So beginning of the year, I sold off part of my business to my brother, and so that included a. Know, two full time team members and one part time team member. I'm down to a part time executive assistant and a part time personal assistant, which is the leanest I've run in a very long time. And, you know, long story, very short, I've been in a I was in, or am still in, a great mastermind, and topic kept coming up about not feeling aligned with with the with that part of the business, not not feeling aligned with my brother, where our vision is not being in sync. And ultimately, I was like, I mean, so at first we we actually played around with kind of, I don't know, can we find an accommodating partnership? And then finally, I was like, No, I just, I really need to get out. So it was a fairly emotionally difficult decision, but it was the right decision. And so in the meantime, I've been consulting, doing consulting in various forms. I've been I accidentally ended up in the shed world. Why? But we've got a regional, regional manufacturer that we built a custom ERP for. I think it's probably more advanced. I'm pretty actually, yeah, we're adding the last pieces of configuration, but we're I think it's safe to say it's more advanced than any of the retail products that are out there. And then a few years ago, I ended up running basically VP of Sales and Marketing for two of their two of their regions, and ran into some snags there. I ended up excusing myself from the engagement, and then a few months later, brought on a local client. These guys were willing to listen, willing to make the changes necessary, and within the first few months, we took them to the number one market position in the area, and I grabbed some screenshots. But there somebody posted one of the sales threads and like, how sales going for you guys? We're down. And like, folks are like, we're down. And one guy's like, I gotta there's 30 companies that I'm aware of that are down, and everybody's and a few, few people are saying, over up. And then the client posts are like, we've had two back to back record breaking months. Like, that's cool. So that's that's been fun.

Unknown Speaker  07:55
Why are they so successful? Do you think,

Matthias Miller  08:00
Well, I mean, some of it pragmatically, this is, this is the the pragmatic thing, that there's two things I would well, there's three things I would say. I would say, one is, I do, do find the owner. Is, there's a kingdom, Kingdom mindedness. And with that, I've consistently seen ego and other things planned when that's, you know, it's kind of like you can either have

Speaker 2  08:31
you can either have humility, or you can have ego. And humility usually is more fruitful.

Matthias Miller  08:41
So it's a characteristic, practically speaking, we fixed their well, the number one thing we changed was we put in an aggressive appointment setting process and just got people on the phone. Secondarily to that, we put some KPIs in place, monitored sales team performance. One of the sales guys was on a roller coaster. Didn't know it brought some visibility to that, accountability to that. Some of the guys took some basic sales training, kind of the actually, not. I don't know that any of it was paid, but they went into some of German Jeremy miner stuff, and also worked on optimizing their their lead flow, which is also work in progress. There's some gaps in the marketing that we're working to fill, but the, the stop thinking they don't want to talk to you and think that they're busy and call them like a debt collector was probably the biggest needle mover for them. So we're exploring switching. I mean. It's pretty packing or it's it's not exactly sustainable, especially during the busy season. So we're looking at ways to first step is power dialer. Second step is potentially AI appointment setting, but, and there's other ways to do appointment setting and nurture but that's it in a nutshell. The other major thing, I would say, too, has just been helping with culture,

Matthias Miller  10:35
and there's been a constant Let's see 135 30 Eastern. 332, 33 I'm sorry. I've got a text I'm trying to schedule.

Speaker 2  10:53
Sorry about this. This is a guide. I'm trying to I

Matthias Miller  11:19
so there's kind of this classic sales guys are just the they're the Divas. They're emotional needy, like they should just suck it up and deal with it. And it's like the ops guys aren't doing their job. They should go whatever. So playing the middle guy, typical, typical. So just playing the mediator, and it's like, no, here's the boundaries. If you give them a promise delivery date, you need to stand by that, and if you can't, you need to tell them that, and you have to back them. And yes, mistakes happen, situations get cleaned up, but let's go put process in place to make sure this stuff that doesn't keep happening. And I mean, to me, this is, like, it took a little bit of persuasion to say, Hey, we should have a like, let's just have a weekly stand up on where production is at and whether we're hitting our deadline dates. Like, we don't need like, let's just fix it when it should. Like, No, put it in place. It won't happen again. You can stay on top of it and like that, 15 minutes will say how much of it's gonna save the salespeople from underselling. It's gonna save you guys from needing to dive in and problem solve. So, you know, to me, it seems like such a simple, basic thing, but it's been a bit of a shift there. They're also, I'm not super involved with this. They're also looking at other ways of, you know, a monthly company wide meeting to help help bridge some of the gaps between, you know, sales and production. So

Speaker 1  12:49
that's so important, you know, it just comes down to communication, right? And we're all on the same team again. If we don't realize that we're all in the same team, we're, we're at a deficit already.

Matthias Miller  12:59
Yeah, very true, very true. And there's so much to you mentioned earlier about self self protection, which is getting dangerously philosophical, perhaps, but especially you know, the heels of what it posted this morning I Stephanie introduced me to fantastic therapist, consultant, spiritual mentor, I don't know what you call one of those people who doesn't have good labels. And so, and we've been talking a lot about the basic premise of self protection versus self disclosure, and there's a lot of that that this comes down to self disclosing, listening, being heard, which is just all forms of communication. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  13:59
right, so what's next on your for you, like, what's on your plate? What do you want to what do you want to go do?

Matthias Miller  14:07
Also with this, too, there's been this shift from, do I really want to be a consultant? And, you know, held back from specifically, specific ownership for various reasons. I've held back from getting investment money to start my own thing, you know, willing to help Dave go hunt down some investment money. But, I mean, do I want to do the same thing? Why or why not? I'm not completely clear on that. To be completely honest, if I, if I allow myself to be completely free, I just, I shot over a whole bunch of ideas like, these are things that I'm like, right? There is definite opportunity. I mean, add another one into the mix. Go partner with trade schools. I've got a colleague who does percentage based marketing. What's the percentage? Marketing for construction companies, and get his foot in the door and grow and go with them. And that's a great opportunity to like, there's so much opportunity in the trades for this type of, you know, up leveling sales, up leveling marketing up, loving ops, admin, uh,

Speaker 1  15:26
uh, are you talking little trades people or medium, big size? Like, what are you thinking in that? Like,

Matthias Miller  15:33
so, well, okay, so companies I the companies I've enjoyed working with the most have been in the low seven figures, up to, like, maybe 30 to 40. So from a from a consulting standpoint, if it is in the trades, I mean, yeah, just as the example, like, let's take sheds. Still seems to me like somebody is going to build out a front end national sales and marketing company that integrates with builders and and takes some kind of national market with it, I believe, um, so throw that into the mix of things that I've played around with. Do some do some market research. Find, find the best market opportunities and and maybe it's not even that. Maybe it's just go find 10 great locations across the US, the 10 best locations across the US, and just go make your money off of those. Forget going national, like just build a nice little cash cow from those locations, from the trade stuff. It's an interesting opportunity. You know, there's a question of whether there's enough, whether I have the patience. I don't typically have patience for I've got patience for long, big deals. I don't have patience for lots of small little deals. So the trade scene is something I would love to see happen, but not something I'm going can't be heavily involved in making happen, because I'm gonna get bored.

Unknown Speaker  17:31
I get it.

Matthias Miller  17:36
You know, I've also been playing around with this is a little bit, you know, I mentioned dashboards. I mean, I've, well, yeah, I've, I've, I think this might also be a wrong person for the job, but, you know, I tend to think so much in principles and and such that sometimes

Matthias Miller  18:11
I think it'd be better to have somebody else. You know, the way that I think about it is, sorry, let me. Let me break this down so, big directional pieces, okay, three potential or a few potential avenues. Number one, go build your own company. I'm not actually sure if I'm excited about that by becoming open, about Open, open to that option. Number two is some kind of I hesitate to use this because it feels, I don't know, there's something not quite right about it, but like the kingdom equity fund type of an idea, and it's not, I don't exactly like the way the kingdom Kingdom terminology is used in business sometimes, but it's the values driven, you know, the values driven the artistic bent of business, business for the sake of What we're creating, with monetary competition coming secondarily to that, but coming because it's important like this. So basically what it is would be an equity group that shares the culture that I want to create, ultimately. And then, you know, then there's also the idea of just continuing do consulting. So go build dash. I mean, like, if you want to pick an industry, go, go help shed companies fix their sales teams. Go build dashboards for them, whatever the glitzy thing is, it gets me in the door and then figure out if they want to, want to grow from there or not. And. Um, and there's also the possibility to which there's a few contacts that I had in the mix, where between the current shed owner, there's another company that I'm in communication with, where it might might end up being more of a go find an investor with aligned values and go build alongside them, and just let that be the long term relationship. So

Speaker 1  20:31
there's lots of shed companies near me. I am. I'm in Southeast Pennsylvania. So I'm not far from Lancaster area, where there are zillions of shed companies. Yeah. So if you ever need anything there, let me know.

Unknown Speaker  20:54
Well, I mean, it's interesting.

Matthias Miller  21:02
I wonder, like, let's say we wanted to

Matthias Miller  21:16
the amount of lift required to get you know, many of these are not non technical. So if you were to do use that, that geography is nice because it's non competitive with the the ERP client, they've not yet decided they wanted to move into Pennsylvania, and I don't really see that happening.

Matthias Miller  22:01
So then the question is, if what do I really, really want? Would I rather consult with those companies remotely and hope for some measure of success? But if I really want to guarantee success, I think, or the highest likelihood of success, it really comes down to, let's go front and start a shared company with a Pennsylvania brand and and find some basic designs that can be, you know, in build out accountability with builders. And you know, you can always start with freelance haulers to start with logistically.

Speaker 1  22:49
So what was happening with your friend that sent me the business plan? What do you see that direction of you and him going?

Matthias Miller  22:59
Well, I think you still get a lot of head trash, to be completely honest, and I don't see him. So I don't know if this is an accurate assessment, but I feel like the last two years, I've more than doubled down on that, and I know I've got a lot of stuff that's, you know, I'm not about to stop, but increasingly, I see folks, some of the folks that I've been hanging out with, and I'm like, I think they think they've dealt with it, or they or they are dealing with it to the best of their ability, at the pace that they're at, but I

Matthias Miller  23:48
started asking myself the question, why I need him to be involved? I don't

Unknown Speaker  23:58
know if that makes an answer.

Matthias Miller  24:00
Well, I mean, no, ultimately what happened was, you know, somebody raised the topic, I forget who it was, somebody raised the topic of getting funding or financing. And immediately I was like, Well, okay, first of all, there were the clues. And like, you're seeing the head trash in them, and you see exactly the fact that the people who have the boldness to go do it aren't doing it well, the people who know how to do it well are holding themselves back. And there was a little bit of this mirror moment of like, okay, wait, like, what I'm seeing in others, I'm seeing in myself, so but then secondarily, there was a conversation that I had with somebody around funding or financing. Actually, it was, yeah, it was a chat conversation with a friend of mine, and all of a sudden it was like, Bill, here are three things that you believe about money and funding that that are keeping you from from doing that, from moving forward with this.

Matthias Miller  24:59
So that. Yes And yeah, I think, I think a lot of it, there's some of it came down to genuine desire. Hey, I want to help people. I want to see them succeed. Some of it came from a lack of or comes from a lack of confidence. Some of it comes down to, I

Matthias Miller  25:28
I've never, you know, in my, in my prior business, it was highly technical. We didn't, I didn't have any highly experienced people on my team, or a way to get highly experienced people on my team because of the extremely niche tool set we were using. So there was no real operations person who could carry the weight that a typical ops person would carry. So there's, there has been a little bit of hesitancy of you know what happens when the weight all falls back on my shoulders and,

Speaker 1  26:07
yeah, that's good. I mean, you need to know what roles you need to fill,

Unknown Speaker  26:13
right, correct,

Unknown Speaker  26:16
because you can't do it all. Nope. I

Speaker 1  26:29
So do you know what you want to do next, where you want to go? Do you have anything like you're feeling any any kind of movement on at this point. I mean, you don't have to have all the answers, obviously, but I kind of look for you know, what? What do I what's in my hand? What can I make movement on now? What parts are in play? What? What's available to me? Now, that's my approach. Yeah, there's

Matthias Miller  27:01
a, I mean, there's a, there's another client, another shared client that they acquired, a local competitor to the client I'm working with now. But they're looking for help on their systems, on the system side, not specifically. They haven't specifically asked, been asking about sales and marketing, even though I'm confident that stuff is pretty broken. And so, you know, one of the things that's on the table is going on site with them and helping train one of their team members to on this whole thing of systems for them. I

Matthias Miller  27:50
i do have a contact who

Matthias Miller  28:01
is played a different kind of a different side of the mom and pop, private equity roll up type of type of things that I'm planning to have a conversation with in the Next whenever I can make the time and connect i

Matthias Miller  28:27
and, you know, there have been a few folks showing up here and there For some, some other consulting. But it's, it's, increasingly, I

Matthias Miller  28:50
Yeah, there you go. I mean, I've been and I've been actively producing content, actively networking with folks. I but even some of that stuff, especially the networking, is pretty difficult without a clearer direction of where it is exactly they want to go.

Speaker 1  29:20
Well, definitely business consulting can help with that. I mean, could be the direction there. You know, I just think, like even something that Andy did years ago where he had a group of business people come in, and we did a very small come at them from every way possible, and just bless them and listen to them and be a safe place for them. And that's one of the things I think I said to you on one of the posts, is that you would be really good at because you. You just, you provide your own you share your own vulnerability and process and like, like we were saying at the beginning that people just don't do that in the world, in the in the business world, so providing that safe place for them to do that, that's just so powerful and just something people cry out for.

Matthias Miller  30:26
I would love that I've had. I fairly regularly have people disclose stuff to me that they don't disclose to anybody else. There's quite a few things that I get that's like, fast to stay here.

Unknown Speaker  30:45
Is that type of thing fulfilling to you?

Matthias Miller  30:49
Yeah, so, so for me, there's this shared space. Oh, goodness. How do I wrap around it? There's something about the live experience of getting people okay. So the favorite thing that I loved about preaching, when that was an active part of my life, was the process of taking people from where, wherever they were, emotionally and spiritually, and leading them into, not only into well into presence, but also into the emotions that come with that, the peace, the joy, the love, the hope that the like, let's get you into a more subtle filled space. And you know, I can, I can pick that up in a room. And, you know, finding that, for me, it was, again, very specific process, but like just getting face to face with God, hearing, hearing from him, taking, turning it into what I thought was a simple message. Turned out, you know, other folks think that I'm, I'm pretty deep, which perhaps I am, but, you know, trying to communicate it as simply and clearly as possible, of what God's heart is. And so there's this, this minor like preparation component, but there's also this live component to it that I find incredibly fulfilling. The unqualified post came out of an evening of kind of worship and ministry that we had with our BBs staff. And I woke up with a post, and I looked at it, and I was like, That's not one post, it's six, or however many. And I just started writing out stories and and I haven't I have the endgame of where I want to go with this. So that's really fulfilling to me. But there's also this thing that's really fulfilling, which is, I don't know how to describe it, I can give you examples of it. So the client opened up the conversation. He's like, Well, this is kind of outside of scope, but we have this issue with our hauler. We want to replace him. We've had conversations with him, but we didn't want to spend money on it now. And so, I mean, there's this instinctive reaction where it's like, I know you guys need to replace him. Y'all are scared of doing it. But then there's also the okay, there's the instinct, but let's go into the analytics side as well, and like, have you had the conversations with him? What does that look like? What does it look like, what's the cash investment to replace him? Can you cash flow that? What's the cash flow payoff you have? You considered having your own transport company as a separate entity, and all of a sudden, you know, this guy's like, minority partner, and he's like, Hey, I could, I've got enough equity in my house. I could finance it, and I could start building my equity, as you know, in the transport, transport LLC. And, you know, at first it sounded like they were going to have, like, a six month payoff. And I'm like, guys, like, what are you thinking? Like, why aren't you doing we didn't you do this yesterday? And then it's like, to your payoff. But either way, you can, you can cash flow it, and it's, it's and you can improve the customer experience. And you can get, can gain control over this thing that you haven't been able to control before. Why would you not do it? And so part of this was just, it's a very fulfilling part of my So that's example A. Example B is like, you know, monthly checking in with these guys, and it's like, okay, where are we at? Save the union. Where's the constraint within that constraint was the number one thing to fix here is our focus. Like, let's beat down all distractions. This is the thing that we need to focus on, and let's move this needle so that and then continuing to reevaluate. And I think I mean that. So there's the I love understanding people, what makes people tick, but I also do that sometimes there's a spiritual, intuitive component, but there's also a very strong analytical component as well, and I love being able to use both, like my thought for you with your all your opportunities is, well, what are the things that are important to. To Barb like, well, there's culture, there's there's challenge, there's, you know, how intellectually stimulating is an example of that. And you know, and then, you know, fill in the blank, what are the criteria and and you can turn this into a decision making matrix. And like, well, I could do, I could do rev ops consulting. I could do, you know, I don't know something in finance. I could do, fill in the blank, whatever the things are, and, and here's this particular client who needs their employer, who needs this. Here's the particular, you know, fill in the blank and, and you can score and multiply the answers. And there's one that's going to stand out the best. And which one, which one do I feel the most life or movement on Where's Holy Spirit leading you? Put that in like that's a factor in your decision making. And, you know, I know it's weird that my brain has to be that analytical about it's not always healthy. It's something it's, you know, quite a few times when it's overextended, but there's this interplay of liking to move people towards practical solutions. It's

Speaker 1  36:12
interesting because I'm in part of a job search accountability group right now, and we're working on our elevator pitch as well. And I just feel that's, I just felt really something on that moving people to practical solutions. Boy, that's, it's it in a lot in a nutshell. Yes, behind that, that's really awesome. Okay, so there's

Speaker 1  36:45
well. And what I see too is that you're you combine the practical business experience knowledge with the kingdom spirit, whatever you want to call it, that works for business people,

Unknown Speaker  37:02
and that's a blend that a lot of people don't get. That's a as we used to say at Bethel, the Holy Spirit is our competitive advantage.

Speaker 2  37:16
It's true. Yeah.

Speaker 1  37:27
All right, so you talked about maybe us doing something together. Well, let me go back. You said moving people to practical solutions. Were you finished with that? Thought? I just had to pause on that for a second because it felt really weighty.

Matthias Miller  37:40
No, yeah, I think so. I mean, I could never be just a therapist. I could never just be the, I mean, just the spiritual guy, and there are times when I even question, really, like, I mean, for me, Holy Spirit shows up. I Goodness like sometimes it's it's even hard for me to sometimes have a label for how he shows up outside of just the practical solutions, because that's just how it intertwined it is in how he works with me, I think so, yeah, I think that captures it. There's a little bit of a challenge of, like, I mean, this looks interesting, like, I like this, and yet, you know, I don't know if this is my vision or not. I don't know if this is sometimes I feel I can see so much possibility sometimes that it's paralyzing.

Unknown Speaker  38:50
I understand that,

Matthias Miller  38:57
yeah, from an emerging market standpoint as well. I think, you know, there's two ways to to embrace AI, just as an example. There's the let's find ways to utilize it, which I think is awesome, and there's the let's go find the things that it will never be able to do, and that its presence will create a vacuum of and and I think what you're describing right here is this thing. So here's how I would think about it, with this group of people or with this safe space stuff I've, I've consistently been my own worst salesperson. And I feel like I feel pretty strongly that for me to really gain momentum with some of these things, I need a salesperson who's willing and able to find a specific lane and a way of articulating who I am that gets people in the door and then. And and then who I am will naturally respond to that need, and it can expand to whatever else it needs to be. But piloting some of these things could be interesting for sure, see where it goes

Unknown Speaker  40:18
for sure. Sounds like a lot of fun,

Speaker 1  40:29
well, and I think as you talk about your your own worst salesperson, I kind of relate that to what I'm going through with a job search right now, because I have to be my own best salesperson as I go through this. And I realized just a couple weeks ago, I've been in the job search, kind of quasi in the job search, for probably a year or so, really, and it just dawned on me that I never really had to do a job search, at least not probably in the last 25 years, maybe somewhere along that line. And the reason why was I was active in the field, and went from job to job to job, and the only time I needed was a resume, was when they were had already extended the offer, and it was just a technicality, so they didn't care what it looked like, and I was selling myself, because I was doing the work, and they saw me working, so they had a live reference there. And now I'm having to be my own best salesperson, and I am my own worst salesperson, partly because I haven't taken the time to to really get familiar with who I am and what I'm really doing. I just do it, yeah, and now I have to go, Well, who, who am I? What? What is important? What am I really good at? Because when you're good at things, you don't know you're good at things, you don't know they're hard for other people. You just know that they are, like, really simple, like, creating Excel spreadsheets. People think they're, you know, incredibly difficult. And I'm like, Well, I do that. I want to play around, you know, like, just fun, and people don't understand that, you know, and I get that, and they have other strengths, but so it's really interesting. I think it's, you know about knowing ourselves and when we understand how God has wired us, and you know what things interest us, then we'll get to that place where we're better about that, you know, because then it's not about us, it's about how he's gifted us and how we're wired and our purpose and what we bring to the world. That's what I'm going through for myself. So I'm hoping that's what comes out of this. So it's way more than a job search for me right now. It's understanding and learning and realizing what value I bring right also is helping squash a whole lot of garbage. I was taught in the past that I'm not worth anything, so like give that thought a punch in the face, you know, exactly, wash that thing.

Matthias Miller  43:28
One of the best things, best pieces of advice I got a year ago, and one of my, one of my from one of my mentors, was he said, What if you stopped, if you gave yourself permission not to use a sorry, an elevator pitch for the next 30 days, and He only told stories instead. Yeah, and it's been a dramatic shift in my marketing. So I don't, yeah, I have a tagline. It's not even really accurate anymore, but I have it. Sometimes people reach out to it because they like it. But, you know, whatever. But increasingly, it's a, and I've kind of drifted away from this the last few weeks, but it's a, here's a client conversation. I've been consulting with a client on like, here's a story like, this is a window into me at work. This is what it looks like, and it helps to it's helped me to say I can actually communicate who I am without needing to put everything neatly into a box and some pictures a, a, not non creative, non what I don't know What the opposite of polymath is, but like the single lane, people find it very easy to find labels that fit them. Creatives don't, and they're much more diverse, much broader spectrum. And I think I. I think it's a I don't know I'm looking at writing a book, partially because, partially because I have a compulsion to create, but also because I'm not convinced that a value proposition is articulated in a is always articulating a single sentence. So some thoughts,

Unknown Speaker  45:31
oh, I'm excited for you.

Matthias Miller  45:42
All right, so if I said to came to you and said, Little side note, this is my latest position in my office, hadn't showed up on social media yet. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  45:50
nice.

Matthias Miller  45:54
If I came to you and said, I want to have a group of four, maybe six folks. Well, let me back up with what you're suggesting. Oh, no, you mentioned, yeah, the group of business people. If I wanted to have a group of four, maybe six people like that, and I wanted to pilot that, and let's go. Let's go figure what out, whatever it takes. Like, where do we need to go to fund people? Is it local? Is it folks in my network? Is it folks in yours? Are there other people we should be talking to? You know, other networks we can be talking to fill in the blank, where, where they would ideally. I'm not looking to travel. I love doing things in person. I know it's market backwards right now virtual events and it's it's some evaluations more difficult than virtual but, well, maybe it is that, maybe it isn't that, maybe it is virtual. I don't know what it needs to look like. What does it need to look like? Can we get a zero to one pilot and by whatever means necessary? And that could be a that could be, just run it as a project, and let's go see what that looks like. Or,

Matthias Miller  47:36
I mean, it could also look like, I'm not quite sure if I'm quite there yet, but it could also look like, hey, let's build out a business plan for what a Pennsylvania branded retail shed company would look like. Is there anything here where you're like, Man, if I like it. I feel like there's something here or or Matthias, you're tripping over money, because this is so obvious. Like, it could be so easy to just go do this. Like, why don't you?

Speaker 1  48:18
Well, initially, my thought is, because of what I know about you, and that's only been through like one other conversation with you and seeing you online, the impact, the higher impact that I see for you right now is to invest into these business people. Yeah, I just think there's so much that you have to give to them to make a difference, like the ripple effect will be, I and you could do both things, obviously, and you will, because the business people like, what if you did that quarterly, you know, and you did cycled it either in the same group of people or a different group of people, or started it off with these people. I remember one of the guys in reading, he would, we would get together for a local training, and then our group would meet together for eight weeks after that. So what if those guys did the same thing. They met together, you know, every now and then, or something. So,

Unknown Speaker  49:26
yeah, I could help you with that. I could help you with either of them. But I think I don't know. I just feel, I just feel like you need to give away. You. To other business people in that manner, I just think there's a lot, a lot of weight on that one.

Matthias Miller  49:56
Well, you don't know this, but the culmination of my unqualified series is. Is getting to the end where it's like, basically, screw it like, I'm not here to hold the cards close to my chest. I'm not here to like, I love Shay bien's analogy or terminology for distribution center. We are distribution centers. And sometimes, sometimes we take things out of our distribution center and send it to another location. Sometimes other locations send it here, the company, the kingdom, make sure that our needs are met according to what we need. But we are not, but we are distribution centers, and that analogy resonates with me very deeply. And I feel like when I sat down and wrote that pose, there was such a way of undone, like I tried so hard to do it on my own, and just the even the ideas that I shared with you, I'm like, I can't, like, I can't do that. Like, there's so little of that that I actually have capacity to do. I need funding. I need people. I need, like, whatever I would need, all that stuff. And I

Unknown Speaker  51:28
so help is a very broad term. Um,

Matthias Miller  51:48
what if we would meet up next week and see if we can could bring some definition to what that word would actually mean is that, in the context of meeting with the business people, yeah, sure, I

Matthias Miller  52:35
You said, Is your schedule consistent next week with what it was?

Speaker 1  52:41
No, no, I'm working a retail job right now, and it's not there's no consistency to it at all. I am off on Monday. That's the most flexible day. But other than that, I'm looks like I'm done around two o'clock on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, so I could meet 230 or so.

Unknown Speaker  53:13
What if we did? I

Matthias Miller  53:25
do you mind what your evening plans are? End of my day closer to five on Tuesday.

Unknown Speaker  53:38
Let me just confirm i

Unknown Speaker  53:50
Yeah, that's fine, okay, I'm sending you in my right now. Cool. Well, fantastic,

Unknown Speaker  54:08
as with most of my life, I don't know, but we're gonna find out.

Unknown Speaker  54:14
You know, I think that's a great place to be.

Unknown Speaker  54:18
It's uncomfortable. It's

Speaker 1  54:22
not it's not acceptable to people. Where else would you rather be, you know? And I've had to fight that too, even with my job search and stuff, I'm like, I came off of a six figure job and I'm making $13 an hour. And I'm like, Okay, this is curious. I have learned a lot while I've been there. And I'm like, I have never done retail before, so let me try this out. At least I'll get money to cover my bills, and, you know, we'll see where we go from there. But like, who go figure that I. Would work retail like any other time, I would have been like, there's no way I'm going to do that. There's no way I'm going to work for $13 an hour. Are you kidding me? And Lord, just said, go for it. And I'm like, Alright, I'm in. If you're in, you know, if you're not going with me, I'm not going, Yeah, but if he's going to be there, I'll go all day every day. I don't care what it is, yeah. Anyway, that's good. Good. I used to be one that had to know every little detail like and if we make plans, and you change plans on me, I would freak out. That was probably just 2520 years ago, maybe somewhere thereabouts. God loves us so much to change us. Oh, my gosh, I love it, yeah.

Matthias Miller  55:57
Well, walking with Him gets easier when you let go of that. That's for sure. Yeah, understatement, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  56:06
So I am looking forward to this next Conversations to see what help means. And, you know, I really want to look at who's responding to your posts too, and see what they say about that, like, because those are going to be the people I think,

Matthias Miller  56:25
well, and there's a shocking number of people who, I mean, out of the wood, you know, friends. I know they're friends. I know we connect like that, like shared values, like all the stuff, but engage with my post. Nope, private messages, conversations, offline. And I know, even with, you know, I know what these things was like, there's a whole you're familiar enough with. You know how the mission internet world works. There's a whole back channel conversation that's going on right now about the things that I'm posting, not privy to it. Don't know what it is, don't really care, but you know, it's there. So anyway, that's rambly, but there's a lot of those folks who who who resonate with it but aren't responding to it. So

Speaker 1  57:22
yeah, not yet. Anyway, are they responding to it? Maybe in a way you don't, they don't share with you yet, but you know it's hitting their hearts. You know it's hitting them to the core. It's sharing freedom that they don't understand. Maybe, yeah, and that can be threatening, scary.

Unknown Speaker  57:45
Yep, cool. I got a drop.

Unknown Speaker  57:48
All right, good talking to you.

Speaker 2  57:50
I'll talk Tuesday and Tuesday. Can't wait see you

Unknown Speaker  57:54
then bye, bye. Yep.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai