Unknown Speaker  00:31
Hey, Dan, hey, Matthias, how are you?

Matthias Miller  00:33
I'm well, how are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:35
Things are good, lot of momentum,

Speaker 1  00:37
lot of growth. Got our book momentum going. So, all good, awesome.

Matthias Miller  00:42
I was wondering how the lunch is going.

Speaker 1  00:45
Yeah, steady, as we go, got some good people that have promoted from Brian Kurtz, Jay Abraham, Perry, you know, it's been pretty cool. So very grateful for that. And then we get, you know, we got ads running, and it's, you know, hit. It's in the benchmarks of things. So now we're working on optimizer. We're going to start split testing to see if we can't beat what we have now is the control and do even better. So,

Matthias Miller  01:11
yeah, awesome, yeah.

Speaker 1  01:13
What? So what's what's happening with you? I know we only have, like, 15 minutes, so I want to make the focus about you. It sounded like you wanted to just share some distinctions or something with your offer and your what you're doing. And, you know, I think it was to just get my feedback or something. I forget exactly, but

Matthias Miller  01:30
yeah, I mean, I think the original idea was perhaps, you know, seeing if the story that I shared is something that might be of interest to your audience. You know, probably the biggest concern that I have is, I'm not looking to if it encroaches too much into the marketing space that don't really see a point in, you know, taking away from your core offer. And so I think that was the basic frame of the conversation, if, if that story of taking a client to market leadership with with this growth is of interest to would be of interest to your audience or not?

Speaker 1  02:08
Yeah. I mean, I think a way to go about it, you know, I've had lots of experts, Matthias on, you know, our show and podcasts and, you know, different things like that. So I think what would be just a natural, you know, way to go about it is, we record an interview, you know, do like a 30 minute interview, get that on the books, and then, you know, we, you know, promote it. You promote it. We promote it. And it, you know, just amplifies you. And you know what you're doing in a cool, cool, unique way, yep. So in, you know, and then, you know, people will, you know, kind of find their way to it, if you will, yeah. I mean, you know how that works. But it also gives you another, you know, really good marketing asset. You can put it on YouTube. You can, you know, cut it up into, you know, shorts, you know, just depending on what you, you know, what you want to do with it. There's a lot of things that can be done with it. So, yeah, totally, yeah. So, how about we start there? I think that's a good, you know, area. And then when, like, like, some of the things I do, and it may fit for this, Matthias, it may not, sometimes, like, when I am making introductions for, you know, people to work with, somebody especially, you know, I'll call it higher level, higher value stuff. There's rev share, you know, in something like that for the introduction, right? Yep, kind of similar to what Kevin, you know, has in place for, you know, thing in its own way, right? And every everything's a little bit different, you know, because it's, you know, in part based like, like, people have come to me and go, up, can I get 50% of what I you know, or any introduct, and I'm like, no, no, no, you can't, not even close, because, yeah, we're actually doing execution, which means manual labor, which means there's a lot of labor costs. But are we willing to share it, and are we willing to share it over time, consistently, as long as they're a living, breathing, active client, yes, the answer is yet. So if you're, if someone's interested in, like, their $200 commission versus what could be, you know, 2500 over a period of time, right? They're probably not the right person anyway, right? So, so, but we, you know, we collaborate, you know. So I don't expect you to have an answer, and I know we're both, you're short on time. So, you know, think about that for your offer. If you know someone through us had come to you, you know what that might look like in a rev share, and then vice versa. If you meet people that are looking to tune in there, you know, essentially, get their marketing execution managed, right? We can fix that. A lot of people have a lot of marketing theory, a lot of marketing things they want to do, but are not doing. We just help execute, right? So we got the whole team to help support that, you know, like, like, you've likely, I think, heard so, you know. So we're, we're happy to do that, too. Yeah. Yep,

Matthias Miller  05:00
I think it makes sense. I think, yeah, I think, and I think podcasts are good play for me, and there been a few things that have come on my radar recently. And like, I think it's a good opportunity to do more of that.

Speaker 1  05:13
And yeah, I would recommend it at the stage you seem to be at. And, you know, again, it's, you know, there's, there's business building, and then there's asset building, yep, and then there's both, right? So, like, doing podcasts and webinars, and, you know, where you can, like, even me doing this, this, these interviews and podcasts. And, I mean, I've been doing, I was doing podcasts, Matthias pre podcast. I was, you know, I had a radio show. I went and bought the airtime, and then I ran my show, because I knew the value and a podcast is kind of similar. I'm actually getting ready to look into again after the election, doing that on TV now, because you, you know, you buy the airtime, I can buy a 30 minute slot on TV and then just run some interviews, and no one like, it's a, it's a positioning tool. And, you know, there's a coolness factor. Like, if I say, hey, why don't you come on my TV show that's airing in Phoenix, and we're scaling it to other marketplaces. Oh, is it an online like YouTube? No, well, we'll put it on you. But no, it's, it's on TV here in Phoenix. Yeah, totally, right. It's just a, you know, so, you know, keep that in mind. And wherever you're at, you might look into your local cable station and talk to the local provider of advertising and say, Hey, can I buy airtime on, you know, late night remnant space, a 30 minute slot, right? And, you know, so you can find a local, local channel, usually, that you can do that with, yep, I I'm in the conversations right now. We're literally, for less than $150 per 30 minutes. I can get a

Unknown Speaker  06:54
on the earth. That's awesome. Yeah, and

Speaker 1  06:56
Phoenix, and Phoenix is, like, one of the fastest growing, you know, states in the country. So yeah, and then the it's Cox media, which Cox is pretty good nationwide. So I got the ability to also go find their other markets and put it in some of the hotter cities I want. Yeah, you know, just, you know, just, you know, going to be costs, but it's more it's also about the positioning factor as important as anything. And then it's always leverage. It's like a PR piece, or, you know, marketing piece. PR piece. I forget who I heard. I think it was Joe or Gary Halbert who said, market your marketing. Advertise your advertising. Publicize your publicity. So, you know, you get a piece created, like the the podcast. And most people, that's where they stop. The key is, is okay? How do I leverage this, like, I send out mailings, I send out emails, I put it on YouTube and Facebook, and I roll views to these things consistently to build up eyeballs and get exposure and get visibility, and mail it to the people that like, hey, here we did this interview. Here it is, check it out. And then you're like, Oh, that's awesome, right? And so there's, like, all of this other stuff for an asset that really becomes leverageable as an as a real asset, not just some thing we did. So, yeah, anyway, I know you're sure, but I think that's a great first step. Matthias, I

Matthias Miller  08:15
think that sounds good. Oh, anything else

Unknown Speaker  08:18
you want to cover, anything else you need help with right now?

Matthias Miller  08:21
No, I don't think so. I'm I'm continuing the evolution of fine tuning where it is. I really want to go, and I think quieting down a lot of external voices and turning up the internal voice. So it's exciting and scary, but I'm really looking forward to where it's going to lead. So,

Unknown Speaker  08:40
yeah,

Matthias Miller  08:41
I think that's, that's really it on my end. Anything, yeah, anything for you. I

Speaker 1  08:48
mean, if you know of any people who have a, you know, willingness to host a, you know, cool education based webinar, right? Or, you know, mini, mini event, or an interview style, or just do a presentation, or, you know, a higher profile podcast where they have visitors, those introductions are great and or, if you just know, if somebody you know, that Matthias, that you know struck, you know, they got the ideas for marketing, but they're just not making it happen like, you know, we can help bridge that gap. So any of those kind of intros, and we've got a little app we built that makes it easy where you, you know, you probably aren't going to use it exactly, word for word, but I'll give it to you. It's at invitation, dot breakthrough, three x.com and you can kind of get a little blurb of like, what to say, but then customize it like you can either send it right through the app, or you can cut it and put it in your own email, which is what most people do, but we just kind of make it easy to make an introduction, which is why it's also called Easy introductions, easy

Matthias Miller  09:51
directions, exactly. Well, I'll definitely keep that in mind. I don't have anybody hopping in mind right at the moment, but I. You. Mike, you know,

Unknown Speaker  10:01
yeah, okay, awesome.

Speaker 1  10:04
Well, keep up the good work. Have a great weekend, and we'll set up a follow up, as far as you know, the next couple weeks to get the interview done.

Speaker 2  10:10
Alright? Sounds good? Alright, bro. Thanks. Alright. Thanks in Alright. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai