Unknown Speaker  00:43
Hello, Matthias, hey,

Matthias Miller  00:45
hello there.

Unknown Speaker  00:46
How are you

Matthias Miller  00:48
good? How are you doing?

Speaker 1  00:50
I'm doing very well. Thank you, awesome. So looking forward to our our jamming session.

Unknown Speaker  00:55
Yes, awesome.

Speaker 1  00:57
Me too. Have you? Have you had any idea since we spoke last

Matthias Miller  01:05
I did, let me see if I can, let me pull up my notes.

Matthias Miller  01:21
I can't remember if this was before or after.

Matthias Miller  01:30
No, not really. I was playing around with some ideas on terms that might, you know, fit the war picture, in terms of, you know, some of this stuff, but you know, most of my, you know, where my head space is at is pretty similar from where we left it. Yeah, perfect.

Speaker 1  01:44
Yeah, no, I think, I think last time, we got a really good, a really good kind of, really good kind of understanding, we got an idea of the so what I'm doing with one of my clients right now is in terms of his book, it's kind of which I think will be a good structure for you. So each of his chapters is, kind of is kind of structured this way. There's a bit of commentary, a bit of commentary, a bit of, sorry, a bit of context commentary, and then components, which is basically how to do, how to do it all, and then a kind of, like a a conclusion, a conclusion, case study kind of thing, like that. So all C's, so I think for your book, that would be a really nice kind of structure for the for each of the chapters, kind of going into a kind of a more of a deeper dive now, like the context is kind of, sorry, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  02:51
Yeah. I wanted to throw out something that actually came out of conversation with my assistant. She pointed out, she's like most of your social content is its story. Lesson. And then my biggest weakness is that when I'm talking to somebody, I can translate into steps, A, B, C and D, but when I'm writing, I don't naturally. I naturally give the the what, but not the how. And so it might take, and I don't know if that's good, if we want a more specific implementation, it'll have to turn my brain in that direction to get that

Speaker 1  03:30
yeah, no, no. So how? So that's actually a perfect thing. So what I'm just saying right now is like, you know, Rudy, one of our clients right now, we're working with his book, and basically, what he, he know, he's given us a lot of commentary. And what I've, you know, what we've done is a lot of commentary, but there's not much concrete. Like the concrete is like the steps turning it, you know, step one, step two, step three, step four, step five. So what could work really well with us is just focus on the commentary. Just focus on, you know, just like, you know, writing as if you're going to write, you know, like, you know, kind of like this. Imagine like the Steven Pressfield, last time we taught, you know, more of our his books are very much commentary, basically, yeah. And then what we can then do is, then we can kind of put in, what I basically said is the commentary is like, the the wet cement is like, is that the foundation, and then the the concepts is like the cement. So what we can kind of do is we can kind of then turn some of the sections, or add some sections in there so that you've got some cement with the commentary as well. That makes sense. Yeah. So I think that that kind of thing would work really good. And again, you know, like I said, you know, don't, you know, just keep your because when you try to do both of them, it gets a bit complicated, because then you're kind of like switching here to here, here to here. So just imagine, like, you're writing kind of like a Steven Pressfield kind of book, but obviously it's a slightly different audience, because it's, it. It's kind of more business orientated. His is more kind of personal life story, etc, like that. So for him, it's fine to just be commentary. So through your book, go ahead,

Matthias Miller  05:13
this is actually a really interesting point that you're making, because this is where having a co author, you know, whether it's you guys or whether it's, it's somebody who is a who is a consultant of like kind, but much more of an in the weeds communicator, having it might be worth looking for an expert to bring in to say, I

Speaker 1  05:39
mean, this is where I can kind of where I can, kind of, where we can kind of come in, because one of our, you know, because, like I was saying, you know, imagine level one to level 10, like we talked about last time. So one of our, you know, one of our team, you know, his background is basically, you know, pH, Assistant, PhD. He helped with all the applications for PhD, etc, like that. So he's someone who probably really good to assign to your project, because, you know, he, he's really good at drawing out the highlight, you know, the details of it, basically. So what I think could work is, you know, again, I think, you know, you don't necessarily need to have a co author as such, because he can probably do, you know, you know, 80, you know, 70, 80% of the thing there, and then it's just kind of, you know, just kind of getting it over the line. So at least that will get you, you know, most, most of the way there, I think, yeah, because again, if you have a co author, then it becomes, you know, again, difference between having a co author, in a traditional sense, is you have a co author, and then it becomes, you know, about a battle of wits. It becomes a battle of ideas, a battle of, you know, opinions. Because if you have something like this, then, you know, like I said, you're focusing on the on the commentary, and let someone else focus on the on the concept, and then, you know, it kind of mixes together nicely, and you have a concrete book, basically, yep, you know, I think that's probably be a really good, good, good, good way to Do things. Basically makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  07:20
If we go ahead, I was just

Matthias Miller  07:22
curious for a little bit more definition, what you mean by context.

Speaker 1  07:28
So, you know, I mean, I just, you know, I use the word context just because it's a C, you know, I've tried to keep things in inspiration, so it's easy for my team to remember. So it's like, you know, you know, concepts is basically, you know, like, actionable stuff like, Okay, this is concept one. This is concept two. This is, you know, tactics, strategies, key ideas, implementation. You know, concepts means taking it from, you know, from an abstract idea, into something conceptual that you can, you know, you can do, do something with, basically, sure, that's, that's that's basically what I mean by concept. It's kind of like the practical element.

Matthias Miller  08:05
So if I were to just assign my own words to it, it's a great model would be kind of a story. Here's a situation, you know, with a hypothetical or real here's a situation, and then here's the here's the big picture, how to think about it. And then then there's the tactical, here's what you should do about it. And then finally, there's, like, the, you know, the tie it all together and put a bow on it.

Unknown Speaker  08:30
Exactly, exactly, yeah, pretty much,

Speaker 1  08:35
you know that. That's pretty much, you know, pretty much it, basically. And you know, you know, like, for example, you know, in in Rudy's book, his book is called, all it on red. So at the end, you know, we have red rules, which is basically the tie in, you know, try to not put a bone so it, you know, it ends with, like, you know, rule number one. You know, in the chapter one is rule number one. End of Chapter Two is rule number two. So it ends up with, you know, these are the five rules to follow, and then you're all in basically, yeah. So, you know, very similar concepts. Obviously, we can kind of work on some alliteration for your book, and it'll kind of be the same kind of thing, yep. And obviously we've kind of, you know, code house. It could kind of be the code of conduct at the end of it, you know, the refuse treaty, like we discussed, all of those kind of things are symbolic, you know, symbolic nature and all that kind of stuff. And, you know, all of the stuff we talked about last time

Unknown Speaker  09:36
makes sense. So, yeah, I

Speaker 1  09:36
think that that would work. That will work good, because then that means that means that you're not, you know, you're not constantly flipping from commentary to concept, commentary to concept, right? You just focus on one and then let someone else come and put in all the, all the concrete, and, you know, we just tie it all together and and put it all in, organize all the pieces and, and that we were good, good. G, so basically,

Unknown Speaker  09:58
makes sense, yeah.

Speaker 1  10:00
I Yeah, so think it's pretty it's becoming pretty clear now, yeah, you know, just to kind of recap, you know what we kind of, you know, what we talk about at the very beginning is, you know, the, you know, we start off with, with, I'm just defining where the, what the problem is, the root cause of the problem, which, like we said, is going from, you know, from, you know, from farm, when everyone lived in a community, to to factory, where people start becoming competitive. It's like, who can be the biggest producer, then to eventually cubicle, and now not even cubicle. Now zoom basically, right, exactly, and you know, and you know, the more and more separate we become, the more and more competitive we become, right? So it's like, you know, it's like, competitiveness, you know, before it was camaraderie, competitiveness, and now it's camaraderie, competitive. It's kind of like, that's that seesaw, basically, and it's kind of getting that see so kind of balanced, yep. And obviously, you know, the more balanced it is, the more peaceful, the more peaceful the organization is, basically, correct, right? It's kind of like, you know how, you know why that's happened, and then kind of elements of how we can, you know, how we can make it, you know, how we can resolve this issue, basically, yeah, rebalance that. Okay, so I think that's, you know, I think it's a pretty, pretty, you know, again, the key thing is, is, is going to be something that you can kind of explain in a very high level, very quickly, like the, you know, we just kind of talked about the elevator pitch kind of thing there. But, you know, then, obviously, then we can really start fleshing it out, going deep into what each chapter is, putting it into that kind of commentary concept, etc, kind of structure we just talked about just now. And that's pretty much the book, basically,

Unknown Speaker  11:53
yeah.

Speaker 1  11:57
Makes sense, yeah. And the great thing about it is, is, you know, the you know, this is the hardest part. Basically,

Unknown Speaker  12:05
yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  12:07
because now you know, now you know which rivers, now you know which direction the river flows. It basically, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  12:16
Makes sense.

Matthias Miller  12:36
I guess, would it make sense to flesh out a little bit, what the topics, chapters, exactly, exactly.

Speaker 1  12:45
I mean, what we ideally want to do is we kind of want to come up with some kind of, you know, top level framework, ideally, you know, C words or something like that. They can, kind of, I mean, I like the word the letter C, because letter C is an incomplete letter, so C for conflict. You know, it's like an O is a complete letter, A C is like an incomplete letter. And it's like incompleteness that causes confusion, that causes chaos, that causes conflict. You know, it's ironic that all of these words start with C that causes challenge, the causes change, causes confusion. So I think you know that, that you know this, like that, that that little bit that's lost in translation, that little gap between, you know, little gap that doesn't quite complete the idea, or doesn't quite complete it, you know, see, for communication, all of that.

Matthias Miller  13:49
So, you know, one of the things I'm specifically wrestling with is if we use the concept of war and competition fragmentation, one of the things that I was kind of grasping for in Okay, so, for example, EOS took the term integrator, and they built a whole culture around the identity of the integrator. And one of the things I would love to do is, is frame this, not as the integrator, but the fill in the blank. This is the identity of the person who is the balancer. You know, yeah.

Speaker 1  14:32
I mean the reality of it is the word integrator itself doesn't make sense in a business point of view. Because, for example, you know the advertising and, you know, the marketing department and the accounting department are never going to integrate. They're always going to be at war, right? You know, there's never, you know, you know, you know, the human resources and the you know, and and the accounting department, you know, they're always going to see there was an excess cost. You know, accounting is all. Is going to be trying to keep it as low as possible, and these guys always going to be asking for as much as much as possible. So the reality of it is, is, you know, there's, you know, that's why it's about balance, because you can't ever integrate all of these departments, because they have different, you know, different KPIs, they got different, different thing to measure against.

Matthias Miller  15:20
And it's, it's, it's, you know, I think one of the questions is, it's a matter of of agreement versus you're never going to get them to agree. We know that they're paid not to disagree. They are paid to disagree. But there's a but there's a big difference in mediating the conflict where, yes, this is, you know,

Unknown Speaker  15:48
yeah,

Speaker 1  15:50
yeah. I mean, a good analogy would be, for example, if you're sick, you know, if you go to a surgeon, the surgeon is going to say, have an operation. And if you go to the chemist. The chemist going to say, take the medicine. But the reality of it is, is you need both. And in that situation, you need both the chemist and the surgeon to be working together. You know, if the surgeon is just working and the chemist isn't, then it's not going to work. And if the chemist just gives you medicine, it's not going to get your, you know, your tumor away, yeah. So, you know, so in many ways, the same thing like that in businesses, like, you know, they, they, you know, they don't want to work together because of the their backgrounds, basically, and their their ideology, just like, you know, just like, like Republicans, the Democrats. But yet, you know, they have to work together for the sake of the, you know, for everything to go properly? Basically, yeah. And, you know, your kind of thing there is the, you know, the mediator. And, you know, the mediator means the best solution, basically, right? I would actually say, you know, instead of being the integrator, you're the synergizer, and you're trying to say that, yeah, instead of, instead of it being, you know, instead of, like I said, instead of the, just keep it simple, the chemist and the surgeon, you know, instead of the, you know, the chemist saying one thing, or surgeon, I'm saying another thing. If they both kind of met together and said, actually, you know what? This is the best plan. You know, you don't need that severe surgery. And because you need, don't need that severe surgery. You can take less medication, so it's a better result. So I think the, I think probably the right, the right word would be something like the synergizer, the whole one plus one equals three. Kind of thing. You know, one one. You know one plus one equals three. Rather than one plus one equals chaos. Yeah, and I think that could be, I think that could be actually a really good, really good chap, really good introduction. Title, one plus one equals chaos.

Unknown Speaker  17:55
Fascinating concept.

Matthias Miller  17:58
What do you think of the term so synergizer is an option. What do you think of the term Synchronizer?

Speaker 1  18:04
Yeah, similar, yeah, very similar. You know, Synchronizer. Synergize you know, synchronize is getting it all onto the same, you know, the same, same watch,

Matthias Miller  18:16
right? Yeah. It's

Speaker 1  18:17
like, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, like, daylight savings time. It's like adjusting, you know,

Matthias Miller  18:23
oh, it's like the marching band with different again, it's, it's, you got the guy with the trumpets, you got the guy with the cymbals, you got the guy with the drums,

Speaker 1  18:35
with their marching in sync, the conductor, and, you know, the Connect is a C word, so that could even be an option, or the controller, or the even the Completer, there's, there's so many different words that we can have. And you know, it'll be really good that we kind of not just look at that. We got go, actually go look in the etymology of what this word originally means.

Speaker 1  19:10
Yeah, because, you know, obviously you know the Latin root, or the Greek root, or the root, you know the root word of it might even be from a different language, but it could have a very different meaning. And many like, for example, a great word is a word service. Most people think service, you know, service charge. It's something low value. But when you look at the actual, you know, the actual definition of service is actually the highest good you can do. That's why churches have services still, yeah. So you know, one of the, one of the things that, you know, what? Again, this is why, one of the reasons why there's so much confusion and conflict is because things have been misunderstood, right? And you got the, you know, you got the the waiter thinking, I'm doing the highest good I can. And you got the, you know, the guy eating the meal thinking, just get me as soon, quickly as possible. You.

Matthias Miller  19:59
Okay, so here, here's some interesting let's just play around with this. So let's start with etymology of synthesis, synthesize, synthesis, which means putting together, together with and thesis meaning place, placing, which means to place. So it means to place together.

Unknown Speaker  20:28
I think you cut out. All

Matthias Miller  20:33
right, let me, let me know when you're back. I

Matthias Miller  20:58
There we go.

Speaker 1  20:58
I'm not sure. I'm not sure what happened there? Just keep me out for a second. Okay,

Matthias Miller  21:03
that's weird.

Speaker 1  21:04
I heard you're saying something about it originally meant, what was that? What was the word he was talking about, just there. So synthesize.

Matthias Miller  21:11
Synthesis means sin, is a Greek prefix that means together with Yep, thesis meaning a placing, or, you know, meaning to place. So it means the placing together of two things. The synchronize means also together or with. But it means, but it comes from the word Kronos, which means time. So it's meaning to cause things to occur at the same time or to operate, you know, the idea would be in in rhythm,

Speaker 1  21:47
yeah, and, you know, I mean, that's one of the biggest reasons for conflicts. Is, is timelines. You know, department a says, you know, we need this. Department B says, oh, we need this time. So, you know, what we can look at is, we can look at all of the, you know, this is, this is really good, because, you know, where does conflict happen? When things are out of place, what out of place? Timelines, expectations, you know, boundaries. When all of these things get out of place, that's what causes these, you know, causes these conflicts, which then turn into political wars, basically, right? You know, it just stacks, you know, it compounds. If I can now probably be the one of the good one of the important CS to have is, is compound. About how things compound. You know, you have a disagreement with someone. Then you, you form a bias about them. Then you look for everything they've done wrong. Then all of a sudden, it becomes a massive fire, right?

Speaker 1  22:58
So, you know, I think all of the all of these things are, you know, kind of, you know, really, kind of coming together. And you know, in the old days, you know, you'd basically just go and speak to them, but now, you know, everything's on Zoom, or they might be in a different country or a different office. And you know, so much is lost in in communication, in you know, you know, in online communication, you know, especially when it's written, when it's worth you know, someone might, you know, a great example, you know, someone might have a very rush, you know, very kind of rush down when it comes to emails. Might only send like, you know, quick, 123, word emails. And someone else, you know, in another country might get offended by it, you know, why are they not saying please? Why are they not saying thank you. It's such like that, you know, you know they might, you know, their standard might be okay, done, as opposed to, you know, you know so you know so many, so many things we can really look into. You know, culture. You know culture character. You know different phases of life. Obviously, you know, you know, adults have got a very, you know, I've got a very, you know, older people have got a different way of communicating. Younger people, you know, technological, technological challenges, so many things we can talk about here, and that's why I think why I think it'll be so great. You have the commentary why this is important, and then you have the concepts of, you know, what to do about it. And then you have a little kind of case study about, you know, this happened in this, in this company, here, and here, etc, like this. And this is kind of how I helped it. And what happens is, the, you know, the actual, the case studies then kind of become not only proof, but they actually become part of the education, right? Because they become, you know, they become, you know, situational analysis, basically.

Unknown Speaker  24:59
So. Right,

Unknown Speaker  25:01
yeah, so I think, I think that all comes together really nicely.

Matthias Miller  25:06
So if we

Speaker 2  25:11
sorry that's the wrong one. I was actually looking for this one here. I

Matthias Miller  25:24
so you could integrate the idea of,

Matthias Miller  25:32
well, yeah, you know, I think, I mean, these are very clear department of wars. You mentioned

Speaker 1  25:41
Exactly. Depart departmental wars in terms of, you know, in terms of, this is not my responsibility. This is, you know, this is, this is not our responsibility, the standard, standard, standard response, right? You know this is in our remit. You know, you know this is for this department. I might not our department, you know, or you know, you know, you know the story basically,

Matthias Miller  26:09
yep, but, but sometimes, sometimes it legitimately, and sometimes, you know it legitimately, legitimately is and so it's, it's helping the for folks to see where the responsibilities Start

Unknown Speaker  26:23
and End exactly,

Speaker 1  26:27
you know, just about boundaries and you know, the irony thing is, is, you know, the clearer people are, the easier is, because so many times you know, finger don't get done because of confusion. You know, why isn't it done? Now, I thought you were doing it, yeah, you know. So it's just about clarity. And I actually think you know that, you know. So, like, for example, with, you know, with Ben's book, you know, it's kind of like the verses versus just like you've got, like, Tactics versus truth, you know, so for each of them, there's like, you know, there's that, there's that battle of the theoretical and the practical. And, you know, if we can really kind of talk about that in a powerful way, it's very, you Know, very, very, very easy to do. I

Speaker 1  27:42
that no I think it's I think it's coming. I think it's coming good. You know, the people wars, the system wars, the culture wars, the generational. You know the generational wars. You know the young. You know, younger generation are more you know, in a more and more technological world, the younger generation are more adept with technology and change. The older generation are more you know. There's a great there's a great story by by Brian Tracy. He says that every you know, every year, what you know today is going to be worth half is going to be half as valuable tomorrow, uh, sorry, next year, and the year after that, it's going to be even you know, again, half valuable. And you got all of these, you know, older generations. Who are, you know, I've been doing this for 40 years, and realized that, you know, the world has changed a lot in 40 years, basically, right?

Matthias Miller  28:38
But, I mean, I find I face very little of that in the in my in the clients that I work with,

Matthias Miller  28:47
I mean that there might be a so something that came up, Something that has come up in conversation, is the, what assistant pointed out recently that even though I don't explicitly talk about it, I implicitly talk a lot about values based goal setting and values based decision making. And so if you want to talk about this, probably whether it's values wars or culture wars like this is, yeah, something else that shows up frequently. And, yeah, I mean,

Speaker 1  29:27
you know, like we talked about briefly, it's like, you know the value, you know, the values that the accounting department are our key keep costs as low as possible, and the value of the R D department is, you know, invest as much in R D as possible as that's the future. So it's a different value. It's, you know, it's a different, you know, different KPIs,

Unknown Speaker  29:47
right now, if

Speaker 1  29:50
I'd even call it VPS. VPS, yeah, it's kind of a part of VIPs, but VP. You have VPI versus KPI, you know, it's like, you know, the shareholders want this, which is ultimately the KPI, which drives everything, but the, you know, different departments work on different agendas.

Matthias Miller  30:16
I mean, it's, you know, it can be growth versus profit versus stability as an example, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  30:38
You know, in terms, you know, I mean, you know, in terms of, just in terms of, for example, inventory, you know, some, you know, do we choose a just in time method? Or, do we choose a, you know, or, or do we have a, have a, have a larger inventory, right? And, you know, face depreciation, you know. So, you know, there's just, there's so many of these. And of course, then you've got the, you know, then of course, you've got the fact that it's all compounded, because there's competition. And you know, not only are you competing, you know, the irony of it is, is that you know, it's like, you know you've already gotta fight the the outer battle, which is with the competition, but you know why you're also fighting the inner battle, right? Because you can't win both, right? No, you can't fight two wars at one go. Imagine if you know, if you know, you're fighting a an international war, but there's also a civil war at the same time.

Matthias Miller  31:43
So here's another paradigm shift of many of my clients. I think it's fair to say many of them, you know, they're wanting to end the war within, but they're also not looking to build a war without they're competing against themselves. And so, I mean this, this could be, could maybe be,

Speaker 1  32:20
yeah, exactly. I mean, there's, you know, there's so many quotes, you know, your the only competition is you yesterday. And, you know, and you know, the reality of it is, is every, every company has got a different story. Yeah, you know, if you're, you know, if you're a 10 year company, and you're trying to compete again, a 20 year company, it's a very different story. Yeah, you know, you know. And the irony, the irony is, you know, I mean, the irony of it is, is that you know, turn your weakness into your strengths. You know, if you're a young company, you're flexible, you can, you know, you can, you know, think that's bureaucracy. If you're a large company, you're like, a, you know, like a David or Goliath. You know, David's go ahead and watch it. Go ahead. It's like, you know, who's better? Is it better to be David or Goliath? Walter? Is better to be both? Because in different situations, you're going to need to be different, versions.

Matthias Miller  33:22
Well, it's, I mean, then the correct answer is, it depends. I mean, it's, it's bad to be David and Goliath armor. It's bad for Goliath to be fighting a David. So,

Speaker 1  33:34
yeah, that's the whole paradigm. You know? You know, if, if you was in the situation, would you rather be a David of life? I'd rather be a Goliath. But then, if I know that Goliath going to lose be a David, it's that whole paradigm, and that's it. That's, you know, a very beautiful, kind of, very simple analogy to start with. Yeah. And, you know, I mean, there's a, you know, in Gulliver travel is a great, a great, a great parody. It's like, there's the War of the eggs. One side says, you know, the you break the egg for the big side, one says, you break the egg from the small side, they're having a war because they're not, you know, the answer is, you can, doesn't matter. Thinking that's how that's how crazy is. That's the kind of analysis we can use to kind of really, really show the, you know, really, really show the the the illogicality of it, and really kind of put some humor in it, as in, you know, Rob guys, you know, doesn't really make a difference,

Speaker 1  34:55
you know. I mean, there's, you know, there's also the conflict of, you know, following the rules and. Breaking the rules. I mean, if you look, for example, you know, you look at the sport of rugby, the sport of rugby started because they, they basically, you know, pick the ball up and start running of it, and all of a sudden, now you have a new sport. And, you know, if you follow all the rules, how you going to have innovation and new ideas? Yeah. I mean, it's funny. I was watching, I was watching a little video yesterday. It was about a guy, so he went to the shop, and he said, You know, I want to have a curry, but I'm in a rush to put on a pizza. So he basically put the curry on the pizza, and now that's become the, you know, curry pizzas become their, their one of their biggest dishes. That's awesome. I mean, literally, you know, if you just said, Oh no, we can't do that, you know, that's complete, no company, company policy is, you know, you can't do that. But no, he did it, and all of a sudden, now it's become, you know, become a very popular dish, yeah, so, you know, so you know, as you can see, there's just, you know, there's just hundreds of ideas we can have on this, right? And, you know, I think now we kind of getting a really nice structure and a really nice balance.

Speaker 1  36:15
And, you know, and the irony, ironic thing is, you know, the synchronizer is a really good, good thing, because it's all about bringing it together and the right time. And it's different seasons. You know, in, in, in, in spring, in, you know, in spring you want to have your, your your, you know, your seed layers, in, in, in, in harvest time. You want to have your seed pickers different timing. You know, obviously, when it's end of year, all the focus goes on to the accounting department. But when it comes to the beginning of the year, it's all goes on to the, you know, the management department. When it comes to, you know, big deliveries, all on inventory or warehousing. So, you know, that's the, I think that's really good about synchronizing. It's about synchronizing to the market needs. And, you know, if there's good point, yeah, like, you know, like one of my, you know, like one of my, my, you know, a great example is synchronizing to to market needs. It's like, you know, now more and more people are becoming vegan, and now you're seeing all these vegan chocolates, you know, like, Kit Kat got a vegan option now,

Unknown Speaker  37:29
wow. Yeah, that's interesting,

Speaker 1  37:32
yeah. I mean, you see now, now you see so many non alcoholic beers, right? Because, you know, people don't, you know, they still want the beer, but without the alcohol, so the driving. So this is all synchronizing to to the market, needs and, you know, and and demand. Yeah. Another great story is, for example, you know both headphones. So, you know both headphones, you made it everything. Just kept it simple, black and black and silver. And then beats came out, and they had all these funky colors. They had reds and blues and greens and stuff like that. And all of a sudden they took all their market share, right? And then, you know, then, then bows realized, actually, hold on a second. We can't just give it, you know. We, you know, people want more choice. Yep, you know, this is, you know, like I said, there's, there's, literally, there's hundreds of stories we could use for all of this.

Speaker 1  38:38
I mean, you know, the reality of it is, it's like this. You know, each one of these can be a little book.

Speaker 2  38:45
It's completely it's very true. It's very true. Yeah, you

Speaker 1  38:52
know, like, you know, value, wars, people, wars, market wars. I mean, there's that that show on, on the Discovery Channel, you know, shipping, wars. Same kind

Matthias Miller  39:02
of exactly.

Matthias Miller  39:13
I mean, there is this external wars, which is, which is ends up being. You know, we got, we got market wars. We got vendor wars. Yeah, we've got,

Speaker 1  39:27
yeah. I mean, you got, you got macro economic wars, for example, you know, you know, the war in the Middle East, the war in, you know, war in Ukraine, all of a sudden, you know, supplies are hit, shipping routes are closed. You know covid, you know, you know policy wars, you know tariff wars. You know, on the macroeconomic side, there's so many as well,

Unknown Speaker  39:55
yeah, okay, but

Speaker 1  39:58
you know, you've got, like, the, you know, the whole. Debate where, you know, they don't want ships from China and all that kind of stuff, you know, so so many different options. Then you have, you know, external wars, you know, right now, you know, the Middle East. There's so many, you know, companies being boycotted, right? You know, Starbucks, but Donald's, all these guys are losing huge, huge amounts of money because of the, you know, because of people boycotting them. You know, that's another massive external, external war. And you know, the irony of it is, is, you know, you're going to have, you know, especially in organizations, you're going to have people with different political beliefs or different religious beliefs, and they're going to have different opinions.

Matthias Miller  40:52
There really is still this returning theme of,

Matthias Miller  41:01
I don't know there's this thing of

Speaker 1  41:16
and, of course, the biggest thing that you have here as well, you know, the biggest point, again, that's kind of goes into the into why this is happening, is that companies have have faster and faster turnover. You know, before people would be, you know, before people, you know, have one career, they'll stay with a company for life. Basically, now you have people and, you know, they jump from job to job every 234, years for new career. So, you know, the piece is always changing as well. So you don't build that camaraderie. Because, you know, everyone is, yeah, exactly, fragmentation. You know, fragmentation and turnover Exactly.

Matthias Miller  41:58
And this is the thing that you were talking about earlier, like fragmentation from farming, yeah, through assembly line, yeah, yeah, you know, become more and

Speaker 1  42:08
more competitive. Yeah. It's become more and more competitive, yeah. You know, it's become more and more divisive and more and more competitive. It's become more and more competitive. It's become more and more productive based, yeah, I mean, like, there's a, I think there's a, there's there's a movie. I think it's called nowhere land. It's all about Amazon. And they basically, you know, they, they basically go there, and they basically say, you know, you've only got, you know how you know how many parcels, you know, you can't even go for a toilet break, because if you go for a toilet break, you're going to miss your quota. Yeah, that's how competitive is getting. And that whole movie was based on that argument,

Speaker 1  42:57
you know, like, you know, pack up, you know, ship a parcel, a second kind of argument, right? And if you go to a bathroom break for two minutes, obviously you're gonna miss a few seconds, you know? So you know all of those kind of things there you

Unknown Speaker  43:49
I'll let you think I can see your brain journey.

Matthias Miller  43:53
Yeah, I mean, I guess for me, part of you know, thinking back to what are my goals with this? I don't know if it's completely clearly defined clearly. It's a way to take my value proposition and put it into print form and give people an easy way to communicate. It's also, you know, secondarily, there's this I want to take my body of work and communicate, you know, my it's my way of expressing myself and and taking, taking something of myself and packaging it up. Yeah. I

Speaker 1  44:29
mean, basically, you want to bring your point of view to the debate, right? You know, that's and then obviously, you know, by having your your point of view in a debate, then it's obviously going to going to be people who agree with your point of view, and then they're going to hire you and say, You know what? Yeah, you know, you understand us. Come and come and come and fix it for us. And obviously, the the more logical that the point is made, then, you know, the more the more easier it is. Some people are going to be like, well, you know what, there's there's not going to be. Do you know companies are always going to be fragmented, whereas then other people are going to be like, well, you know what we can? You know, even if we make it 10% less fragmented, it's going to be better for us, right? Then there's going to be others. Our total optimist, and think you know what, we can actually make this a utopia. You

Matthias Miller  45:25
a fragmentation is a really good word to capture the underlying theme throughout

Speaker 1  45:32
Exactly. Yeah, and I think I'm not sure if you know, but you know, in Japan, they have this whole art of like they take the the broken pieces and they and they put the gold in sweat. And so you're not only just rebuilding it, but you're rebuilding it into a better way. Yeah, you're not, you know. So you're coming in and you're actually, you know, you're celebrating the fragmentation, right? You know? So instead of, instead of discarding the instead of discarding the piece, the broken pieces, you're rebuilding something with it and something better, right? I

Matthias Miller  46:39
I'm not certain whether external wars actually belongs in this conversation. I think it's an interesting conversation.

Speaker 1  46:45
I mean, again, it doesn't belong as a major piece. It's more of a commentary and an anecdote. It's not like a it's not a standalone thing, but it sure deserves an, you know, it's not a starring role. It's a support actor to get a little heart roll basically. You know, it's a, it can be, it can be a good transition, not a main scene, but a transitional scene. I

Speaker 1  47:28
that, yeah, you know, that's the goal is, you know, imagine, you know, you know, what if we could sign a P you know? What if we could create, you know, wars have been ended by peace treaties. What if we can create a peace treaty in your in your you know, it doesn't mean it's going to be peace all the time, but at least there'll be a lot more peaceful than it's always been. Well,

Matthias Miller  47:49
I mean, I think let's define peace. It's not freedom from conflict, it's not freedom from disagreement. It means that we are going to find ways to synchronize. Yeah,

Speaker 1  48:01
yeah, yeah. Peace means that instead of resolving conflicts with you know, instead of resolving differences with conflicts, you resolve differences with collaboration, right? You know, instead of you know, instead of you know, being, you know, finger pointing, it's, it's you know, what can we do to resolve this problem? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  48:32
it's rather than,

Unknown Speaker  48:41
yeah, exactly, yeah, it's

Unknown Speaker  48:43
going away from prejudice, prejudices, right? I

Speaker 1  49:08
it's basically going from a you to we, you know, from you versus us to to we, I

Unknown Speaker  49:23
there's Also this,

Matthias Miller  49:39
even from a KPI standpoint, it's a i.

Matthias Miller  50:03
Part of the synchronizing whether it's exactly where this goes, but part of the synchronizing is, is creating alignment and KPIs, which, which, this is actually what is talked about here. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  50:17
exactly. I

Speaker 1  50:27
I mean, no, it's, it's silly things, you know, silly, silly things from MacBook versus Pro. I mean, sorry, MacBook versus, you know, Mac versus Apple versus PC,

Unknown Speaker  50:39
right? You know,

Speaker 1  50:41
Android versus iPhone, you know, all the, all of those things, you know, little, petty things you know, like, you know, I can't open your file because you work on the back, that kind of thing, you know,

Unknown Speaker  50:53
yeah,

Speaker 1  50:56
I mean, I mean, again, these are, these, are these these sound trivial, but they're little bug bears, you know, they're little bugs that get under people's hymns and, you know, oh, it's that Mac play. Oh, it's that, that Mac guy. Again, exactly. Yeah. And, you know, it's those little petty things that that, you know, that kind of, you know, kind of put The shutters up before it even starts The combination I

Speaker 1  52:38
yeah, I think, yeah. I think we've got, I think we're getting a really good solid, you know, a really good solid kind of thing. And if it's a synchronized it could be like four piece of a jigsaw, you know, values, people, systems, and the other one, basically. And it's kind of like putting them all together in one piece. They're fragmented. One piece here, one piece here. It's about putting them together in one piece.

Matthias Miller  53:06
Could also, it could also be an imagery of gears as well, where you could just simply have three gears, values, people and systems,

Speaker 1  53:15
Yep, yeah. Or you could be, you know, piecing together a piece. I you know, there's a lot of ways we can. We can kind of kind of look at it, yeah.

Matthias Miller  53:40
All right. All

Matthias Miller  53:53
right. Well, I mean, I really appreciate this. I appreciate the feedback. I think you've gotten great ideas. To be honest, it'd be, you know, paying for this type of a meeting would, would some of the conversations we, we've had, there's been a lot of value in

Speaker 1  54:11
them. And doing that, that's to go is to to give as much value as possible and help you get the best books as possible. Yeah, yeah. I mean, that's, that's the, you know, like I said, you know, the structure is the most important part of the book. And now it's now, it's the you know, now it's the nitty gritty of the of writing the book. And like I said, I think that the best, you know, the best way we can work together is you focus purely on the commentary side, and we focus purely on the concept side. So, you know, you write a section, send it to us. We can expand it, put in a commentary section, and, you know, edit it, tidy it all up, make it look nice, and such like that. And then we have a nice balance between, you know, between commentary and and practicality. So. Yeah, you know, we can take then we can take care of all the editing, editing side as well, which is a editing, formatting, design, you know, graphics, all that kind of stuff. And, you know, ultimately, speaking, we have a book that justifies the the idea and the argument, really, you know, got a really good concept. Now we've got a really good a really good argument, a really good concept, a really good context, some really good points, and, you know, we're on a very good chain of thought. I just think it's, you know, we're going in the right direction. It's just going to go better and better.

Matthias Miller  55:39
Yeah, I think, I think to be fully transparent, the question I've got is, I've got got an individual and staff with developmental editing experience, and I've got some folks I work with that know me, know me, and my work extremely well. And so I guess I'm, you know, there's the, there's a little bit of the tension between, you know, the folks who've done quite a number of these books, and I really appreciate how your brain works in these things. And then there's also the tension of people who have really deep history with with me, and know, you know, know that. And so I guess that's, that's probably the biggest thing that I'm looking the way out and in my I

Speaker 1  56:25
mean, I mean, I mean, editing is basically, you know, edit. Editing is editing. And, you know, all an editor's doing is just making sure it, you know, it reads well, it flows well, you know, I gave you example last time. Of, you know, Michael, you know, of Stephen King and Michael of Steven Spielberg and Michael Khan. They're two totally different art forms, two totally different departments. You know, Michael Khan doesn't get into, doesn't interfere with Steven, Steven Spielberg's process, and Steven Spielberg doesn't interfere with Michael Khan's process. And it could be, you know, any editor, could be any, any, any director, because they're both equally as good in their own way. So, I mean, the argument is, is, in terms of the editing, it doesn't really make much difference in terms of the actual creative output of it, that's more just the polishing and the making create flows, right? And, you know, any good editor will work basically, because we're giving them the good raw materials. If we give, you know, if we give the editor crap materials, crap, you know, crap to work with, they can't make, you know, if, if Stevens, you know, if Steven Spielberg gives Michael Khan, you know, crap footage, she can't a good movie. And likewise. So the you know, the oldest isn't really on the editor. It doesn't matter. You know who it is, where it's on your side, outside, that's irrelevant. The you know, the editor is, is a polisher. You know, you can't polish a turn, as they say. You know, we've got to make sure that we give them as good as possible to work with. And to be honest with you, you know, that's, you know, the editing part is, is, is very important, because, again, you know, so many books out there, you know, like, I, you know, I just got, like, a, I'm just reading a New York Times bestseller, and it has grammar mistakes in it and swelling mistakes. And I'm like, How the hell can this be, be the case? And, you know, all of a sudden, that author, you know, he's got a PhD, he's brilliant at what he does, but he's lost all the credibility, yeah. So, you know the editor, you know, the editor is a crap job in that. So it doesn't matter who the editor is. They, you know, they've gotta do a good job, basically, and their job is to make sure that there's no stupid mistakes and stuff like that. That costs all the credibility, because we don't want to come up with a great book and then people see spelling mistakes, and all of a sudden they don't take you seriously. Yep, right. So, you know, so, I mean, you know, the energy side isn't something that you know, it, you know, is here or there. You know, our main contribution will basically be the, be the, the side of the of, you know, like I said, you know, the commentary and concepts, I think that's where we can have a lot of value. And then, you know, an editor can really tidy up and marry all together. And then we've got the four methods we can put it into a nice, you know, a nice design, user experience, readers experience, really amazing. And then that's how you end up with a mailing book. Basically, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  59:26
makes sense, yeah,

Speaker 1  59:30
yeah. I think that would work. I think we can have, like, a collaboration, like we talked about last time. I think it's a win, win. We have a few calls like this, where you kind of, you know, brainstorm and, you know, just go, you know, you know, create the, create the channels of thought. So then we, you know, we, you know, we got the the outline, and we make, you know, what we can then do it. Then we can, kind of like, look at each chapter and flesh out the outline of the outline, and kind of go deeper and deeper. And from that, have an amazing. Book I think,

Matthias Miller  1:00:11
yeah, I'm gonna need some time once again. I don't know that it's the time investment. I think it's the it's the direction that I want to go. I think that's the biggest question. So yeah, I think I'm gonna need, need some time to think about this. And yeah, I mean, if this, this ends up being, being, I feel like being the right direction for me. I don't think there's any any hesitation, any hesitation with that, but I do feel like I do want to do, want some time to kind of consider,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:52
yeah, consider where I'm headed with this. Oh,

Speaker 1  1:00:53
that's, that's not a problem. I mean, just let me know. You know, let me know so then I can map out my calendar. Basically, no, I mean, like I said, you know, I think, you know, again, I think the real value is going to be the brainstorming and the default and the, you know, the formatting, and, you know, the the concept and and the commentary. So, you know, I think that's where we can add the value and your court, basically,

Matthias Miller  1:01:22
Yep, absolutely makes sense. I mean, like I said,

Speaker 1  1:01:24
I think you know this will be, you know, for us, this would be a great project. I think it's it's fun, it's easy. This is something I know quite well. So, I mean, I've got no hesitated in that side. But again, you know, we don't pressure any of our clients. But you know, if you think that this is something that you know, they should do. We kind of always give them a little nice,

Matthias Miller  1:01:45
basically, sure, understand,

Speaker 1  1:01:48
okay, yeah, so, like I said, you have a little think on that, you know, maybe let just let you know, let me know, you know, maybe Monday or so, and then we take it from there. And then, you know, then we can if, if it's a yes, we can plan some people, you know, for next week, a call and such like that, and kind of set a little schedule up, and then it just helps you, planning out my stuff basically,

Speaker 2  1:02:08
sure makes sense. Okay, awesome. Stopify us. Sounds good.

Speaker 1  1:02:14
Okay, awesome. Okay, well, have a lovely weekend.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:17
Okay, I will Okay, all

Unknown Speaker  1:02:19
right, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai