Speaker 1  00:04
Facebook marketplace for one and then one phone call to a person if they come in and if they don't answer and move on. But in January they sold 120 buildings. Yeah, somehow they're well, they're slow now. And that's why they're in desperate search of hey, what's going on? I need to do something because there's like eight shops in Montezuma and they're one of the eight and I think it's a they're desperate for something. Because everybody slow down. They have eight babies and two days are just idle not being used because they don't have the work to do it. So yeah, and this is what I've been seeing kind of nationally like, from what Kyle told me so they're a better location in Montana is doing well. And Eagle Ridge is doing well and we're doing he said where they're talking where the three companies that are up this year from last year and all of their other companies throughout the US that they work in a few months. So it is a national thing that if people have been down from last year this year.

Speaker 1  01:41
Right, I haven't ever I haven't heard any percentages specifically for many companies, but what I have heard is they're significantly lower. So I'm guessing they're probably down by 20 or 30%. Those are just rough estimations. Right so you know, I mean, coming into this time of the year you don't want to be down that far. Unless you have something in place to really start hammering down. Right. Yeah, I mean, I think the way the market is trending, everybody's moving to online, so having a very good online presence and a way to capture those leads is crucial. Because everybody's looking at why and that's why that's why with most of our sales happening where they never even see the salesperson they don't see anybody from the other storage sheds until the building shows up. And obviously the driver has subcontractor leader like He's the face of it. He's the first face they see from our company, that when they were built and with that being 90% of it that is so crucial to have their online presence strong and have a good follow up set a follow up system in place to make sure because what you know what happens with companies that you know they they get all these leads but they mad they call every once or twice and they're not really following up in a manner that's, hey, let's let's get on it. What happens is so let's just take our competition for instance, and I'm just using an example of a specific instance of this but where, okay, so they go on our website and then they go to one of our competitors. Well, they come in as a lead on our system and I'm sure the other system they have a lead generator or lead collection system as well. But when we're the first one, because as soon as it comes out, you know, next year McCall and so we reached out to, let's say the other company that came in with a guy with a big bang attention and he just didn't call it a couple out so we call the time. That guy he may get around a call number they may get a quote may or maybe they didn't answer well that our guy calls him again. Well, okay, so this is the numbers this does this look good? Yeah, looks good. No, let's let's Okay, let's go ahead and get started. So with our follow up, we're we're reaching out to that customer, I would say probably more than our competition is objecting it's evident that we are because we're so important. So correct. So cold calling is treatment. I say it's cold calling. Obviously, if somebody's going on the website, they have slipped. So in a way it's a cold call because they put their information and they haven't talked to anybody but on the other hand, there is some interest there that's why they thought there so yeah, that's that's kind of if I let's just put it this way our guys make a lot of phone calls in a day.

Unknown Speaker  04:50
Oh, gotcha. So.

Speaker 1  05:07
This, are you talking like a day, a couple of hours, what's kind of the timeframe? That's killing you. So basically, and this is done through research I've done that you have not quite a 99% close rate, but you'd have a 90% chance of close within the first five minutes of that meeting coming online. Every hour after that it drops by about 10 to 15%. Yeah, so it is yeah. Oh, yeah, absolutely. The best leak again is when when you call it they come in as elite you call them they're still on the website. Like I did that one time I had a customer I call him a lead came in I called him right away and that was still on the website. Yes. Oh, you guys are fast. So yeah, absolutely. So here's kind of a just a brief note. We have two sales guys are one sales guy made 94 phone calls yesterday the other guy certainly one. So that's how many phone calls we're making in a day. Roughly. And, you know, some days it's more than that some days. But yeah, in this stuff, we keep fine tuning it and trying to make it better and and really making sure that we're we're doing everything we can to talk to everybody we can before any of our competition doesn't even if our competition does talk to him. We're following up right after that to answer their questions and get get people comfortable. You know, the the best thing is when a customer is comfortable with you and comfortable with the product.

Speaker 1  07:33
The best thing to do is when you obviously you guys have the 3d So you build off their quote, you give them all the numbers, and you answer every single one of the questions and that's the end USA. Is there. Any other questions you have on this building? And if there's not and then you follow that up with immediately with Are you ready to get started? And you make them answer first when they talk for the first one that talks and even if it's five minutes of awkward silence, you make them talk first because at some point they're probably going to get by on edge. Yeah. I mean, I've made people do that before and they didn't have buyer's remorse. It's just you know, they didn't want to most people don't want to say no especially in person. And so asking that question has been Oh, yeah, yeah, absolutely. I mean, but if it's what they need, if it solves a problem, and they're happy with it, they have no reason to say no. And so yeah, I mean, that's you can, you can push them toward a close without being pushy. But it's just not be easy to solve this problem. Hey, let's get going. With soccer.

Unknown Speaker  09:18
Right

Speaker 1  09:24
right, which in that's good, you know, and you still have people like that. Yeah, and those are the ones that you know, my priority needs some time to think about. So we follow that up. Okay, well, when, when, when, when when's a good time to follow up? And then you call him six times the next day that gets a little aggressive six times.

Unknown Speaker  09:54
Yep. Well, that's exactly what you need to do end up. Did you end up closing?

Unknown Speaker  10:12
Yeah.

Speaker 1  10:20
Oh, yeah. Those are those ringing on us keep follow up. What? So you don't have a lead? Do you have a lead processing system? Like do you have HubSpot and they have all or something like that? Yep, he used to do their Google

Unknown Speaker  10:44
pays big after that.

Speaker 1  10:51
You got to have a system in place and the nice thing for us was that became houses on Victoria because we have complete control and management over that system. So we have a ton of automated integrations that makes our sales guys wanting to rate us so that you don't have to you don't have to remember in the call it tells you

Speaker 1  12:00
Yeah, people respond to check talk is is one of those things we don't, I haven't we haven't used it. And we've also never had good luck on Instagram, or Facebook. That's a whole different ballgame. One thing that you could do, just kind of as a as a quick thing, that's easy. To do. Just take a live video show the lot show different things like you know, show them you guys building something just just have a video post three times a week.

Unknown Speaker  12:55
Yeah, yeah right.

Speaker 1  13:42
And eventually built up a big enough following that people are interested

Unknown Speaker  14:05
yeah

Speaker 1  14:13
okay, well, I mean, yeah, if you want some walkthrough on that, I mean, I could set up an hourly rate and I could you know, come over there or do

Speaker 1  14:39
Yeah, we're, we're steps ahead of what the norm is. And that's yeah, I gave all that credit to our sales system process. And being able to work that efficiently.

Unknown Speaker  15:28
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.

Speaker 1  15:42
Yeah, yeah. And honestly, once you get the systems in place, and they're there running, it kind of takes care of itself. So, yeah, absolutely. If you guys want to ever you know, doesn't want to talk. Well, I'll be happy to come over there. And I'll give you kind of some insight on what we're doing and doesn't work something out. That's what he was.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai