Speaker 1  00:32
There you are. How are you? Hey, good. How are you? Good. I'm going to see if I can switch to my Bluetooth here see if it'll let me

Speaker 2  00:46
I'm a little tired. I didn't get much sleep last night, and had to be at work at six o'clock this morning. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  00:52
that's brutal,

Speaker 2  00:56
yeah, and I don't think I got to sleep till I don't even know if I got to sleep by one o'clock. It was crazy.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
Wow. And

Speaker 2  01:07
then I have meetings until eight o'clock tonight. So yeah,

Unknown Speaker  01:12
hopefully you have a late, late start tomorrow.

Speaker 2  01:15
Yeah, nine o'clock. So yeah, little bit little bit better, but yeah, it's good today because I got eight hours in. So that's always good, yeah, yeah. So remind me where you're located, Colorado.

Unknown Speaker  01:33
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  01:38
so I was thinking,

Speaker 1  01:40
yeah, southwest of Colorado Springs, if you're at all familiar with with Colorado, but

Speaker 2  01:52
cool. What do you want to talk about today? All right, so

Unknown Speaker  01:56
I mean the topic of conversation is, help can mean a lot of things to a lot of different people. Yeah,

Speaker 1  02:11
and I would love to hear you just your natural processing, you know, if we're looking at, well, I feel like I want to, I want to frame this conversation. I have been in the process of chipping away at how I think things should be done and how I seem to best work. And it's, it's more like, I think a great example is how I do social media, which is, Facebook is my playground. When I get inspired based on conversations I've had things I'm thinking about things. Holy Spirit lays in my heart, whatever I share and I post and engage with people there. So I'm building an audience there. But then there's this whole process that my assistant takes, takes that archives, it comes up with content plan, pushes it out to LinkedIn twice a week, pushes it out to an email list twice a week in blog post, and is also categorizing the content in clickup. And we're in the early conversations. Of just told me, she told me on Friday, she's like, you've got enough book to write, you've got enough content to write a book, a great book on time management. If you wanted to energy and energy management, time management, all you have to do is so she's got experience as a developmental editor, and so she's like, eyeing this stuff, itching to organize it. And kind of the, I don't know how familiar you are with him, but one of the authors that I probably identify with the most is GK Chesterton, and he has this great quote in the opening of Orthodoxy, in which he says that there's a there's division of labor, and he's written this book, and nothing on earth would induce him to read it so kind of this compulsive, creative and more and more looking to get into that flow. And now you can appreciate systems, because with predictability, it's just, you know, predictability that it creates, and pretty good at building them when I need to. But I'm really hard for myself. I really hard, and there are containers that work for me and they're containers that don't. And so finding the ones that is very important for my for things to work well for me. So

Unknown Speaker  04:58
you know yourself so well. To do that,

Speaker 1  05:00
yeah, thank you. It's been, it's been a lot of conversations and thinking and reflecting and all that.

Speaker 2  05:12
And you know, that's really a luxury as well, just to think, yeah, I remember my last three years at Dell, I was like, I'm just turning everything off for two hours, because I need to think it really process. It was such a gift, because we just don't afford ourselves in the day to day. You know? It's Go, go, go. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  05:40
still have enough, as much of that as I'd like, but I think because it's such a strong gift, it just comes through. It's kind of like weeds popping out of the out of the ground, and can't help

Speaker 2  05:55
that's wonderful, and that's something that people can learn from you as well.

Speaker 1  06:02
I find it fascinating what stands out to me from other people. Because it's true, I'm obsessed over, you know, I mean, I've had to reorient the learning to know myself around, you know, kind of breaking off. We take on false personas, as as we self protect, and taking that off, and, you know, allowing true self to emerge, what God created and called me to be. But it is definitely something that I've, I have, yeah, I take for granted. So, so here, here is the approximate. I just want to cast a vision, Yeah, or like, kind of, I don't know what this is, but different containers of what it might look like. One is, I have this boxer membership where people basically it's just access to me, and I say unlimited questions, but most people, honestly, like, once a month there's, like, this question. And so to answer your question, a month 400 bucks isn't isn't too bad. So and I

Speaker 1  07:29
just did it experimentally. I was like, I don't know if I'm gonna like it or not. It's been fine. So far, nobody's abused it. And I've always said, look, I've got higher profile clients that I'm working with, and they get my hood space. And I do this, I manage my energy, and it might be I might reply to you in five minutes. It might be 48 hours. It might even be a week. I will get back to you. I'll give you my best answer. But in order to do that, I have flexibility on when I get back to you, but you can ask me as much as you want. So I've been doing that, you know, another, another style that has worked well for me. I've got a client where I'm on a weekly 90 minute call. We talk through marketing, sales, profitability, just any kind of issue that they're working with. So there's kind of the one on one component, there's there's another client that I'm looking to bring on a similar capacity. There's also more hands on some, some clients with more hands on stuff. And that's more like a, you know, five to five to six to anywhere from five to 10 to 15 hours a week, depending on the client, another container that I haven't Well, I have done a monthly mastermind before with small business owners. I

Speaker 1  09:03
I don't know why I've had trouble with the question whether the conventional mastermind of I am here to hold space and facilitate conversations. I'm too opinionated and probably have too much expertise and enjoy talking too much to

Matthias Miller  09:25
really be that kind of a person. I want to grill you in question. Then I want to like and find out where the where the life, where's what's working, what's aligned, what's practically worked. How can I pull experience and all that stuff and integrate that in the direction that it points you?

Speaker 2  09:47
That to me, sounds maybe like coaching,

Speaker 1  09:52
not the convention. I mean, I think it still is more of an I would describe the holding the space thing. As coaching, and I would describe that more as consulting with proper diagnosis. Great quote, prescription without without proper diagnosis is malpractice, and so I don't always do it perfectly, but it's much more. There is still a bit of this. Sometimes it's tactical, like, well, you should do this, or let's just go sit down and write the email that you need to send, or put in your sequence. Or, I don't know what, sometimes it's more like, here's the problem. I can tell you how you should think about your problem, but I can't tell you what the answer should be, because only you know that that's a very common my brain works very much in parallel. Like, there's always specific situation. There's also the generalization. There's the, you know, there's the tactical implementation. I mean, there's also how think about problem. Often, there's kind of, many of my answers are both, um, one thing that's worked very well for me has done kind of the live performing art Hot Seat type of a thing where go get an audience and go pull somebody out of the audience and ready to sit and go tell me What the problem is, and let's start the conversation. And all the better when there's a little bit of pressure to perform, when there are people in the audience listening and watching and, you know, kind of dial in. I haven't done it a lot, but I've had, I've had success a few times. They've done that. I I haven't tried this particularly, but there's also the kind of the four man intensive style, where it's two days, four people, four clients, all in a room. Everybody gets half a day. And, you know, significant amount of the benefit is listening to other people's challenges and how they get solved and just kind of like, breaks you out of your tunnel vision.

Unknown Speaker  12:16
Yeah, I haven't done

Speaker 1  12:18
that, but I think that's one that would work really well for me,

Speaker 2  12:22
that's a little bit about what Andy did when he did some of his can't remember what he called his conference for business executives.

Unknown Speaker  12:33
Yeah, his executive retreat kind of

Unknown Speaker  12:37
that might be what it was.

Speaker 1  12:42
I played around with other types of more formal masterminds, like, let's meet in person every quarter. Let's, you know, Zoom calls between or two and a half hour. Zoom calls every other month, of people. Again, it just depends how much it's holding space and how much is actually consulting. I think I'm a better consultant than a facilitator, or I enjoy. I can make myself facilitate, but I often get frustrated because I make connections that other people don't, and so some of my facilitation can be kind of trying to lead them somewhere without, you know, overtly laying things out. Um, hmm, you know other big gaps, so finding the container is one. Who is my people has been a continued question. How do I define it? Because I don't have your traditional markers. Will have, oh, what's your niche? What's your industry? Are they male or female? Are they 40 years old or 50 years old? And that's not been how I work. And then the other question too, is

Speaker 1  13:58
other big missing pieces that I see, or I asked you a question and I'm answering it. I'll let you speak into it, trust me. But like the actual facilitating the event, the setting, the pricing, the whole sales and marketing process of like literally getting people into a room, there's also the question of what precedes all of this, which it would be really helpful. I think I'm at the point with my Facebook process that I could have enough content that's been generated that I can I'm starting to take a look at how can I build a marketing campaign to build my email list so that I get a list of people and can build a wait list. Another thing that I'm very interested in is I just posted recently about constraints and placing your constraint appropriately. One of the ideas I heard from, from someone recently that I really, really liked, was the idea of having a wait list, building and maintaining a wait list, capping out new clients on a particular basis. So even for example. Example, we do Okay? Another, another model that I thought about is just private consulting days, and that's virtually in person. And you know, this point, I'm busy enough. I don't I don't want to do well. I have to phase things out to do more than maybe two and then maybe max three or four. But so I'm happy having a limited number, and I'm really, really happy when I've got a wait list of, sorry guys like and we can kind of control. You can scale up and scale down. But I'm happy if people to have a wait list of, you know, at least some wait list of people who are looking to work with me in some capacity. That's the best place to have a constraint in the business, in my opinion. Yeah. So there's the high level summary. I guess. The question back to you is,

Speaker 2  16:00
I want to ask, I wanted to ask you also, you talked about your assistant. She handles emails, blog posts, and did you say, like, does she handle Facebook? Or do you do that?

Speaker 1  16:13
I post everything directly to Facebook. I try being like, Hey, I'm going to rank this on, you know, in this little editor, and it'll go into a folder and it'll get published. And I am notoriously impatient, and I hate it, and so I was like, I'm just going to post directly, and there's no filter between me and Facebook, Facebook audience. Whenever I went through

Speaker 2  16:37
you said email, blog post, and what else does she do? Categorize on clickup. And there was something else I thought you said, these also get posted to LinkedIn. LinkedIn, okay, that's what I was going to ask you about. I haven't looked at LinkedIn lately, but I

Unknown Speaker  16:57
want to take a look at your post there too. I want to see who's responding and what they're saying and,

Speaker 2  17:12
yeah, that's what I like. I was curious about who the audience was. Like, how how would you start that? How would you sustain it. What your vision was for that, in terms of frequency and amount of time, in person, virtual? Can you do you have in mind a combination of any of those, or where do you work best in all of that?

Speaker 1  17:47
I need creativity and variety, I guess. Okay, let's talk amount of time. I'm trying to restrict travel right now. Got a young family and so a client wants me to go on site. And so the stipulation is, yes, but you're going to pay for, you know, you're going to pay for as part of the engagement, whatever, but you're going to pay for a family vacation in November, flying eight people on a direct flight from the springs to somewhere on the East Coast, which, you know, so it's things like that. So limited travel. I do sometimes enjoy a break from zoom calls, but zoom calls are okay. It's much easier to take notes when I'm on a zoom call. I do sometimes like phone calls, just because I get to walk and I can, you know, I don't know, be outside walking, have a conversation. That's good for me. So I think a blend of virtual in person. I don't really feel like it has to be one or the other. The other major thing is, you know, I don't know. I

Speaker 1  19:08
so I don't know like I'm peering back my investment in mentorship and Masterminds slowly. I'm not quite sure how that's going to fall out, but the business needs anywhere from 20 to 25k a month, and with a, you know, poor man intensive at 7500 a seat.

Unknown Speaker  19:37
It was, you could easily cut the whole thing down to I It sounds kind of crazy to me, but two working days a month

Speaker 1  19:47
if you've got a study full of those people, but I don't really. I enjoy working. I don't. I don't want to. I don't want a vacation. I. I want to be there for my kids as a kid, me too. I want some flexibility to there's a, I don't know, a occupational therapy appointment, and we need a babysitter, and for me to have some flexibility, at some level, to say I'm out this part of this day. Again, the more that they can plan ahead, the more that can be planned ahead, the more that you know personal schedule can be arranged around work events as well.

Speaker 2  20:34
Are those ongoing? Or is it a one time?

Speaker 1  20:40
Others? There's there's a lot of the places and things that are ongoing, that can be, can be planned around. And there's not actually that much of the stuff. It's,

Unknown Speaker  20:50
I didn't mean your family stuff. I meant the four man intensive sessions, like,

Speaker 1  20:55
like, if, if we were to do something like that. No, I mean the way formatting tends is, I've seen that modeled has been go find four people, and it's not necessarily repeated with those four people. It's like a one off, different than a mastermind or something where you typically have a one year membership. Or again, another model that I've seen is something like you get, sounds kind of weird, but, you know, it's a weekly subscription, so x $100 a week gets you access to me in this warmer fashion. I don't really like one of my interests as well, and one of my interests, especially in what I'm doing with my marketing, is to take my knowledge and build a body of work that I can do something with, whether it's an AI access to it, or whether it's books, or whether it's other types of reuse. So within the internet coaching world, there's this common methodology of, we have our weekly call about sales on Tuesday, 11 o'clock, and you jump on and go through the list and you answer these questions, I don't like the cattle through a cattle shoot approach. There's got to be some other way to to deal with it. I would much rather have a I know it sounds like more more nightmare or headache, but I'd much rather have a listen. You get a this long of a call, and, you know, I don't know structure, my my days around private, if there has to be, I don't know how to do that. I'm around like, go ahead, ask your questions. I'm not sure where.

Speaker 2  22:56
Well, I just see like you could do this in many different phases, and have have different options for different people, depending on what they need and what they are, where they are. And I love the fact that your assistant called out a book, because you could easily make that into some type of a course that people could go through, and then you could interact with them periodically to answer questions and build on that and really so into them so they get that message. That's one thought there. But even with you know, a group of people that you know want to dive in. There may be some that you know aren't quite ready for the depth that you bring, and they need to kind of put their toes in the water. So what kind of option could you provide for them as a gateway into that intensive, full blown. Just some thoughts,

Speaker 1  24:07
yeah, there's another kind of quote container, which is, I've seen it two ways. It's, it's a, it's the full day version of the, you know, consulting for entertainment and results. So you have three people who pay three or four people, or whatever the number is, who pay a higher fee for hot seats. Other folks pay to be in the room. It's partially networking. It's partially like just exposure. It's all of that stuff, but it gives it a flavor. So you can have that with here's a single call, and there's all kinds of ways that you can frame even the single call. It's like, Look, if you're not ready to pay for consulting, you can have a free call and it's going on YouTube. No problem. If you want to pay a consultant, call it. Like, or, you know, it's like, it's like, a free consulting for YouTube. It's if, if I want to do that, and if we can get quality enough people for that. Or it's a, you know, consulting at a discounted rate, but you're going to have X number of people listening in or, or you're going to have private, one on one shorter consulting call, or you have a and in each of those, just kind of, if you put this in a grid, you can have a one hour format, or whatever the time frame should be. You can have a one day format, and then you can have an annual format. And some of those combinations might not make sense, but

Speaker 2  25:51
one of my thoughts and concerns is, and you may have figured out how to do this, I don't know how you do it, but protecting those who are in the hot seat to you know, because there's onlookers that won't protect that person and you you want to create that environment for that vulnerability, but yet also make something available where it's an invitation for others to be vulnerable as well.

Speaker 1  26:28
Yeah, I think it's solved by two things. One is extended exposure to me, and if they can tolerate me for an extended period of time, then the chances are that they share some values, and there's never really a complete guarantee. And I think the other thing too is, again heartening, back to post today, but just

Speaker 1  26:58
dealt fairly quickly in a conversation with somebody or I can, you can't tell completely. Kind of have a situation with a client that's a little sideways but, but typically, the the higher the investment, the more the higher quality, the person it is as well. But I don't know that you can get it perfect either.

Speaker 2  27:29
I wouldn't expect perfect. I mean, I'm good with messy. Took me a long time to get there, but I love Messi.

Unknown Speaker  27:42
That's awesome.

Speaker 2  27:45
Well, because I know it's transformation, and I know stuff is happening, though you may not believe it. In the moment, I just did a responded to somebody's post today, she was crying, and I'm like, she goes, When is this going to stop? I'm like, This is fabulous,

Unknown Speaker  28:02
yes, yes.

Speaker 2  28:06
And I went on to explain, why not just write fabulous, like, I'm mocking her or anything, but like, this is so wonderful that you are where you are. Yes. Um, so what do you want to do with this? Like, what do you what do we do next? Like, do we need to build some more of this out? What are you thinking?

Speaker 1  28:33
Well, I mean, oh, throw this out there. I've, I've considered as well. I actually have a post somewhere way back, talking about this, and I had some people who were interested, kind of a camp, Camp Fireside Chat with like, just storytelling and lessons and philosophizing and, you know, in person, event of some kind, possibly, pretend, probably, I don't know. So I'm a big fan of what is naturally emerging.

Speaker 1  29:21
So increasingly, just through what I'm doing on Facebook, there are people starting to kind of organically reach out and say, Can we have a conversation? Can I pay you to Yeah?

Speaker 1  29:39
The nice thing about in well, so

Speaker 1  29:49
I would be very hesitant to jump into a one year program, try to launch and fill a one year program at this point. Um. I think I

Speaker 1  30:35
I really beyond what I'm doing now. I really don't know if I've got a good answer.

Speaker 3  30:42
I it could be,

Speaker 1  30:56
could be reaching out to the folks who are engaging with my content, or having a conversation with me and saying, hey, just, you know, just literally getting on the phone with all of them and saying, Hey, I'm looking to put something together. Here's some ideas. Is there any of these that you you'd be drawn to? I

Speaker 2  31:23
i like the idea of the fireside chat and storytelling because that really is a more non threatening way to engage and To start opening up ideas and get people thinking. I

Unknown Speaker  32:04
I like your nature of it.

Unknown Speaker  32:09
And everybody loves a good fire.

Unknown Speaker  32:21
And they could come to Colorado or or do it virtually.

Speaker 1  32:30
I think this is a little bit of, I mean, I wrestled with this a little bit. I'm not sure that it's an either or. I think it might be a both and. But how much to focus on geography.

Unknown Speaker  32:43
And

Speaker 1  32:48
yeah, you got a friend of mine who runs a lawn care business, and he bought YouTube ads. And Hey, Hi, I'm Anthony, and I'm your lawn care guy and dumped a ton of money into local YouTube. And everybody was like, Oh, I mean, at first everybody was mad at him. They're like, Oh, you're the obnoxious YouTube Anthony guy, like, keep interrupting my YouTube videos. And finally they get to know him, and they're like, Oh, hi, there's Anthony. We know Anthony. So becoming a, I'd want to go beyond Union City, where I'm at, but, you know, becoming a kind of niche celebrity via some very focused, you know, kind of a coming out of spring celebrity campaign

Unknown Speaker  33:40
could be

Speaker 1  33:42
is well within reach. So I don't know what the video content would look like, but, you know, direct traffic to the website. We target website videos across Facebook. You know, Facebook and YouTube predominantly, probably and, you know, I

Speaker 2  34:13
I'm just thinking, Oh, and what if you could do something where you have people come, and I don't know how this work, but because I think from audio perspective, but I was just thinking like, what if you had people who would fly in, or that are local and then offer, offer a virtual aspect as well, so you can have some in person and some virtual, I don't know, just a thought on that one

Speaker 1  34:43
can be done. It takes special equipment, special equipment, like a 360 degree camera, to do it. Well,

Speaker 2  34:53
hate this 360 cameras. I'm sorry. I have a real aversion. Into some of the AV that people are using nowadays. I have to, I facilitate a zoom call for a group, and they want to use this owl 360 thing, and oh my gosh, I want to strangle the guy, but he's in Florida and I'm in Pennsylvania, like you got to do away with that thing. It does not work. And then I have another call that I'm on. It's not 360 but it's in a conference room, and he's speaking to that thing, to the conference camera. Oh my gosh. Like I need to help you people.

Speaker 1  35:35
Yeah. I mean, I think to be for most cases, simple events. I'm going to guess the best thing is having two versions of the event, a virtual and in person,

Speaker 2  35:50
unless you do it more like if you were to do it in, like a meeting room or something, you know, not necessarily outside campfire. But

Speaker 1  36:01
I suppose if, well, I guess this depends on how much conversation and audience participation there is, because there's not that much, and that's that also makes a big difference. Yeah. I

Speaker 2  36:26
What if you did some fireside chats and pulled obviously, you're going to record it to the best of your abilities and then start extracting those for social media as well, YouTube, LinkedIn, Facebook, to give people a taste of what that looks like you in action. You know, maybe you're doing that, and I just don't know that yet.

Speaker 1  36:54
No, I'm not doing anything like that right now. I mean, I think that could be a great I mean, you could pull Facebook reels and other things like that from that, if you wanted to. Yeah, I

Speaker 2  37:26
I think, you know, the visual aspect of it, giving people the ability to see you in action.

Speaker 1  37:39
Yeah, so, I mean, so my marketing philosophy has shifted from show, don't I mean, from shifted to show, don't tell. I think my big breakthrough, one of my big breakthrough scheme last year about this time, where one of my mentors basically said, Can you give yourself permission for 30 days not to have an elevator pitch and just tell stories, which is really awkward at first, but it's been become so comfortable, and I mean, and so stories are one way for people to I have the opinion that most of The World leads very uninteresting lives and not insignificant, number of my followers are consuming my content because they're living vicariously. I, you know, can't confirm or deny, but I have kind of a hunch that that's the case. And I think too, when you have a complex, I become comfortable with the fact that I am building a celebrity brand or not celebrity, but personality brand, and it's not a simple elevator pitch, and the more that people can get exposure into what it's like through experience, the better I

Unknown Speaker  39:04
um, yeah.

Speaker 1  39:07
I mean, one way to even do this would be facilitating. Also a friend of mine, he does these. So his process is, go invite people on a podcast, interview them, find out whether he even wants to invite them beyond that or not, and then, from there, invite them to what he calls a virtual roundtable. So it's four members, they don't know each other, you know, just looking to you know, what's the biggest challenge or opportunity, and how can people contribute to that? And then, based off of that, he might submit to one year membership. And I think there is a, I think there could be a way of inviting a certain number of people into. A free or low ticket. I don't know exactly what it should be, but

Speaker 1  40:10
basically a sales by consulting like what would be. There's a few different ways to approach it. One would be, hate your business owner. I'm I would love to help you in your business. And you want to find, you know, three or six of your buddies who who are like minded, and here's what you get. I mean, they're your friends. You can trust them. Let's let me do some, you know, do some consulting. You can experience it. They can see what it's like. And you know, something along those lines will be entertaining and valuable for everybody involved.

Speaker 1  41:02
I Andrew, oh, by the way, you we the goal is to make you look like a hero to your friends because,

Unknown Speaker  41:16
oh yeah, you

Speaker 1  41:18
get you give us their names, and we'll orchestrate everything and make sure it's a well run. Whatever happens is well run and well executed.

Speaker 2  41:37
Okay, would that be on then broadcast on like YouTube. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  41:47
that wouldn't be, I feel

Speaker 1  41:53
like at that point you'd be looking for a higher tier, higher tier individuals you can meet their meet their friends and the privacy. I mean, you know, the privacy and confidentiality of it is part

Unknown Speaker  42:06
of the value add.

Unknown Speaker  42:09
Yeah, sounds good. I

Unknown Speaker  42:43
What are you thinking? Yeah, well, I mean, you

Unknown Speaker  42:56
mentioned fireside chats. Are there other things that are jumping up to? I

Speaker 2  43:03
i think the fireside chat jumped out to me, just because I feel like it was something personable, where some people that may not know you as much or really understand the value that you bring could get some exposure to that.

Speaker 3  43:21
I kind of

Speaker 2  43:24
like, build their interest and curiosity, give them giving them a taste of, you know, what you bring to the table. Just me

Speaker 2  43:40
not to say that you can't do the other things. I just kind of felt like that would be a broad brushstroke at this point, introductory. Kind of lay some groundwork, get some exposure.

Unknown Speaker  43:57
What are you feeling? Yeah,

Speaker 1  44:00
I mean, I'm thinking back, I'm kind of wondering why I set it aside. I think perhaps I'm not even sure why I did exactly, perhaps not having the audience, perhaps,

Unknown Speaker  44:10
why not really know they need to know why. My follow up question to you, then would be okay, let's say that you were to be involved in helping with that, with this, with this, helping with fireside chats. Founder, look like to you.

Speaker 2  44:47
You know, it's funny, because, like you and I have now talked for almost two hours, you know, between last week and this call, and I'm like, I don't really know, but I'm up to see what God's up to. So, you know. Know, if it was nothing, it's nothing. And we talked, you know what I mean, like, if it's something more, it's something more, I'd be happy to help facilitate whatever I could do, help you pull some stuff together.

Speaker 2  45:18
I'm not good yet on YouTube and editing and stuff like that. Though I need to be because I have a podcast of my own that I need to be doing, and I haven't done it. And I think that's a funny thing that God's using in our conversations too, because he's nudging me like, come on, when are you going to do yours? So I gotta get my butt moving. I

Speaker 1  45:51
mean, the way I would look at this is two events, one here in Canyon, one in Colorado Springs. I think we need to decide whether it's literally a fireside chat or whether that's just the feel of what is it? Is it inside? Probably honestly, one congruent with myself to have something be inside

Unknown Speaker  46:23
versus, you know, there's

Speaker 1  46:31
definitely a certain kind of feel that I want to create. It's, it's that sense of connection, home, belonging, you know, personable. Storytelling Q, a, you know, whatever seems to me like, much of what this would be like is

Speaker 1  46:58
go, set a date, figure out a few paragraphs on how to describe it. Then, then go figure out, you know, what are the stories I want to tell,

Unknown Speaker  47:19
which can, which doesn't have to be announced beforehand. But then there's also the,

Unknown Speaker  47:27
how do we fill it?

Speaker 1  47:31
So is this a, you know, go message everybody that I know and get them to invite their friends? Is this a I don't think the right thing is the throwing it out there, because is this a go launch Facebook ads and see if you can get people to show it that way.

Speaker 2  48:02
So have you thought about, like, what would it need to look like financially for you to pull this off? And like, I was also writing down like, what are the what would success look like? What are the overall goals, you know, financial time, etc, like, what what do you want the result to look like? Not that it's going to look a certain way, but what do you want to deliver?

Speaker 1  48:36
I think it's a very I think I think success looks like people having a clear, clearer picture of my value prop and a

Speaker 1  48:57
and moving them one step closer to working With me, recording people to work with me, you know, something along those lines, if order for them to figure out they really don't like this guy, which is fine, too.

Speaker 1  49:19
I mean, I don't view this. I view this as a mass sales tool, typically on events. You know, most events are, you know, kind of break even

Speaker 1  49:32
on the front end, like, if you can cover your event, which event costs are pretty low you've got, you've got an AV guy or some kind, maybe you've got some snacks for freshmen, whatever. I don't know what, what exactly you have. You've got the space, but I can't imagine that you've got more than about. $1,000 into it. Probably, probably do it for substantially less.

Unknown Speaker  50:12
So do you charge a nominal registration fee to get people to charge now the registration fee to offset that? Maybe, not. I feel like I get a clear sense of that really, the biggest thing is there's a bunch of legwork. So

Speaker 1  50:42
I um, of the thought of needing to promote an event to fill it,

Unknown Speaker  51:09
that's, that's the

Speaker 1  51:13
that's the real stickler. So if there would be this, would be like the perfect, in my mind, the perfect person, which seems pretty challenging to find, but go find the perfect extroverted salesperson who knows everybody who I want to talk to, or who I want to have in the Room and and and who understands a bit of my of who I am, like think, who are the hyper connected people in the respective spaces who would be delighted to get paid. I don't even know what um

Speaker 1  52:06
it might not be the right number, but delighted to get paid $50 for every person who shows up every Yeah.

Speaker 2  52:22
So you thinking that person is going to promote you? Is that what your thought was on that

Speaker 1  52:26
that's, I guess, the question. But I don't know if that's a question of avoidance, like to avoid, you know what? What is the way? What is the way to I don't know. Do

Unknown Speaker  52:40
you know someone like that? It knows you.

Unknown Speaker  52:58
Good two people who might do it. I I don't know how welding they'll leave it. I

Speaker 2  53:32
could you do like a sample recording? Maybe, you know, just like real type, R, E, E, L, L, type recording of a video, like a sample of the stories, or a sample of, like a moment of aha, kind of thing for someone. And I'm thinking too, like that. If I were on your email list and got that, I'd be like, Yeah, I want to go to that event. Then I also want to tell my friends. So how do I explain this to my friends who don't really know who you are, and I could have that like media piece just to show to them and say, here's, here's a taste of who it is, and you need to be here. I feel

Speaker 1  54:21
like some of that can be solved with a good biography. Okay, so I like the I like the video, snapshot idea. Some of it can be solved with a good biography. And if we're going after regional market, some of it can be solved with reputable endorsements. So if you have these four people say, I should be there, and maybe it's even a I mean, it's all in how you want to stage it, how your long term play. But it could be, go find the influencers and say. Look, I'm doing a VIP event. It is just for you guys, you, you, you, and you, it's gonna be small group, and this is what it's gonna be, and then, and then, on the heels of that, it's like, Hey, I would like to, I would love to offer this to the people that you know. Would you be willing to promote it? And then you've got a bigger a bigger audience.

Speaker 2  55:28
Yeah, one of those two people already know you start with them,

Speaker 1  55:35
yeah. And it could be very easy conversation to them to say, hey, who else is on your level that you think should be there? I'm looking to make this a private event. And it could even be, I mean, with something like that, we're gonna find a meeting room somebody's house. I don't know what it is, and, you know, I'm gonna buy everybody's steaks or, you know, I don't know what it is at that level. You know you're talking five, maybe 10 people

Unknown Speaker  56:06
and and

Speaker 1  56:21
you specifically target people who are audience, builders and connectors.

Speaker 2  56:31
Well, I'm like in steak dinner idea, get a personal chef and have them come in and cook steak dinners. I'll fly out there for that. I

Speaker 2  56:55
I'm sure you have some amazing houses in Colorado that, like, even if you rented an Airbnb type place or something like that. That would be, you know, someplace has a fire pit or something.

Speaker 2  57:12
Then just goes back to, what do you want to spend on it? What do you want to charge on? How does that work? And maybe your first one's free or not as much, I don't know. I see to me, I would want to kind of build out a like a, here's where we're going with this, because I don't want to just do one and at the end. So I want to kind of brainstorm, like, what's next? What else will carry the message of what you want to do here? So when people do come to this and they'll be like, Well, what's next?

Speaker 3  57:58
Yes, yep, yep.

Unknown Speaker  58:04
So, just some thoughts,

Unknown Speaker  58:08
all right, um,

Speaker 2  58:12
I'm always there for steak and potatoes. I'm just kidding, but not kidding. No, I mean, I do love a good steak of potatoes, but I'm kidding about, you know that I have to be there and all that, but I would, I'd fly out for that. I'd love to see that in action.

Unknown Speaker  58:36
Um, interesting.

Unknown Speaker  58:59
What's brewing? So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  59:12
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  59:14
would you do this for one you'd play out for one evening? Lucas, sure.

Speaker 2  59:25
No, because it'll give me an understanding of what you're doing and who's doing it, who's joining in with you, and kind of get a feel for where it's going to go from there. I

Speaker 2  59:46
i or none. I mean, I mean, I don't have to fly out there. I can, no,

Unknown Speaker  59:51
I mean, I'm not, I'm not

Speaker 2  59:55
another way, but I'm, I'm open to that. I'm one who like I pick. Up vibes, and that tells me more than words could ever tell me,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:05
right?

Speaker 2  1:00:08
So I usually choose to be somewhere.

Speaker 1  1:00:16
You know? The question I naturally ask myself is, if I did this, how many more people would join in? How many? How many, how many other people, if you would fly in from out of state, and then they know you're looking to be, you know, potentially more involved and just seeing where this goes. But who else would

Speaker 2  1:00:32
exactly, well? And that's the thing. Like, don't necessarily live in it. Like, put it out there. Say, here it is, me. It doesn't. You mentioned a regional market. But does it have to be no market to everybody that's on your list and just you know, let them know that it's happening and see who, who God wants to have there might be surprised. What if it turned out no one from local And everyone from outside?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:20
Yeah, there's something there.

Speaker 1  1:01:32
Well, the very clear next step could be, hey guys, Max, four of you are coming back, and we're going to spend two days and we're going to drill down your business. And I mean, it could be the lead into format intensive. You

Speaker 2  1:02:04
and that's an interesting idea, too. Like, what if somebody wanted more that weekend? Like, if you did it on a weekend, like, say, for example, you did it maybe, like on a Friday night, you had the fireside chat, and then on Saturday, some people wanted to stay and do like a drill down kind of thing, and get a taste of that. So they're, you know, they could fly out the next evening or something, you know, but it would give them an opportunity to maximize their travel there too, yeah, their investment. I don't know some of this. I don't know because I don't know all of what you're bringing and how this would flush out. So that's why sometimes I just know yet.

Speaker 2  1:03:13
The other thing I was thinking about too is, you know, LinkedIn and Facebook, you already put questions out there to people. If you want to know more contact you could you even do something like, pick three things here, like, how would you like to engage? Either have an open ended question on, how would you like to engage? What would help you in your business? And then, you know, try another post. It says, Do you want to do a fireside chat? Would you come to Colorado for that? You know, just try a couple different ideas and see what people are in for. In

Speaker 1  1:03:56
my mind, I don't know who my audience is, but the truth is, I know who my audience is, so I've got fellow consultants, for example, get up into my who runs a software company for structural engineers,

Speaker 1  1:04:21
who might actually hop on a plane. Some of these guys are, I don't think of as potential clients. I think of these more as you know first friends versus potential clients,

Speaker 2  1:04:38
but, but they know you, and they could be influencers that encourage and lead and promote you to others. I mean, anytime you want change to happen, you go to the influencers, right, the champions.

Speaker 1  1:04:52
I think with a good number of these, we could say, I.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:00
I'm a little torn on this.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:08
There's quite a number of folks that

Unknown Speaker  1:05:17
would potentially

Unknown Speaker  1:05:21
lay out for something like this.

Speaker 2  1:05:24
When you have previous other clients that you've done things with, that would give you endorsements. What would you know? Could you get something from them? Well, so

Speaker 1  1:05:39
I mean, here's, there's a great email from under the list that I'm on about putting together your two pounds of proof, a little FedEx, little FedEx box.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:58
I mean, I feel like some of the some of my peers would pretty quickly give me some kind of would be surprised that My peers would fairly quickly Give me an endorsement. I

Speaker 1  1:06:43
But if, if I were to make a list of

Speaker 1  1:06:57
who are all the people who would be delighted? Okay, I don't, I can't make the connection yet to how this grows the business. It's probably the biggest barrier. But if I said which of these guys might be interested in hopping on a plane and and showing up for this.

Speaker 1  1:07:39
That might be, I guess where I was going with this is that might in itself, be telling who are the people who are drawn to the work that I do. It's like, who are the people who really see me as as as a peer, as a who find me interesting. And there might be some things to there might be some interesting things to observe.

Speaker 2  1:08:14
There. Do you have information? I'm sure you do, but about your consulting business and like a picture of how you could go from these gatherings and exchanges to your your consulting business, you know. And I go back to your post too, about like, what are your What were you told to build? Right?

Speaker 2  1:08:47
Sometimes we build without knowing where we're going, what we're doing and what the outcome looks like. And sometimes we know some of that.

Speaker 1  1:09:04
Yeah, I mean, there's so much stuff that's a stir fry right now. I mean, I have the draft of a book outline, or something along the lines of the synchronizer, referring to that person who takes opposing takes. People or departments or things in the business that are apparently at odds and reconciles them, sales versus marketing, sales versus apps, R and D versus finance, visionary versus integrator, or, you know, ops, you know, ops director or whatever, I.

Speaker 1  1:10:09
I know I don't have a clear picture of, yeah, that's just one example. I'm not sure.

Speaker 2  1:10:21
Well, I just, I felt some weight on this as you were describing this synchronizer, and it just made me think also of someone, someone else, who wrote a book. And I can't even remember which book it is. I've read so many books in the past two years. I

Speaker 2  1:10:44
uh, but they never realized the importance of writing the book. They just did the work. They were just them, right? They wrote the book and it went nuts. Um, because people needed the information that this person had, and it just became something they had no idea how important capturing all of that information was in the book, and it drove everything else. I kind of feel that weight with what you're doing here, that that book is going to be key to, not the only key, but it's going to, it's going to have a lot of value in community. Communicating what you're doing and setting people free and realigning people and, you know, just to think, you know, in a company, get people in the to remember they're on the same team, a little thing, right?

Speaker 2  1:12:06
I really feel some weight on that one, that synchronizer, all right?

Speaker 2  1:12:17
Is that your working title or concept, or what is that? The synchronizing

Speaker 1  1:12:21
working title slash concept I'm looking for, particularly looking for a noun word that captures, you know, the identity of the person I looked at, things like synergize or harmonizer, synthesizer, trust broker, peace broker, orchestrator, but the synchronizer is the one that that so far has resonated the most of myself and what I'm trying to communicate. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:01
that's great. I'm excited when you can have it done.

Speaker 1  1:13:11
I have an outline. It's really probably about i It might be bad as much about booking a b and b and locking myself into a room for three days to get the rough draft out.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:38
It needs to happen. It's just

Unknown Speaker  1:13:46
that's great, just getting it out,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:51
things competing for attention.

Speaker 2  1:13:54
I think in that process, you're going to get some clarity that you don't quite have now, like, I think you, you have all the parts. I think there's just going to something that's going to pop out to you dramatically as you're going through this process.

Speaker 2  1:14:16
And then, like, that other book, I just keep feeling that other book, like you had no idea how important that book was.

Speaker 1  1:14:26
Yeah. I mean, I've ever, and I've heard that from different, different sources as well. I've also have, I don't know if you've read it, written this book as well.

Speaker 2  1:14:39
No, no, which? I've been

Speaker 1  1:14:43
contemplating, running it through an editorial process and republishing it as the myth of the self made millionaire. Oh, um.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:02
That'd be interesting. I

Unknown Speaker  1:15:29
do you have other books that you've written?

Speaker 1  1:15:31
Kids book called Zephyrs box instead of out of print because the Christian publishing company got in trouble with the Attorney General, Oklahoma, okay, yep, alrighty. And that one to republish, it needs some textual changes, some content changes, tweets and so I don't have any source files that would mean re illustrating and redoing the book, and it's simply not, let's say, Legacy thing, not a, Yeah, there's no real money in it right now. I

Speaker 3  1:16:20
I mean,

Speaker 1  1:16:40
the fun thing about the book, then, is it opens up opportunities for podcasts, speaking engagements, stages, business cards, you know, two pounds of proof, all that stuff. And so, I mean, it is worth taking a look at. I mean, maybe, maybe that actually proceeds for kind of coming back around, you know, maybe, maybe that precedes all the all this other stuff,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:09
rewriting, winning together. You mean, no, I

Unknown Speaker  1:17:12
mean the synchronizer book. Yeah. I

Speaker 2  1:17:27
Yeah, and take a look at that too, and see if you can start diving into that, because there's things to be unlocked in that pieces that are going to be put together in ways that you hadn't seen it before.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:44
I think the big question, sitting back broader question, I've got

Speaker 1  1:18:02
a question for you, who are some of your top heroes, people you admire? Hmm, it's an

Unknown Speaker  1:18:15
interesting question,

Speaker 2  1:18:21
and I can't think of any in particular off the top of my head, but the people that I look for are they like day to day, People around me that have overcome tremendous odds,

Speaker 2  1:18:42
the unsuspecting person that made it through or like inventors. You know, there's a lot of women inventors that people don't talk about. There's a lot of men inventors too, that people don't talk about. Like that really changed the world, but we really kind of look over them. We just kind of look past them, those unsuspecting underdog, kind of people that really had a huge impact on the world, and they didn't seek their own recognition for it. They just sought to serve the world.

Speaker 1  1:19:28
So, I mean, you know, you know Stephanie, you guys go back to the SSM days, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:36
A little bit back then.

Speaker 1  1:19:40
Like, what are the things about Stephanie that you appreciated?

Speaker 2  1:19:53
Not sure how I can describe but like, level headed, she is. Is, you know, she doesn't just get tossed by the wind. She is she's got a firm foundation. She's a champion of people. She wants to see people win and have all they're supposed to have in life and be who they were supposed to be, who they were created to be, and fulfill that role, and to think what she went through in terms of her accident and surviving that and the comeback. You know, it's pretty amazing.

Speaker 1  1:20:45
So what are some of the things about myself that you appreciated? You're a deep thinker, you.

Speaker 2  1:21:10
You care more about what God wants than what you want, or other people. That's my take on you. I

Speaker 2  1:21:25
i go where God tells you to go, and that's what I feel like. You just follow Holy Spirit and wherever, wherever Holy Spirit, it's like, like what I say, like, if you're going with me, God, I'll be there all day long, all day, every day. If you're not, I don't want to be part of it. I love how creative you are. I love how confident you are. Also some of those things scare the living daylights out of me. I I like that you're thinking about the future, because sometimes I'm barely thinking about where I am today, worried about what happened yesterday. I'm working on that. I'm healing. I'm healing.

Speaker 1  1:22:23
What are some of your favorite hobbies or pastime?

Speaker 2  1:22:29
Well, my one of my biggest pastimes is spending time with my grandson. So that's first and foremost, anything I want to do with my free time, it's with him. But secondly, finding seashells. And I love beachcombing. It's a huge passion of mine. That's what the podcast is going to be about, when I get to it, you know, just about how incredibly unique they are. And I mean, just to see God in all of these seashells and hell, and I mean, there are zillions of them. Like, I walked on the beach for a couple times. I'm like, yeah, there's a whale, there's a scallop, there's this, there's that. And the more I look into them, there's, like, There's hundreds of them, just on Sanibel Island alone. And you know, all sizes, and I love the really teeny, tiny one. So like I know, I've been called to bring this education and insight and a community together around seashells, and that's something I I'm called to build. I just haven't done it yet.

Speaker 1  1:23:42
I All right, so just an observation many times, who things we admire other people are reflection here ourselves, so clues into who you might be, a day to day person who's overcome tremendous odds, an unsuspecting person who made it through, an inventor, somebody who doesn't seek her own recognition, just looking to serve the world, Not always widely talked about. You may be level headed, not tossed by the wind from foundation champion of people, wanting to see people win, wanting to see people have all they're supposed to have to be who they're created to be, to see them fulfill that role, having come through, having come through your own setbacks, things to survive, and you're a comeback person, probably a deep thinker, probably you also care more about what God thinks than about what you want or other people want. And also high value for going where God tells you to go, following the Holy Spirit where he leads, winning his presence, more than the the with him, more than the what

Unknown Speaker  1:25:15
creative,

Speaker 1  1:25:19
probably much more competent than you know. And you know, there is something that you admire about future thinking. So there may actually, you know right now, it might not feel like you are that person, but that person might actually be kind of underneath the layers,

Speaker 2  1:25:43
yeah, definitely, that's for sure, that it just makes me want to cry that you captured all that, and thank you for that.

Speaker 1  1:25:49
Well, not done. You're okay. And you see, I would say that what you do with seashells, you probably do with people. You see the details of their uniqueness once you get up close and you see the nuance of what makes them be who they are,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:13
and and also, I suspect that, well, yes, and also you are insightful, and you are I don't know what the right term is, but

Speaker 1  1:26:36
well, but there's probably also things about how you would describe the community that you're looking to Build,

Speaker 1  1:26:50
curiosity, wonder, connection.

Speaker 1  1:27:00
You know, informed, educated learning that are likely also descriptors of yourself as well. Well, thank you for that. Jordan. Oh, is that what's worth

Speaker 2  1:27:19
the price of admission? Good. Mr. Gracious, I'm heading towards future thinking like, that's like a goal of mine to like, not live in the future, live in the present, but also be thinking of that and healing is bringing me there, which thank you for noting that, because I've been on a major healing journey in the past two years, and it's just been astounding, the healing that I've grabbed hold of, and it's pretty spectacular. Yeah, before I would have been too scared to even have a conversation with you.

Speaker 1  1:28:06
I am, I am glad that you did the reason. Go ahead.

Speaker 2  1:28:11
I was gonna say I would not have been able to receive any of what you just said, either. So that's really huge. Go ahead and you the reason you do that,

Speaker 1  1:28:22
well, the the subtext of this is that you know different gift makes different experience, all this other kinds of stuff, But

Speaker 1  1:28:40
you also remind me of the kind of person. So I am like this. Stephanie's like this. I've become more like this since working with Stephanie, but integrating the spiritual and the practical and playing that dance between the mystery and the known. You know, there's life on this, but not this. But then there's also the practical question of, where is this leading, which taking that back to Holy Spirit. And I don't know if you recognize it or not, but I kind of feel like that's another component that's you might not be able to put it. I don't know how you articulate that in a resume, but it's probably something that people have observed in the past, in your working pattern, that there's something of wisdom that navigates situations that can't quite put a finger on, but you know what it is, even if they don't so

Unknown Speaker  1:29:57
interesting. I.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:07
Thank you for that. I appreciate that.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:18
That's our repetitive advantage, Holy Spirit, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:21
Yes, it is, yes, it is,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:25
yeah. How do you put that on a resume?

Speaker 2  1:30:32
Actually, that's funny, because I'm working with a gentleman. I'm in a job search accountability group, and this guy's helping me build my resume. And I'm going to ask him that

Speaker 1  1:30:41
that's awesome. I did a my sister rewrite her resume. It's one of those kind of one off things. I think she actually she paid me with a coffee shop gift card then. But we, we went through it, went through life experiences, and like all of it was truth telling. But went from Hey, I'm just little me and I just worked at a nonprofit and these small businesses, to like, no,

Speaker 1  1:31:22
um, look at the outcomes that you've achieved for these people and what you've actually done, the types of events that you've orchestrated, the types of change you've orchestrated in business, where they allowed you the the freedom to do that, the you know, this, that and the other. And it's like, um,

Speaker 1  1:31:43
I think one of the things that happens when, when you're continually in, you know, I don't know what your story is. For me, my story was probably, you know, religion, and you saw my my unqualified posts. It's like you, you not only normalize what you've done, but then you go take one step further, and you downplay it and like just taking it off, taking the taking the, you know, polishing spray to it, and letting it return to its natural, normal, shiny original. This is really what happened. And a lot of us have these little nuggets and stories and things that we've achieved that really are quite incredible. And even as a we think as a w2 it's not that amazing. You know, we were just did this as a w2 and there's these, or as this frontline employee, or as this because of the position that we were in, we downplay the things that we achieved while we were in that position. And, you know, just taking that away, and it's like, no, here is the facts of what happened. Here's what I've done, and allowing that to shine. So hats off to you as you keep

Speaker 2  1:33:05
that's awesome. I love that, and it's interesting to me, because as I go to build my resume, I realized I did not capture my achievements, and it was because I was never really allowed to talk about them or appreciate it or identify it. So I now get to this point where I need stuff to put in my resume, and I don't have anything because I was just doing my job. I was busting my tail to do all these things, and my colleagues were doing all the marketing. They were doing the self promotion, and I was downplaying myself. Just

Speaker 1  1:33:48
interesting. That's interesting. Well, Holy Spirit, can bring that back? Yes,

Speaker 2  1:33:58
yeah, I'm working on that. Definitely. So great conversation. Cool,

Speaker 1  1:34:04
good stuff. I'm gonna have to wrap and deck out good conversation. I'm not quite sure where to go from here.

Speaker 2  1:34:11
Let's see what happens over the next couple days, and maybe we'll get a phone call together early next week, or something, or sounds good, see where we go from here, what evolves in the next week?

Unknown Speaker  1:34:27
All right, sounds like playing.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:30
All right. Take care. Thank you. Bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai