Unknown Speaker  00:33
Hey,

Matthias Miller  00:41
So sorry. I just had to squeeze in one more sales call or one more follow up. Totally good calendar links. They don't respond. The guy was like, I thought you were a scam. And then we're in California. How is that going to work? I'm like, and then finally he's like, I'm sorry, man, I'm just not, I'm not, not it for you. I'm like, no worries, dude,

Speaker 1  01:03
but he had a conversation that's interesting. Did you ask him for a referral or anybody he knows? Oh, no, I would do that like, ad nauseam, in fact. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. And Is this being recorded? Let me add Yeah, my recorder got confused, because when I shared the invitation, I shared my own custom meeting link. Just a minute I gotta it's alright, that's what they call assumptions. Let me just figure out how to add this. Add to meeting, paste the URL. Here it comes. I think see my recorder in your waiting room? Maybe, yep, yeah, if you can just throw that in. Okay, awesome, awesome. So a couple things off the top of my head, and you tell me what Audra can do or whatever, but if she's available to help with this, so when I she can come back around with a version of that. Do you know anybody else question like she can even check for conversations you missed and follow up with that, like, if they close the door like, Hey, I'm not a good fit or whatever, but then you forgot to, you know, ask them for a referral or for recommendation. She can do that. The other thing is that any of these contacts, so I've mentioned 100 times that I spent the summer building, droids and SMS people, a really big component of that is what that guy calls bump messages, which is, you send the SMS and if they do not answer 24 hours later, say something else. 24 hours later, say something else. So in some I have templates if you need swipes, but probably in this case, first time around, if they do not answer in a day or two, a business day or so, send a message. It's like, oh, is this XYZ shed company, you know, or just checking, is this XYZ? She said company, kind of like, as if it was your fault, right? You know what? I mean. It's a very straightforward question. Should get a response. And then I was literally thinking about this earlier, and I had the perfect idea for the third question, and I should have written it down. Well, literally just like checking to see if, if, if you if this got bumped down or something like that. In other words, implying that they lost it in their phone, right? That's probably enough. We can toy that and toy with that and see how far that can be taken. It's also possible that you could close out with a fourth one, because there are people who will read it, they'll be like, I don't know who this is, and just like, ignore it. But if, if there's reason to, we can see how this goes and how many percentage of people don't respond. But then she could, she, and I'm suggesting that Audra can do all of this for you as a routine or somebody, or I'll do it if right, either way. But we can close out with a well, hey, I was trying to get a hold of XYZ shed company. I found you on Google. I'm trying to help. You know, businesses basically a really tiny offer. Even what I said right there was probably too long, but go ahead and send an offer as a closure and then, like won't bug you anymore. But I was, I was looking for a handful of companies in your area to help grow, and you can put a little stinger on it, you know, no problem. I'll move on down the street instead. You know what I mean? You. Right, not to be rude, of course, but just like to say, like, Oh, I'm actually gonna do this with some folks in your area. I thought I'd try you first, because you know you were recommended on Google or something like that. Does that sound good? So, so

Matthias Miller  05:15
let's do this. This guy who just got off the phone with so he's not interested. Nice dude.

Speaker 1  05:36
I've had that feeling before about links, yeah, I would see for as far as time, I would suggest no link, and if we do have to send the link, we better use a URL shortener. I'm thinking, I

Matthias Miller  05:49
agree. I don't think it. I don't think we should. I think we should do it manually. Manually working. Fantastic.

Matthias Miller  06:01
Let's do a little teardrop here, it sounds like a good like cry. I

Matthias Miller  06:20
uh, something like that.

Speaker 1  06:33
Yeah, I have a feeling that's, you know, I'm really bad with with English words, copy communication. I have a hunch that, let me know is not the way to do that, but I cannot think what to do instead. Um, maybe, let's just, maybe just, do you know? I think direct, I think that, yeah, any, do you know, any companies and any other Yeah, any others, probably, right, any other companies who are looking to grow, yeah, I think that's better.

Matthias Miller  07:10
All right, all right, we'll see if we piss them off or not. I'm going to keep them stirred. I'm okay, so let's do this. I want the,

Matthias Miller  07:41
the shed podcast. I had no podcast today, by the way. I'm sorry. What? I had no podcast today, by the way, so

Speaker 1  07:56
only one got scheduled, and the one you had canceled or something?

Matthias Miller  08:01
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  08:05
I'm assuming you told Josh, did he cancel or reschedule?

Matthias Miller  08:10
I don't know yet. He'd be playing today. Okay, okay, so let's go ahead and tell me if I'm too deep in the weeds. Let's, let's, I like to grab out this SMS and shed. Shed SMS, just grab this out. And we were going to change this to

Matthias Miller  08:46
within the week.

Speaker 1  08:49
How about in the next few days? That way you're covered, either way,

Matthias Miller  08:54
I like that

Speaker 1  08:58
a lot. No question mark. I think that, nope.

Matthias Miller  09:04
I mean, he didn't have a question mark. Okay? I think a lot of this is like traffic and funnels used to teach this text like a teenage girl. It just makes it look human and like I'm manually sending out, maybe I'm sending out a bajillion of these, but it looks manual. Yeah. So would you on the follow up? Which one would you do first?

Speaker 1  09:41
I give me a moment. I'm gonna pull up my templates and see if there is any order to them, because I think there's a little pinch of order. I had suggested checking, you know, is this XYZ company as a second? And then. And you know, checking to make, checking to see if this got lost in your inbox, is what I'm used to. But you know, whatever the right word is, there lost in your phone? Um, there's one i

Unknown Speaker  10:28
to apparently,

Speaker 1  10:37
yeah, let's check on their name first and the next one can be

Speaker 1  10:50
the line from the guru. Is just bumping this up in case you got busy before, which is not, not bad, or any variation you want on that theme. I

Matthias Miller  11:08
like that?

Unknown Speaker  11:11
Yeah, that'll work. I

Speaker 1  11:23
so then that last one, I would go ahead and put Yes, so take the got lost in your phone part out, or save that as an alternate split test for the bump line. I would just save that, if you don't mind, I alt under bumping this up and save that little bit. Oh, yeah. Okay, so hey, I'm in chatting, oh, for this one, right, sir, yeah, right. You got it. So then, hey, I'm chatting this in your area.

Speaker 1  12:00
How about you? Okay, here's a good way. Let's kind of repeat the partnership thing. I'm looking I've got a system using it right now to help get more sheds sold in February. Haven't in the area.

Matthias Miller  12:19
I would, I would say this, I would say, hey, still

Speaker 1  12:26
a partner. Exactly repeat the partner bit in your area, you were recommended by Google, and literally he was, he's on a Google search, right? You recommended by Google? Do? Uh, and then you can kind of say what you were saying, uh,

Matthias Miller  12:49
and this is not the right way to say

Speaker 1  12:51
it. Keep keep going. We'll fix it. See if there are others. Um, yeah, and I agree that's a little strong. Um, I'm looking for partners in your area. Tried you because you were recommended by Google.

Matthias Miller  13:12
Let's just do this close the door.

Speaker 1  13:21
Very, good, yeah, yeah, yes, yes, yes, yes, yep. Not change your mind if, if you're interested, or want to know, want to grow, maybe get right to it. Get right to either the pain or the benefit. I uh, grow. Is there a nice way to say that? And of course, we don't want to get too long. Is there a nice way to say that? I don't really quite want to go back to the I have a system, not quite, because if it didn't work the first time, it wasn't, it's not going to be good enough the second time. But I'm thinking, like, basically, if you want to beat your competitor down the street. But like, what's a slightly nicer way to say that? Let me know if you want, if you want to first dibs. No, but that's the idea I'm looking for. Like, basically, hey bud, before I move on, you better speak up. But obviously that's rude. So like, a nice way to say that part

Matthias Miller  14:21
of me just wants to be rude, but that's maybe

Speaker 1  14:30
just drop me a line if you want this first before we move on, before we move on. Yep. How's that happy medium? A little not full on rude

Matthias Miller  14:42
stands in the line, man, just dance.

Speaker 1  14:45
I think that's good if we what we'll learn if we get pushed back or people are like, what's the matter with you? Then we'll change the message. If I remember right, John car as well. Let's see. I got 520, things just ran through my head all at once, someone in Perry land. Used to say, You better dance the line if you're not making a few people mad, you're not aggressive enough. I know for sure John Carlton used to say, write your copy dialed to 11 and then dial it back to whatever you have to for the situation.

Matthias Miller  15:19
Yeah, people say that about refund requests, which you got to be careful with that. But yeah, that's about, um, Alex. Alex Sherman used to say he's like, remember, for every complaint you have that there's for every customer complaints you have 99 people who are, who are complaining with their who are voting with, who are voting for you with their silence.

Unknown Speaker  15:41
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  15:43
so I love these. Well, I mean, because this is I have a ton who haven't replied. Um, now some of them may have blocked me, admittedly, but

Speaker 1  15:57
um, No, that'll be obvious if they block? Well, Apple block, no, I think it goes through that shows up in GHL. You won't be able to send another message if they block. You sweet. Yeah, I would totally do these follow ups. It's the system that I was doing. We're looking at it like a funnel, and it's massive conversion rate uptick, and like, moving down the funnel pipeline.

Matthias Miller  16:24
It's a, it's a classic eight touch points to make a sale kind of thing.

Speaker 1  16:29
Yes, yep. And then, and I'm assuming you're going to turn this into maybe a slightly more descriptive title, SMS, follow up scripts for Audra or something, or SOP or whatever I'm presuming about otter here, but you did mention it yesterday, so kind of jumping on, yeah.

Matthias Miller  16:48
I mean, I don't know for sure, and I am dumping stuff on her if there's an easy way to, let's say this, cancel so

Speaker 1  16:57
we can automate this in the workflow with a wait timer right here. It's just that if you have, if you do that, a manual workflow with a wait timer and somebody answers, you got to shut the workflow off before the automation continues, or you're going to really confuse people by manually texting and the workflow provoking them at the same time.

Matthias Miller  17:22
I don't know if I like that.

Speaker 1  17:27
Totally up to you. It's as simple as you remembering or her, once a day checking to either, either a click the Remove from workflow button, or B, add a tag of any kind that's indicating that this person is active, and then have a what you would do is you would have another workflow with a trigger based on whatever that is. Trigger on, add a tag, trigger on, move the pipeline, trigger on, whatever makes sense, and then the action is removed from workflow. From this workflow,

Matthias Miller  18:01
there's no trigger for SMS received.

Speaker 1  18:07
Uh, try responded. I try the word respond or replied. Replied. Replied. You or has? Uh, yeah, you're onto something here. But I can't think through on the fly exactly how to do that.

Matthias Miller  18:26
Well, wouldn't you? You could on the reply. You could do a it should reply. The ads are reply tag, and then, and then you do your weight check for the tap tag, if it's still not on, then you send the next one. Okay. But we also need a way to handle all the stuff that have previously been well, I mean, I would love to use the 1000 contacts or several 100 that we've sent out already. I mean,

Speaker 1  19:00
good thinking you cannot actually do that because they've already bottomed out at the end of the automation. I think

Matthias Miller  19:09
I could. Yeah, well, maybe we'll just, I don't know. Is it worth building out that much automation in his system? Does he mind?

Speaker 1  19:21
Oh, he does not mind. No, he's a really easygoing guy. He's so far, he's, he's almost too easy going for his own good, but it's nice. He's, he's never balked at anything that I've seen. Okay,

Matthias Miller  19:30
so this is a shed SMS tag. Should I be assigning? Maybe I should assign all of these guys over to me. How's that sound?

Speaker 1  19:42
Sounds good? Also for safety, you could take a moment and give a custom tag to everyone who's already in your system and call them like, you know, pre automation or something, and then you can use that as a before and after filter if necessary. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  20:06
Okay, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  20:16
Assigned to Ethan Fox and also created less than 10 days ago. Okay, 274, let's do a little sanity check that these should all be few days. Shed Hang on. Yeah, those are sheds. Shed yard, January. 13, those aren't portable. Okay. Why is this one? Okay. So then here we're going to do this select All, and I don't remember where this one is.

Matthias Miller  21:39
I I need to create an automation to assign to me.

Speaker 1  21:51
Didn't think so, bulk actions. It's kind of misnamed. It's more like a report rather than a do it you got

Matthias Miller  22:04
because I don't see, I just don't see any way to add pipeline, change automation, Send SMS, email, add tag, remove tag, delete, send, review, request, export. I just don't see another way to do it.

Speaker 1  22:30
Oh, okay, I guess you're right. Then make you click automation.

Matthias Miller  22:38
So this is i user, Matthias,

Matthias Miller  22:55
and I guess we could do this. Might not hurt if somebody else Does does this, if

Matthias Miller  23:07
contact I?

Matthias Miller  23:35
All right, we're good. Yep,

Matthias Miller  23:48
all right, so then we're going to come back here. We're going to do automation. Oops, we're going to proceed, workflow, SMS, sorry, shed, Move to Matthias ones. We're

Matthias Miller  24:34
should be done

Matthias Miller  24:42
almost done,

Matthias Miller  24:52
and now I.

Matthias Miller  25:01
Okay, that's complete. Let's just because this one we can actually just go ahead and rebuild. Well, sure. Why not shed? Are

Speaker 1  25:15
you sure? You are sure that it actually finished before you click save here that's going to bulk. That's exactly what bulk is for. Go under bulk actions. I

Matthias Miller  25:26
mean, yeah, it did say completed. Let me change my filter. Okay, this one's filtering for. I mean, there's still some assigned to Ethan, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  25:40
I'm thinking maybe it didn't finish.

Matthias Miller  25:49
Bulk, sorry. Go back to bulk

Unknown Speaker  25:53
contacts and then bulk,

Matthias Miller  25:59
we hear it did, but maybe I missed some so let's just go back to go back to this list. Let's do filters assigned to Ethan I'm and,

Matthias Miller  26:31
oh, these, these were, there's a shed tag.

Matthias Miller  26:42
Some of them get inputted with a shed tag. I

Matthias Miller  27:00
actually, let's just do this. This would be better way to do it.

Matthias Miller  27:31
Let's fix the tag silly. So we go,

Matthias Miller  27:42
yeah, these are all Okay, let's go click all add tag,

Matthias Miller  27:55
maybe use shed. I want to use sheds or sheds?

Unknown Speaker  28:07
What is the tag being used for? I

Matthias Miller  28:10
don't know. You just tagged them.

Unknown Speaker  28:13
Keep it the way it is. I

Matthias Miller  28:25
Okay, there's nobody as sheds.

Unknown Speaker  28:29
Okay, Delete.

Matthias Miller  28:31
Then let's do shed and change this guy, if it's Ethan in shed, and then let's go change me from the shed. All right, so now this is all two and 34 that looks right. And

Speaker 1  28:48
then why are you needing to filter on sheds in addition to filtering on Ethan, because

Matthias Miller  28:53
Ethan was used previously for other stuff. Okay, I and

Matthias Miller  29:16
then the other thing I wanted to do here as well, while that runs is I don't want find ones assigned to me with the shed, and get rid of the shed if there is that, and switch it over to shed. That seems like a little bit of a waste of time for both of us to be i

Matthias Miller  29:47
Yeah, somewhere here, I, or it might have been me, i.

Matthias Miller  30:01
This one we want shed, and we're

Matthias Miller  30:15
going to want to take the sheds one off. We're

Matthias Miller  30:40
we're going to keep this workflow here. I'm

Matthias Miller  31:03
this is a Jed tag, if responded. This is a responded, replied, and this is if I I

Matthias Miller  31:25
don't know. Does it really matter? I guess if it's assigned to me.

Matthias Miller  31:36
Oh,

Speaker 1  31:39
just to be clear, at this point, you're trying to simply add a tag that they've applied. Is that? Right? Right? I don't, I wouldn't. So you got other stuff going on in this GHL sub account, besides this shed project.

Matthias Miller  31:59
Oh yeah, it's lots of people in here. You aren't you in Carstens, yeah, or I see lots of people. There's at least somebody else running stuff in here.

Unknown Speaker  32:10
That's odd. I wonder if you got something mixed up.

Matthias Miller  32:15
I don't know. It's in his test account. Okay,

Speaker 1  32:19
I have a feeling that was an accident. Now, I understand why you're so interested in the other bit. Okay, well, so then, so do replied, but, but give put, just start putting your name on everything. Maybe

Matthias Miller  32:40
it's like that, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:46
add a new tag, yep,

Matthias Miller  32:49
then it's a trigger the customer reply. Then we say tag,

Matthias Miller  33:00
all right, right, good, very good.

Unknown Speaker  33:06
Of the save, yep.

Matthias Miller  33:08
And then here,

Speaker 1  33:14
what I would do. Can I help you out a little bit? Here? Can you go right back to that workflow in the same workflow where it adds the tag, I would then very next node step, I guess they call it, do a remove from workflow and remove from wherever you're about to put the other bump messages, which I assume is the original workflow, but I'm I'm just Asking you to clarify that's what you want.

Matthias Miller  33:40
Yep, right? Yep,

Speaker 1  33:46
I like it. So now it's like automation. One happens when they reply, they're going to get tagged and removed from the chaos, yep.

Matthias Miller  33:54
So then my thought is, we'll build out the automation for the full campaign, and then we'll have something else that starts with message two, and we'll just go manually, and we'll contact them

Speaker 1  34:04
to that it's easy enough to duplicate. Sure. Let's go ahead and do that.

Matthias Miller  34:10
So alright, so this is it.

Speaker 1  34:12
This is fun for geeks. This is like geeks in a candy store, building cute little automations. I

Matthias Miller  34:23
again. This is a weight

Matthias Miller  34:39
advance window. Let's do this. I don't know how this works. Do you know how this works?

Speaker 1  34:51
I do, and I'm sorry, just do, yeah, turn advance off. Sorry, there's two kinds of weight. It's just not mix them. Wait 24 hours. One day is fine, one day is fine, yep.

Matthias Miller  35:09
And then another, wait,

Unknown Speaker  35:10
no, now's where you add your next SMS.

Matthias Miller  35:14
So it'll go out over the weekend.

Speaker 1  35:18
So go out over the weekend, okay, in that case, yes. Now the guys that I learned from, I don't know if this is necessary, but they split those so it's wait 24 hours and another one wait for business hours. They'd never mix them. I don't know if there's reason for that or not.

Matthias Miller  35:36
Something like this. Yes,

Speaker 1  35:38
exactly. Wait for I've I believe that's correct the way it is, and I believe the next one's correct the way it is. And I've done that quite a few times, so I'm pretty sure that works in the real world. All

Matthias Miller  35:52
right. And then we are ready for this SMS, which is, well, okay, but this one we don't have the name for. We can't do this automatically,

Speaker 1  36:02
um, so I, when I started yesterday and I saw this in your loom, um, we were getting the business name in. Is, are some of the missing the business name?

Matthias Miller  36:15
They might me, I thought some of them were, oh, looks

Speaker 1  36:29
like they all have names. Can you scroll for nameless ones?

Matthias Miller  36:33
Well, maybe, maybe you're right. No, it's first name, last name, or something that was giving me trouble.

Speaker 1  36:39
We don't have any personal names, but we do have a company name, and I think the company name is getting injected into the first name field. Am I right about that? Click on any of them. Yep, it's Bucha. I'm pretty sure company name.

Matthias Miller  36:56
No, it's business name. Where is it? Oh,

Speaker 1  36:59
general business name. Okay, let's run. Let's run with that.

Matthias Miller  37:20
Company name. You don't want to call it the same thing.

Matthias Miller  37:31
And then would you wait

Speaker 1  37:32
to follow that question. Sorry about calling it the same thing.

Matthias Miller  37:36
One says business it says business name in here, but it says company name on the Oh,

Unknown Speaker  37:41
in the in the variable, got it, yeah? GHL, maybe pass and break things

Matthias Miller  37:47
that is totally who they are, and that's why I didn't like them for a long time. Would you then wait two days? Yeah? Sure, yep. And then wait the window, and then we have an SMS, which would be

Matthias Miller  38:20
k and then another wait

Matthias Miller  38:31
for another two days. Did you do like a three day?

Unknown Speaker  38:40
Let's try it. I can't think of any downside to that.

Speaker 1  38:52
I'd love to be proven wrong about the multiple weight steps, by the way, but it's just

Matthias Miller  38:58
well another

Matthias Miller  39:11
Okay, so then that's saved, and now we do go back here shed duplicate. So this is the shed SMS resume. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  39:35
we call them bumps, and that works if you

Matthias Miller  39:42
and then we're going to

Speaker 1  39:44
just remove the initial message and the initial weight.

Matthias Miller  39:51
Oh, did I fix the Assign? I don't think I did.

Unknown Speaker  39:53
I don't know or second, I.

Matthias Miller  40:14
So the first SMS should be the firm is this? It share SMS bumps, and then back to sorry, shed. SMS, yeah, I'll fix that.

Matthias Miller  40:51
Okie dokie, so no ring in content. We didn't add any additional checks, but we don't really No, we should also remove it from the shed bumps. If they reply, let's do that.

Matthias Miller  41:13
Actually. We could also star them. No, we don't want to start them yet, because they might just be angry and want us to take them off the list. Okay, not angry, but just has to get off. Okay. So then is there a way to filter contacts by

Speaker 1  41:45
by replied, yeah, never tried.

Matthias Miller  41:52
Conversations, strict conversations, all right, we're not looking At Ethan anymore. I

Matthias Miller  42:06
Okay, we want all i

Matthias Miller  42:23
and if you can't re enroll into existing workflows. So how it works, you

Speaker 1  42:28
can absolutely well, there's a setting, but by default, it's off,

Matthias Miller  42:33
so you have to turn it on if you want to re enroll.

Speaker 1  42:37
Other way around, there's no prevention from RE enrolling, unless you manually, it's, it is that can click on that settings.

Matthias Miller  42:45
Well, this isn't the right one. But, I mean, it seems to me, maybe call me, call me paranoid, but no, it does not allow.

Speaker 1  42:57
Oh, well, that's Carson's right. So, Yep, I sure thought that was okay, so I'm wrong. I thought that allow you entry was on by default. But Okay, makes sense.

Matthias Miller  43:14
Okay, so it looks like the other automation might be unnecessary, but anyway, so what I'm wondering is okay, I'm going to skip the Hey, sorry to bother you. That one just was a fail. Okay, I guess it was. Was it a fail? I

Matthias Miller  43:44
I don't know. I mean, what's the harm in we got the numbers. What's the harm

Matthias Miller  43:59
in I maybe it would be a smart list. Maybe,

Matthias Miller  44:17
oh, I'm gonna have to. I need to head out very soon here smart list,

Matthias Miller  44:37
no, because that's just filters and contact info. Last Contact activity and.

Unknown Speaker  45:02
No, I

Matthias Miller  45:28
I could probably, in 15 to 30 minutes, write a little script that enrolls all of these guys, adds them to a list or something. It might actually be easier to

Speaker 1  45:47
and we're talking about the people who didn't reply yet. I mean, I'll just do it all 274 it won't, won't really be all 274 because some of them replied. And yes, 274 is not that many like I'll just get it done.

Matthias Miller  46:02
Okay, all right, so what do you think of this guy who wants Facebook ads?

Speaker 1  46:10
Okay, um, what was his name? I'm pulling up chanty right now.

Matthias Miller  46:15
Kevin, I think. No. Jeremy. Jeremy Jeremy reader. I

Speaker 1  46:29
a new game for him on the sales part. I've been transporting for the last six years. Been doing well. We'll continue to run that business and dispatch for his driver, getting more into the sales side of seeing there's six different companies. What does the six different companies part mean that he's selling for? Okay, website in the next he's getting the website made in the next three weeks. Quick Start on Facebook. Website done in three weeks. Here I'm included in management. Okay, tell me a little more. What did he say?

Matthias Miller  46:57
I mean, he's ready to spend money. So if you have a way that we could create a SaaS mode that we can sign them up for that gives them CRM access and like, and I don't know what I need out of it, if you're willing to, if you're willing to run Facebook ads, lead ads for 1000 bucks. Wow. Now you tell me what the pricing should be, but,

Speaker 1  47:19
but that's right, please continue what you're trying to say. Basically, ads for 900 bucks

Matthias Miller  47:24
a month, and when he wants to do Google, will or for 1000 bucks a month. When he wants Google, we'll bump him up 1500

Speaker 1  47:34
This is not the guy that wanted training, right? No. Okay, yes. So short answer is, yes, let's just, let's just do that. I'm not saying that's perfect pricing. I know. I don't think it is, but again, I said before and I mean it. We can start low, we can work our way up or down from here. Like, like you like it. That's your gut impression. Let's just do it. Did you tell them those prices already?

Matthias Miller  48:01
Sadly, yes. I mean sadly, not sadly, yes. I mean, if you have the GHL set up, if you have SaaS mode set up for 1000 bucks a month, that includes Facebook management, and I guess I just pay you, and you tell me, and we coordinate ACH draws or something, right? Get the funds you do. Draw invoice and draw,

Speaker 1  48:25
oh, let's for simplification. Let's run out everything through you, and you pay me. Does that work? I'm fine with that. You're the front end. You're who they talk to, you're the brand name. I don't think it makes I mean, I'm willing to do anything you want, but I don't think it makes sense, like pass them off to me as a seeming third party. And I can, you know what you tell me, and then, of course, I can grease the wheels. You can introduce me. I can be the one to collect payments or whatever. But it seems to me like it should get deposited to you, and whatever share is mine, you send over to me.

Matthias Miller  48:59
Are you? I don't know what an appropriate share is. I don't want to get too greedy. 10 20% what's, what's feel is either that, yeah, what's an appropriate share for you? You

Speaker 1  49:13
want to keep, you want to keep 10 to 20% Yeah. Is that okay? Yes, 15. So you start at 15. Is that I'm fine

Matthias Miller  49:22
with that. I'm happy with that. That's good. And let's

Speaker 1  49:26
I meant to bring this up yesterday. So So you, you didn't quite use these words, but yesterday, you were saying, like, I was kind of asking for a share of the pie, so I keep doing this with you every day. And you said, like, Okay, well, so for the first clients to come in, you want to share? I was thinking you would take a share anyway. So even Steven, you'll pay me a little slice of your pie so I can keep doing these calls with you and keep working and and then, because you are bringing me these clients, I don't see any reason for you not to basically. You to share that in perpetuity? Why not

Matthias Miller  50:02
one? One question I did have, I don't know how much of the shed training slice I'm going to give up if Eric wants to. I thought about pitching Eric and say, hey, look, Eric, we want to at least slap your name on it and use your name everywhere. Can we pay you 1% royalty on anything, on the CRM sales training, or basically anything that we sell by slapping your name on it. And if you want to be more actively involved, can we pay you 3% royalty to be more actively involved? Yeah, like, maybe you hop on a call in the middle of our sprint and we you do Q and A,

Speaker 1  50:41
see the kind of guy that's gonna say you're offering me $2 for work?

Matthias Miller  50:48
No, um, because

Speaker 1  50:49
what one 1% of 20 grand is is 200 bucks, right? Am I crazy to be right?

Matthias Miller  50:56
Yeah. I mean, it is. But that's I'm not planning to start at 20 grand. A stop at 20 grand, okay, but, I mean, I don't know, maybe he was maybe not, and maybe you won't go for it.

Speaker 1  51:13
Okay, cool, cool. Side note, giving you a percentage, since you're playing sales guy, giving you a percentage of playing like meaning you're doing the sales. Your percentage gives you some incentive to try to get higher prices over time as well.

Matthias Miller  51:29
Right? Like it, yep.

Speaker 1  51:34
Cool, yeah and yes. So short answer to your last question about Eric, yes, absolutely for sure. Again, you know this already, but to recap, I am, I am picturing all this as we're putting this membership together, or or SaaS mode, or whatever you want to call it, whatever the product is. We're selling by getting a hold of these dealers and offering something, what we're really doing is we're getting paid by them to build a list people are paying beyond our list. And in the future, we'll be able to bring in people named Eric and Robert and who knows, Facebook ads, pros for the people who who want to do it themselves, or whatever. Sales trainers, John Paul Mendoza, I don't know, No, probably not him, but literally, make offers on and on in perpetuity to this list.

Matthias Miller  52:21
Okay, can I drop off and then can I chat with you on the drive home about Kevin? Yeah, give me just a few minutes. Yep, sure. I'm gonna make you I'm gonna make you host. I'm gonna call back in on

Unknown Speaker  52:35
My phone. Then All Good. I

Matthias Miller  58:21
All right, let me switch to my, what's that? Your AirPods, yep.

Unknown Speaker  58:33
So can you hear me? I can. It's good and love.

Matthias Miller  58:37
All right. My, here's my Kevin, the guy's been over he doesn't want to be screwed over again. Yeah, I think he's past the market. He thinks it is, I don't know if it's I think it's possible. Oh, I think if we go to him and we say, but I think he would do. And I also think he's scared of somebody else owning, like, holding the bag, yeah. And so I think if we go to him, I am 99% sure. Well, this is optimistic me. I'm confident I could close them on a $500 a month management fee with $1,000 of ad spend, and say, Look, we're running it for three months you have to commit to the three months you have to spend. And if you can't, if we don't get you results by then, like we deserve to be fired, like you shouldn't spend more. But if we do, the fee bumps up to 1000 bucks. And we want this much, or we say, right out of the gate is $500 basically, you have to pay that. That's just to keep our lights on and but we want x percent of everything that you sell during that time. And with the plan to recoup, you know, more than the more than the 1000 bucks. Month and and then he's also going to want a and by the way, we're going to train you, and because we're giving away our secret sauce, it's going to be another $1,000 if I'm making stuff up, but we're going to give you $1,000 and we're going to give you a full course on A to Z what you need to do to manage and run your account, and we're doing this because we don't think you actually want to be spending your time. Okay, you agree not to sell this to other people. Well, actually, I don't know. I think it's, it's a brazen we are selling you execution, not knowledge, because knowledge is dead, and we're just here to save you time and and I think it would be a great, great, great thing like, Hey guys, do you want to run Facebook? Do you want to run Google ads? Let's sell a $500 sprint, 21 day sprint, get your ads up and running, and at the end, you guys don't want to do it, upsell them. It's a great tool to have in our arsenal if you're open to creating something like

Speaker 1  1:01:10
That. Torn so I'm not overtly objecting. I am okay couple things, I leave the generality, like a sprint or something behind for a minute. Think, think only of Kevin for a minute. So if I was really, if I'm gonna throw an ebook or a video at Kevin that says, Hey, Kevin, here's how to keep this running after you fire me. I can do that probably in an hour, definitely with his account on the screen after we get things rolling. No no tears, no problem, and and all good. And so what could we do that? Yes, we could do that. Do I have the ability for $500 Am I willing to do like a course, a tutorial, a session, or work with him for days, talking him through where to click with a mouse on his screen to build it from the ground up. Absolutely not. I can't do that. That that, and it's not me. It's them. It's always them. You can't, you can't pour enough time into somebody to really learn everything about it from the ground up for 500 bucks, like it's right, yeah. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:02:44
so could you sell him a I think we might be able to sell him to say, look, $1,500 we'll build your account from the ground up, $1,500 to get it set up. Or it's $500 a month, $1,000 set up. And we think that you're going to be so happy with it that you'd be better off selling one more shed. That's, I don't know that's one more shed. I don't know what his Yeah, if he's a dealer, selling one more shed a month, and just let us run it for you. But if not, if it's abysmal, we'll, I don't what

Speaker 1  1:03:19
we will, if it's abysmal, we'll teach him, if it's abysmal and

Matthias Miller  1:03:26
well, yes, and, and you cannot hire us. You cannot fire us for doing our job. If we do well, you have to keep us. It's the classic. You can't fire us for being too successful.

Speaker 1  1:03:35
There you go. There. Yeah. Okay, so this is still being recorded, right? Yeah, my record is on So, so I like this. So I know. So Justin Brooks, right hand man for years, whose name was John Belcher, he actually identified this problem in general. Like, you know, agencies complain about churn, and they're always trying to solve churn. And John was like, I got a solution for churn. You're gonna hire me to mastermind strategize everything, set up running and hand it off to you like it's churn is planned in planned exit strategy. And I'm not saying I want to go that far. I don't, but basically, like the agreement is two things, first of all, referring to that fear of getting locked in or out and left holding the bag, I have always had a principal, and this is different from most agencies of I don't build a black box in my account that they don't have access to. They have a Google account. They are going to start and open, literally, the account. They're the owner, and they're gonna let me in, and I'm gonna do work, and if they decide to fire me, then they kick me off, and they have everything I built for them, all the data, which is where the value is, by the way, and a running campaign like that alone is the value. You. We're leaving you with this, not me. Then, if we're all on speaking terms and playing nice, I will record them a video telling them how to continue maintaining or growing what I built for them, okay, like so that the thing doesn't crash the day we're gone. What I will not do is I will not teach them how to do everything from the ground up, and I will not teach them everything about running Google ads. I think what we can do is we can leave them a custom video that shows them how to keep going. Ang Lee, and then, like, if they really want to learn Google ads, we'll just give them a link to what's that guy Isaac, I can't ever say his last name, rudansky or something. He's this number one seller of Google Ads training in the last 10 years. Let's leave a link to that, like, here you go, go to Udemy, pay 50 bucks and start doing hours and hours and hours and hours of training. Because I cannot transfer my tenure knowledge to someone. I just can't.

Matthias Miller  1:05:59
So then let's also, then let's also bake in a $50 a month marketing support plan where that keeps us, keeps our foot in the door, look down. Sell us to this, keep it, keep us on At 50 bucks a month for at least a period of time, and give us a chance to answer your questions as you as you do the handoff, I gotta drop. Can you put that in a message or drafts, bullet points at least, of what to pitch, and we can be back and forth, and I can see if I can connect on Monday, for sure. Do you

Speaker 1  1:06:29
want to talk again today at all? No, I can't. All good. And do you want me to redo that? Sop for Audra,

Matthias Miller  1:06:36
completely. Up

Unknown Speaker  1:06:38
to you. Okay, Alright, sounds good. Let's go.

Matthias Miller  1:06:41
Main thing is the shed versus sheds tag that things that needs to be clarified. Totally cool. All right, thanks, thanks.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:47
Bye. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai