Speaker 1  00:00
Hello, hello, Matthias, I think that's a way to pronounce it. But I don't know, that's my fault. Mine, my Spanish background wants to say, my DS. But I'm pretty sure that's not the way you would say it in English. So thank you for the chance the opportunity to do this. It's something that I do in the background. And I enjoy like looking at this, because it's just interesting to see how different people operate. And this one, this particular report is different from others that I've seen, especially the graphs, the charts that you'll see that I'll speak into, in this specific video, I sent you a few notes on what you can focus on to get started, it's a lot of pages, and there's a lot of text in here. So it may be a little bit too much to absorb at once. But given your personal level, you probably spend some time reading through it, which is fine. You can definitely do that on your own time, we can schedule, kind of like a follow up chat just to go deeper into some of the stuff as you go through it and get some ideas. The first few pages here just describe kind of the different these patterns, and just giving you a general overview of things, rather than speaking directly to you. The charts, the charts are actually yours, your results, and it's just an example. But I'll cover them more later. More specifically, first, let me just we, I guess reiterate. Some other things to think about or to look into it gives you can I examples of people that are potentially same as you kind of give you your history, description, but there is this one. This page, which I think is page seven is the one that gives you kind of like a story around your result, which is as I and see, which is not it's rare, I don't think is common to have three at the top. And that's actually a cool thing, too is it means that you can handle a lot of these traits very well. And it's a classic indication of a someone that can lead very well in many areas of life. So this is a good thing to kind of read, and just highlight the things that catch your attention, the things that resonate, maybe things that you maybe disagree with, you don't have to agree with everything on this page. But this gives you kind of like a nice overarching theme into it. And the next one I mentioned, there are a few ideas here on my power to relate to other people, you can look into that, but that you also like page 11 which is more like a generic, a general way for you to maybe learn or interact with other types of personalities, your these three ones these are not one of your strong places. So this gives you idea of only interact with them, especially if you are like a like a high detail person these are not necessarily into that much. So if you can I kind of like gauge where people are. And there are two simple questions to address that. Or can I guess what it is? And so the first is a quadrant. So if you go these are drivers, so most of the times are focused on what they like to speak their ideas, they like to think into not nothing but speak into something. So they are more prevents to talk out loud and think out loud. And they are also task oriented. So they're more about tell me what needs to get done. Tell me what you're doing. Tell me what am I going to get? So the usual question is what? So when you hear people can always ask him about what is this? What what do I need to do? What is what is the thing that tend to be drivers? That eyes are more, they like to talk but they're more into the people aspect of things. So it's more about who do they want to meet? Who do I need to talk to who do I need to convince? They're very persuasive

Speaker 1  04:46
in their way of abrasion, they're kind of like the party of the room. So that's that type of personality. S's are more like the stables. The stable people the steady Eddie's is one way that they Describe them. They're the more most of the people have an s base. And they're the ones that it's all about teamwork, they're about acceptance is they tend to be thinkers rather than talkers. But they focus on the people side of things. So it's more about why are we doing this? What is the purpose of this? Let's get the ideas of other people, they try to incorporate other people into it. And they're very loyal to what you do. And then there is C's, which are the calculating people, these are the ones that we tend to describe as geeks, because they're very task oriented. But they're also introverted. So they love data, they love to talk about data to do research. How do you prove this? What did you use to? For to come up with a solution? What does the data say? And what is the evidence they like to analyze they very good. A lot of them are good project managers, because they like a lot of details. So you start identifying them. Based on those two questions? Are they like, do they like to talk things out? Or they like to think things through? And do they prefer to talk about what to do versus who do I get to talk to or who do I meet, so if they're more into the people side, then you, you know, they're kind of in the I S range, if they're more into the tasks, things, the let's do things, they're more into this DC, and then their personality will describe it. Interesting enough, you'll see that this can change based on what setting in their life they're in, they have a natural tendency, but people can actually more and, and that is an explanation to a lot of like things that happen in the workplace, because a lot of times people are operating outside of their personality, they just feel pressured to do that. And I'll discover I'll talk about that more in their in your chart. So so it kind of like a very general disc evaluation. Let me go to the to the graphs and explain them since it's one of the key things, I didn't mention the power, the power disc, which is a basket, let me go find it. So you can see it, this is actually kind of cool. It's probably one of the most applicable ones to the workplace, because it tells you kind of areas where you can be really, really good. Or let's say great at, and then the good things and the things that you can you could work on or things that you areas that you probably want to delegate, so spending, time reviewing some of these results can be beneficial to you. So you can see right here, the well developed, it's probably one of your strongest this PC are already your your strongest areas, when it comes to the context in which it took the assessment. So processing is a p. And you can read what that means. Then there is the C, which is creating getting creative, and that's probably your personality. And then the last one is relating, which is more on your SI side of things. So those are the your kind of like your strengths areas, the things that you can do relatively well with ease, and you can apply across all areas of life, the other ones are good, I would tend to say work on your strengths, get good enough on the other ones, don't spend too much time on it, because those are areas that you won't necessarily get greater. And you can depend on other people to do those things. So let me go to the charts and speak into them a bit. As the way I see it. This is more for conversation, rather than absolute answer. So there is no reason to agree or disagree. It is more for you to understand and get an idea of what's happening.

Speaker 1  09:24
The way that this describes the charts can get confusing. I still don't necessarily like the language they use. But is is valid. The way I think of this. These three graphs, which I actually don't think all other disc assessments have it. Most of them just have one. It's kind of cool to see three, because they figure out a way. There's research behind this and they figure out a way to talk about these three areas. The first graph is he says public perception Think of it as this is how you operate, and the context in which you took this assessment. So if you thought about business related items, this tends to be your behavior in that area. So this could change. If you're like, maybe in family, if you took it, thinking about business, maybe in your family, you function differently, maybe, you know, it's fine. So this is the way you maybe you think, you have to operate, they want the way you were accustomed to behaving with it's, it's what it's how you do it, it's how you get it done. The stress perception is the one where this is how you operate, this is how you tend to operate. And these moment, when you're under stress, when you're under pressure, if you're in a very pressured situation, high stakes, you're very likely to function this way. And the mirror one is the one that's intended to represent your natural state, this is the way that you would ideally like to work with is kind of like your self awareness, your self perception. And what you can think of this as like, Well, ideally, you want all three charts to be the same. While they may not necessarily be ever. But that's, that's kind of where we're me from the outside, I can see okay, are you in the right position? For your personality? Are you missing something that will help you get better instruction or something like that you can use these charts to kind of address someone's role if you're hiring or address a performance issue with your staff and things like that. Because you can see the three different behaviors, you can see the natural state, you can see the way they think they have to operate in the environment. And then you can see how they operate under stress. And that can actually, depending on what comes up can be very insightful. Especially the one is not used to learning about themselves. So let's talk a little bit about this concept. Let's talk first of all, in the public perception. What I see one of the things to see, don't think too much about the numbers that you see the numbers down here, don't think too much about that. Because those are kind of like that testicle results. You can maybe think of him maybe you're aware of them, may you think about standard deviations and things like that. They're not saddled with mediations, but you just think about it in that way. There is no like, I want to have a seven or oversea row or something in this area, it just more for a point of reference. So over the line, are the things that you are strongest under the line are the things that are less present. So one of the things to note, especially when I look at the three graphs is that your d is negative four, which is actually significant. It means that you are not the type of individual or at least in this instance, in your work, you perceive yourself or you are operating in a situation where you don't necessarily want to be making all the decisions, you don't want to be the driver of things you will maybe you don't think you have to that's another option. But that is also not your your natural inclination, because your DS also below it so so you don't have the tendency to be decisive, which is what D is decisive driver need to make decisions. I'm all into what needs to get done. How do I get like what do I need to do to get accomplishment?

Speaker 1  14:04
results results result. It's usually what these think about. And that's not necessarily something that you are showing, or presenting. But your eyes probably the highest on the hat. The AI means that you're inspiring your own into a team. Let's go Let's go a team. Let's get creative. Let's you want to be problem solving and creating all these things. Maybe you even like competition. You're operating with a very like, Let's go team inspiring motivator type approach. I don't know if you have staff maybe but that's kind of what I that these would be implying. You're liking creativity, and you're also the motivator of the group. So do you like to do that and that's pretty high a five it's actually very significantly high and then comes into the s which is a little bit higher than the The median. And that also implies that you are wanting stability in a sense, there's loyalty, there's, there's teamwork, some of the combination over the eye on the S here seems to imply that you're wanting to work together with others, YOU like to inspire others you, you like some competition, but you also like everybody to have a role. So since you don't like to make decisions, what this implies, is you probably are looking for input from other people. And, and you want that you actually look for it, you encourage it. And and that's one thing that you want to, you can pay attention to, that's one way that I would interpret this, I don't know what role you took. So I don't know if this will be a good fit for the role. But the implication here is that you believe or think that that's the way you have to operate in this role. And whether that's right or wrong, it depends on the role, and what the description or the role and all these things. So whatever hat you use here, that's that's kind of what the graph says, the other thing that I know, across all of them is that there's no like, big changes in the sense that you don't feel you have a fairly clear idea of the role. And the situation, it's not like it's a lot of notes gives, if there were a lot on the nose, you wouldn't see very clearly defined concepts here. Or like, wildly lines. And that's the indication that you seem to have a clear, a clear definition of the situation. And it can be fine. But that all depends on on what we're doing. And I think that's why we could have a debrief and just speak more into this, these graphs. So let me go into the stress pieces, the stressful in this under stress situation. So when there's high pressure, high stakes, maybe you're under stress, and this is how you think you have to operate. The biggest thing to note here is the the changes, the switch is the interest the switch of the two, and also the D goes a little bit higher. So maybe it means that under pressure, you do feel this need to I need to make more decisions, I need to take a little bit more control and maybe take a little bit more the reins is not very pronounced. But it is interesting. It is just something to know. But there's the eye movement

Speaker 1  17:43
as the piece that seems to catch most of my attention, especially because your natural state is to be on the higher side on the AI the motivator. So it almost seems like you shut down. It almost seems that under stress, you're like oh, no, no, no, I don't have time to be rowdy, unexcited stuff needs to get done. So I need to like tone that down. And then you flip in this switch of the C and the S and the S is all about teamwork. So maybe you're going to I don't know I need to be everybody needs to get him in this. Anybody everyone needs to we all need to go straight into something, we need to stay together trust that trust the process. Let's get everybody to work. And then the The interesting part is the see shift where you go into somewhat okay, you're not really care much about the details. And now you're more into oh, we need to be specific. When he I need to know data, I need to know what's happening, I need to be in the details. So it almost to me seems like you're turning down the the inspiring motivator and then you go a heads down, let's get to work. I need to be in this. We're gonna do it all together. But I also need to be aware of it all. So it almost sounds like you are under stress to switch more more into handhold no hand holding, but you switch more into being right there in the trenches with your people. Nothing, nothing necessarily wrong with it. That's just something to consider about your shift in things. Especially because you see right here like both of these to go really high. Especially the C goes I get almost flips over and quadruples where you almost go from like I don't really need to know the details to know like now I need to know what's going on what's happening. Tell like what is the detail what is it do? What is the how do you coming up with a decision and all these things but you also get stronger on the ES. So it almost sounds like it almost kind of goes in tandem where like I'm going to get into the weeds, but I'm also like, going to help you go through it. So I'm just, we're just gonna do this together. And that's the, that's the way it goes. So then it goes to the, the self awareness. So this is intended to cannot represent your natural bias. And you can see again before the D is lower, so you don't, you're not a person to make a decision. But what's cool about this is that, in your ideal situation, you have the inspiring the S and the C over the line, which means that you have a very nice combination of the competition, and the motivation and the influence pieces, with knowing enough about the knowing enough caring enough about people knowing, you know, details, that get thence combined with the s, which is more about team playing, and loyalty, and creating stability. So you almost have, you have a very natural leadership quality to you. Because you can combine all three things, that doesn't mean you can't make decisions, it just means the way you get to them, it's going to be kind of like very nice, overlapping all of it. So you're going to have feedback from your staff from other people, you're going to be motivated and respectful. And you're also going to have, you know, you also have this natural tendency to want to know some of the details. So you can have a well rounded decision making process and approach live that way. So that's kinda how I see the charts is not the absolute answer, it's just a nice way to think about how this process flow. So the I, the one way to think about these specific pieces, like D is like decision, the higher your D, the more you have to be in control. And in the decision making process, the lower it is, the less you want to be decisive or deciding or essentially decide not to decide that's that will be the way you think about it, the higher your AI is, the more you're into some of the competition, some of the influencing the

Speaker 1  22:21
let's get rowdy, the inspiring pieces of it. And the lower on that is the less you want to be like in front of people and be the moderator. For the group, the S is more, the more the higher the s, the less change you want. Because s is about stability is about steadiness is about loyalty, remaining loyal to whatever it is the person or the system or something. So the higher is the the less you want change. The more you want stability, the more you want to be loyal and be a part of everything and you want, the more you want everybody to be in it. And the lower the SS is, the more you're okay with change. And the you don't necessarily need to be involved everywhere, you're just okay with whatever. And then the C's, the higher the C's is, the more calculating you become a more cautious calculating, you don't the higher the see is the least resistance to criticism, you don't like people to criticize you because you're so far into the weeds and details that you yourself are very, very knowledgeable. And you don't take criticism well. Because you're very well versed and known. So your decisions were taken with a thorough thorough reasoning and evaluation. So that's, that's where that comes from. And the lower the C is also like, the less you want to be in the details, the less you want to be no talking about facts, and formulas and things like that. So that's that's my spiel on this is my interpretation, it looks relatively consistent across all three places in the sense that your S is always over you continue to maintain this, these harmony these loyalty these as this get everybody together and this under see is somewhere close to that to always being there. And then the eyes the only one that seems to like shift depending on the situation you're in. But overall, it seems like you were somewhat clear on what needs to get done knowledge is a matter of identifying other pieces missing is there. Is there a good fit, is it not a fit? What are the things that we can do to change that? work through that so you can better express yourself like consistently across three, three areas. Thank you for again for the opportunity. Once you watch this, write down your questions, let me know what things are open and how you want to before the I think meeting and just talking more in depth, our best will be potential. Next step for sure. On on how you can take advantage of this and how to better apply yourself in the areas you're looking to get better at. Thank you and I'll see you talk to you soon. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai