Speaker 1  00:00
Hello. Good morning, everybody. I see a whole bunch of people popping in. And so if you're on the United States, good morning, if you're in Europe or somewhere else, good afternoon or good evening. It's delightful to see you all. And somebody was asking couple months ago, so like, what's the latest YouTube stuff? And I thought, well, we should probably get Tom breeze on a webinar so you can get, like, the latest up to the second YouTube stuff. And Tom agreed to come on. So Tom is going to do that. Sam's going to talk about some announcements. Meanwhile, I want to talk really quickly about some stuff that's been going on lately. Just two days ago, we had a Perry Marshall live in Chicago, and we had some of the members joined us for breakfast, and everybody joined us for lunch and dinner, and somebody purchased a hot seat. And so we spent did an extended hot seat for one person. We did miniature hot seats for everybody. Everybody went home with a problem solved. In the case of couple days ago, Bob raeneres came and presented. We usually have some kind of a presenter who will come in and talk to our members in in Connecticut. A couple months ago, it was Paris lampropoulos in Boston. A couple months ago, it was Mark ingles. And these events, no two of them are ever the same. You always learn valuable things, and you rub shoulders with real human beings, which is all too rare in a covid world, and and, and it is. It is so refreshing. It's like oxygen to be in a room with a bunch of people. And the way we manage covid With these events is we just ask that either you be vaccinated or you go get a test before you come testing has become so easy. Like just up the street, a half a mile up the street, there's a, there's a an empty building that somebody converted into a covid testing place. And their model seems to be, if you have insurance, they take it. And if you don't have insurance, it's free. And I think they make enough money from the insurance they can just do it. It's, it's very clever. And they've been, somebody's been setting these things up all over the place, and so you go in there and and they, they do, you get it results of an antigen test in like, about five minutes, which is, like, approximately accurate. And then the next probably, within a couple few hours, you'll get a results of a PCR test. And so that kind of stuff is all over the place, and so there's no reason not to come and and so Sam's going to talk about, we're going to riff together about some upcoming events, and then we'll, we'll bring Tom back in So Sam,

Speaker 2  03:39
Yes, sir. Hello. Wonderful to be with you guys today. So if you're here, you're in the new renaissance club. And I just want to mention briefly that membership to new renaissance Club does have its privileges and its benefits. Of course, we have topical webinars like this one, where we get to learn about YouTube ads, and there are plenty of other webinars where you get to learn about specific things to help you grow your business. We have forum day with Perry, where he pops into the forum he answers questions. It's incredibly insightful. If you haven't been to one of those, you should definitely check out the next one. And we also have regular call in days with Perry, and that is also fantastic to get some questions answered. And we also have the very popular and very intriguing memos from the head office monthly webinar. In fact, I believe that since I've been around, over the last few years, it's grown so popular, you've had to multiply how many of these that you have, right?

Speaker 1  04:37
Yes, we now have 11 of them every month. It's the most popular thing in Renaissance club. It's, it's might be the weirdest thing that anybody offers to their marketing membership. If you read the book memos from the head office, you'll understand exactly what that is. I won't go into it. Now, but you can buy that book for 11 bucks on Amazon and go down that rabbit trail. They're very popular. And every time, every time we have an event, people, people come up to me and mention it. In fact, we did this. Perry Marshall, live in Chicago about two days ago. It was Tuesday, and so people who signed up early enough got to come to breakfast. And so, so the first guy to show up for breakfast was a guy named Daniel Contreras, or tease, and he is an immigrant from Venezuela, and he lives in Virginia, and he comes in and he introduces himself, and he said, I just wanted to Come here to actually meet you in person and thank you. He says, somebody gave me the 8020 book. I eventually read it, then I signed up for 30 day reboot. He says, when I went through 30 day reboot, I was smoking pot all the time. I was abusing my girlfriend. I was doing nothing with my life. 30 day reboot straightened me out. I'm not smoking pot anymore. I got married. I've got a great job at this restaurant, and they like me, and I'm a manager there now, and now I want to take over their marketing and, like, I know what I'm doing in the world, and I'm just here to thank you. I'm like, I didn't know I was in the business of fixing marriages and getting people off pot, but I guess that's awesome. Okay, and by the way, we forgot to even mention there's a 30 day reboot is starting in next week. Okay? We're in the promotion right now, and we only do that every once in a while, 30 day reboot is the most raved about thing, a product that we've probably ever sold. And it's a it's a, okay, you're going to sign up for this thing. It's going to start on, I don't know what day it is like, September 23 pardon me for if I'm a day off and starting on September 23 you're going to start subtracting garbage out of your life, and you're going to make more space, and then more space, and then more space, and then more space. It's almost entirely a doing less, doing less, doing less, where almost any anything you ever sign up for, they're piling stuff on you to do more, and this is a do less. And people like, Oh, my word. I just pulled my head out of the matrix. I didn't even realize I was living in the matrix. And so that was the effect that had on that guy. So,

Speaker 2  07:54
wow, that's awesome. So guys, make sure you sign up for 30 day reboot. You will not regret taking the red pill. So let's see announcements. We have round table Europe, that will be October 11 through 13th. Anything that you want to say about that? Yes, I

Speaker 1  08:15
have a lot I want to say about that. So there'll be a first round table meeting in the UK in two years, which makes my head explode, but it's true, and we've been supporting the roundtable Europe members through virtual means, and that's been working, but we are back in the UK, and any of you that are in the UK, maybe you should sign up for round table so you can come you'll be in the room with a half a dozen other people, and everybody gets TLC. And what we do in Round Table is we onboard you. We go through your sales process, your product lines, your sales funnels, and we straighten stuff out, and we fix it up, and we make it better, and we our goal is to pay for your membership within the first few months, so that from that point forward, it's like, yep, well, I'm I'm in, I'm in the black. Now everything from this point on, is, is, is paying positive ROI, and it's a really wonderful community. We're gonna we haven't picked the location yet, but it'll be somewhere in England. Tom Bree says he's going to come and join us. So we're going to figure out how he can pop in and present and then the the next day. So the round table meeting, there's dinner October 11, and then all day meetings the 12th and the 13th, and then on the 14th, we have a Perry Marshall live in the UK, and it's a one day. It's like a micro version of round table. It's like just one day of total immersion. And. Come. Come with problems that you want solved. Come with your questions. Come and listen to everybody else, because no two of them are ever the same. It's always a different group of people. Everybody shares a little bit about their business. Everybody gets does some live problem solving about their business. We also have a Perry Marshall live San Francisco next week, September 22 if you're on the West Coast, frankly, if you're on the East Coast, fly across the country. Join me in San Francisco, and we're going to do this, and then we're also doing it live in Dallas. November five. I have deliberately amped up my presence at Perry Marshall live meetings. And there is energy that you get from being with other people that you do not get on Zoom. It is possible to replicate live, real in person on any digital platform. I know we're all internet marketers, but the truth is, the game of internet marketing happens in rooms where people get together. So you can, you can call our sale. You can call or email Kyler and Tiffany. You can get signed up for these you can you're probably getting emails about this stuff, but don't miss it and there, look, there's, there's no reason to stay home anymore. Even international travel actually works. I was in Ireland doing a Perry Marshall live event in Dublin, August 25 and I got there, and people from the UK got there, and people from other parts of Europe got there. And so, you know, most of the world is staying home. It's not necessary to stay at home, and it's good. So Okay, let's bring on Mr. Tom breeze. So Tom. Every time we have Tom, we get all this love coming through the screen. People like, I love this guy. He explains YouTube better than anybody. And like I said earlier, somebody asked, like, so what's the latest YouTube stuff? And I thought, well, our latest YouTube stuff might be six months old. Let's get let's get Tom back. And so Tom's here. So Tom is he has a method that, like people can wrap their heads around. He's got, he's got models that make sense. You can do videos and dominate YouTube using very simple means. You don't have to have a video production studio, so I'm not going to take any more of Tom's time. Tom welcome.

Speaker 3  12:45
Thank you so much. It's great to be here, and as always, I've got something new to talk about with YouTube ads. So yeah, looking forward to sharing that with you and Jim to get started and just go ahead and start

Speaker 1  12:56
sharing my screen. You're in. You got the floor. All right,

Speaker 3  13:01
here we go. I'm going to share my screen so that everyone can see what I'm seeing, and we can go from there one second. Oh, I think you need to share my screen. Let's fix that. Whilst we're doing that, please feel free to leave your kind of the niche that you might be working in, or the niche you might be working in, or the industry you're working in in the comment section, because I can hopefully make this bespoke to you guys as well. And yeah, I want to make sure that it's kind of very relevant and you kind of get your questions answered. And so you know how to get started with YouTube in the right way as well.

Speaker 3  13:43
So I'll trade education immediately. We do a lot of work in the trading education, education space. So you should be in a in a good space. All right. So, and by the way, this is a brand new presentation for me, so hopefully I won't be clunky, but if I am in certain places, excuse me. I will do my best to clarify this as best as possible, but we've been working on a strategy for the last six months that has been working really well, and we're rolling it out, and we seem to just be able to repeat the great results we're getting with a number of brands. And this is all about how to find brand new customers for your business for just $5 a day with YouTube ads, and this is one of those strategies that now we have implemented this we're getting so many benefits that we weren't really aware of that we were going to get when we first started. And the whole reason why we started this strategy in the first place is because we looked at all of the biggest brands that we've been working with that had like, longevity in the game, and we're really thinking about their brand, not just selling a product and try and make a high row as that's always a view that we try and achieve with any client. But we were looking at and saying, like, which brands really stick around for a long time? Like which ones really can keep on bringing out new products, new offers, and they all work, and they all. All sustainable, and they keep growing, and they're not relying on latest strategies or techniques that are like scarcity or kind of having to pull really hard on credibility. It's kind of they've got an amazing brand that they're building at the same time. And this is kind of really getting people to connect with the brand, love the brand, and want to do business with the band, as opposed to just selling all the time. And this is a this took us a long time to work out as well, because we've been trying to work out how to grow YouTube channels with paid traffic without ruining the YouTube channel, right? Because YouTube channels thrive off high retention rates and making sure you get great watch time and when normally you run ads, you're not, kind of getting great retention rates. Typically people skip your ads. I don't know if you know that, but sometimes people will skip your ads if you're running in Stream Ads. And so this is something that we've been working on for a long time, and it's actually a pretty simple strategy, and I think that anyone on this call should go do this today, and it will just open up a brand new traffic source for you if you're not doing this, and I guarantee you're not doing this strategy already. So how to find brand new customers for just $5 a day with YouTube ads? Plus, there's three big benefits you're gonna get from this. You can, first of all, rapidly grow your YouTube channel. Second of all, you can build ridiculously hot remarketing audiences because of the customer journey you're going to be putting people through. So you should be able to make a route like the second touch point, when you're asking for a sale that is incredibly powerful, you're gonna find that people are just teed up perfectly and want what you've got, and feel like they've really connected with you as a brand. And then the third point is you get to find out which targeting actually works for you. So this is great, because if you're let's say, for example, you're selling a product for $100 you have to make certain decisions along the way of, when you, like, confirm that there's a targeting method that's working well for you, you know. And if it's $100 like, how much do you need to spend before you confirm to yourself, Okay, maybe this just isn't a great audience, because you might target that audience and then think, well, the ad wasn't that good. Let's try and prove the ad, and you just spend another $300 so $300 to try and work out if it's going to work or not. And before you know it, you're $1,000 down, and you just prove to yourself, Okay, that audience isn't great. This way, you can probably spend, I don't know, probably about $10 and work if an audience is going to work well for you, probably less than that even. And it's because we're looking at different metrics and different ways of looking at your account, and this is going to tee you up perfectly if you wanted to get into cold traffic and wanting to really scale and grow, but that, I've spoken about that with Perry many times, and this is a strategy that is the precursor to your success with YouTube, and it's something that we do with all clients now. And so I'd recommend that you look into this and think, right, this could be your way of stepping into YouTube advertising. So if you don't know who I am, a bit about me. I've been advertising online for 13 years. This is my eighth year of pure focus just on YouTube advertising. I can play nice with other platforms, but I just focus my time and energy on YouTube. We run a pay for results YouTube ad agency, and we also it's called viewability. And we also run a pay for results consultancy that's called ad buyers club, and we have three members now spending over a million dollars a month. And we get to see what works, and we know what works because we do it every day, and we also know what doesn't work. So this is coming from the front line. This is not like a presentation where I'm giving you information that sounds romantic but doesn't actually the rubber doesn't meet the road. This is stuff that actually works, and I do it on a regular basis. So if at any point I'm leaving kind of good, golden nuggets of information for you and you're finding it very useful, please feel free to in the comment section and say, Get that man a beer ticket. Then I just know that I'm on par with you guys, and I know that I'm delivering because I can feel quite lonely when I'm here in the UK just talking directly to a camera. It's a very different feeling than when you're in front of an audience. Okay, so the strategy here, it's just four parts, really simple. So the idea is we're going to use what's called discovery ads, and I'll talk about what those are in just a second. We're then going to target search traffic, we're then going to optimize for engagement, and then finally, we're gonna start building those remarketing lists. Okay, so it's four steps, and this is gonna start generating your customers and building your brand, finding all the targeting that works really well, and build those remarketing lists as well. So let's talk about using discovery ads and what they are. Well, just before this call earlier today, I got my mobile out, and I was like, Okay, let me actually give you what an example of a discovery ad is, and show you firsthand what this looks like. So I opened up my youtube this is like screenshots of my phone. I opened up a the app, YouTube app, and immediately, the first thing you see on, like the home feed or the homepage is an ad. That first ad here is a video that's promoting. It's for YouTube originals. But this is a discovery ad, and this is where your ads will show. Now, if you were to click that and go through a. You would actually be taken to the video itself. Okay? So it's promoting a video, then people get to watch the content that you promoted, and you pay upon the point at which someone clicks to play the video. And it works on a cost per view model. So pretty simple, right? Your video thumbnail appears and you get people to click it and watch your content. Now I did another journey within the YouTube app itself as well, and this time I decided to go to the search bar. And so I clicked a little magnifying glass there, and it opens up kind of your search history and all that sort of good stuff. And you can see that I've been searching random things over time, but in there, what I typed in was best business ideas, 2021 ideas, 2021 Okay, and if I click on that, it opens up the next page, and immediately what you'll see there is the first one. Is another ad. This is a, again, a discovery ad, video. Thumb there that there's from Neil Patel, or actually restream.io but they're obviously using Neil in their videos. And underneath you can see that the actual search terms of like seven profitable business ideas for 2021 and then the rest of the videos will be underneath that based on what I'm searching for. So again, you can get your your thumbnail of your videos in front of people here, and should they decide to click to play it? It'll take them through to the ad. Now let's say I didn't click that. I actually clicked the second video down here because I was like, I don't want to see an ad right now. I want to watch content that I asked for. So I click this. And then when I start watching videos, I actually clicked a different one. But you get the idea, I clicked through to a video, and underneath that video again, there's a discovery ad there. So these thumbnails are everywhere. We don't often see them, and they're on desktop devices as well. They don't come up quite so much on desktop. They're a bit more mobile friendly, but you can kind of see that you're basically paying for your video to be seen, or your video thumbnail to be seen in certain locations. And then you pay. Should someone want to click to play your video? Okay, so that's discovery ads there as an introduction to what the ads are. And you might then be thinking, Well, what sort of video content should I create? Because people are looking for content, and in order to get a good video in front of them, it's not like you're creating a hard, direct response ad any longer you will do when you run in Stream Ads, but when you're creating this type of ad, I want you to think about connecting with your audience so they never forget you, and they remember you for good reason, and they want to build a connection with you so you might entertain them, educate them, provide value in whatever way you think is the best way for your brand to be experienced As such, but they want to be leaving that video remembering who you are and what you stand for and and they're kind of attached to the psychology and the deepest desires to you and your brand. So let me kind of give you a framework that we use that works really well here. When we talk about the psychology of your customer, there's a few things you want to probably want to think about, because we create ads for loads of different businesses, and we always follow this same strategy, whether it be in stream or whether it be discovery, we want to provide customers with a memorable experience. They remember us for the right reasons. So let's unpack this model. As you can see, it's, I wouldn't say it's designed in the best possible way ever, but it's only because we only use it for internal use. And so you're tend to find that this is something we use internally, but we probably design it nice if we're actually using this for public consumption. But this kind of gives you a bit of an idea of how this works, right? So if we start with the offer, whilst your ad isn't going to be directly pushing people, like an in stream ad or direct response ads going buy this thing. We may want to talk about the fact that we have a particular offer, and we might subtly sell that. We might kind of seed it in the actual video itself. But I don't want to think of this being like, this has to sell something. Okay? I want you to think about your video that you're going to be creating here as, again, just that connection with your customer. And should you mention your products? That's fine, too, but you want to almost like, have this as, like an organic video you'll be proud to have on your channel, okay? And you would want people to find your video and get a lot of exposure to it. So we're not going to be going for the hard sell, but we may want to consider our offer. Now with the offer itself, we want to make sure it's a must have, so people feel like, oh, I should probably go and get that that's really useful. So you might have, like, a checklist or a helpful,

Speaker 3  24:29
I don't know, tool for people, or whatever it is that your lead magnet might be, or if you've got a particular product that you're selling, if you're an e commerce Store, then of course, mention that product as well and make sure it's easy to get. Okay, so there could be a link in your description. You can use what's called an end screen at the end of a video, or you can use cards on YouTube to link through to your site. But that's something that is to be considered as you create the video. But I want you to think of this as a. Uh, just a subtle sell, basically, for your product. Now you want to make sure you're tapping into the benefits, but here, I'm not necessarily saying you're going to be structuring the ad like this or the video like this. I'm more wanting you to think about what your messaging should be like for YouTube, and so be aware of your benefits. So the benefit your products, someone's going to get something or it's a quantifier. It's a quantifiable end result. So people feel like, should I actually go and continue this journey with you? I will achieve this end result? They're kind of quite clear with what that would be, okay and try and make it quantifiable. So it makes it easier for them to kind of think about your offer. But then what I want you to really get into and this is something that you will probably want to sit back and think about for a little while. Is what your customers deepest desires are deep down. What is it that connects with people? So let me give you a bit of an idea, because this is kind of something that's like the unconscious mind thinking. It's kind of more of your right brain thinking, where it's not easy to unpack it sometimes for your customers, and they won't be able to tell you either. It's more that you're understanding your customer at a deep level, and you can connect with them on that level. So let me give you some examples. Here's like a smorgasbord, let's say, of different emotions that drive behavior. And if you can connect with those emotions. People will think, I want what it is you have. I just don't know why, but I need it and I want it. And that's kind of the that's the way we want to advertise this audience, so we connect with them, so they feel like they want our stuff, but they're not necessarily sure why they want it just yet. So a great example of this is like how four by four vehicles are advertised on TV. So when you see like a four by four vehicle or an SUV on a TV advertising or TV advert, you're going to see that car driving up a mountainside or potentially going off roading and finding themselves on a secluded beach, where the driver gets out and goes surfing. Okay, the whole idea there is, they're selling you this idea of adventure. They're saying, if you buy this product, our brand promise to you is that you will experience adventure in your life. And hey, other people might even see you as being the adventurous type. So it's that kind of intrinsic motivation. I want to be more adventurous in my life. I want to feel adventure in my life, and extrinsically, I might want other people to see me as being that person. It's like an identity or a status that's desirable to other people around you. So a car really fits that, because the car is a vehicle, excuse the pun. The car is like the thing that makes adventure come to life for that individual. Okay, so if we show them adventure that really connects with people, and they're like, Ah, okay, cool. If I buy that car, I get adventure in my life. And that's kind of what you're selling at a brand level, okay? And that's kind of the idea you want to push to your customers, is that you're saying, if you engage with our brand, here's what I promise you'll feel and that is a really important part of the of the journey with somebody. So this is why, if you see like business franchise opportunities, or like most scammy people, let's say, or I don't know, on YouTube, you tend to see a lot of this recently, is you see people kind of promoting freedom and wealth, and they'll have like, their beautiful cars and boats and houses and all the rest of it, but that will attract a certain type of audience. Okay, not for me, and I'm sure it's not for you, either, but there is that going on. That's why that works, because people are buying I want that lifestyle. I want those things deep down. And it's probably not so subtle. We make it very obvious or very overt, but that happens, right? And that's what's happening in those videos. It's showing that, and people want it. But likewise with DIY tools, same thing, like any product pretty much has this. Okay, so when I was buying some DIY tools recently, we moved into a new house, and I've got a young baby, and so we were kind of doing up her room, and we had to put some shelving units up, and I just knew deep down that I thought to myself, I don't know if I can put the shelving unit up properly in the eyes of my father in law. That's what I was thinking. And I was thinking my father in law is going to come around, if those shelves aren't perfectly straight, he's going to say something, and that will mean that now my pride has been hurt, and my identity as someone who can be handy around the house has all but been obliterated, and that is not a good place to be for me when I kind of want to help out in the house, I want to be able to do these sorts of things. So there I go, down to the hardware store. I talk to the sales rep, and I'm like, which drill do I buy and what equipment do I need to buy to make sure I put these shelves up straight so my father in law sees straight shelves, and I pass the test, so to speak. And that's just trying to keep my identity and my pride intact. That's why I'm buying the product. And of course, no one could ever ask you that question. Say, Well, why are you buying this tool here today? I could never say because of pride and identity. That wouldn't be so. Something that would easily be talked about, however, that is the real reason why I bought. And it's the same with anything like, you're buying cars for adventure, you're buying and it doesn't make sense to people. You couldn't say it to other people, but that's why you buy. It's the emotion behind it. Like the car, you'll be like, well, it's very safe and it's got great mileage and and all the rest of it as well. So you're justifying but the real reason why you buy is the emotion, and that's what you that's what you really want to try and connect with with your customers. So just to give you an example, here is a video that we did with a client of ours who sells piano tuition. And the first thing we see is like her sit down at the piano in this meadow with a lake behind, the mountains behind and what we're doing is we're invoking that kind of complete creative freedom for people, because that's what people really want when they play the piano. They want to sit down at the piano and just lose themselves. And what feels like has been five minutes was actually an hour. And they get into that state of flow and feel great about playing piano, and they lose themselves completely. And that's what for Carmen Moran here. That's what she wanted her customers to feel like as soon as we tap into that, and we try to get the visuals to really represent that, if you're interested in playing piano and you see this, you're like, I want that. That's exactly what in seconds, like, that's how I'm going to remember you. And people don't forget it, you know, like, when you see that shot right there, and you think to yourself, I'm learning piano, and I'm going to learn in that cool way, like, I want to do it that way, and that's the emotion you're you're generating from people. You're thinking about the setting of your video, and you want to make sure that you connect with people on that at that emotional level. You can do this with copy to when you kind of like do a script, for example, but it's the visuals can be far more more powerful traditionally. So whilst we're not getting to get into the copy of your ad, because I want you to just provide really good content for people, and it could be like a 20 minute video, for example, I do want to make sure that you know that you're connecting with people at an emotional level. That's what you want people to remember from your videos, so they never forget you, and that's why your remarketing works so well. And you do decide to get back in front of people, and you might want to pull on their identity as well. This is kind of identity, I feel like is the best way to get people to take action. If you pull and create tension around identity, it can work really, really powerfully. So you're kind of saying, Well, who do you want to become? And who are you now? And you're going to give people the choice to say, or do you want to be this person or this person? Okay, now when you set it up, and I'll show you how to do this in just a second, when you set second, when you set it up, people will feel like, okay, I'm making a choice about who I want to be. And then later on the video, you can put tension on around that to say, Well, now's the time. Who are you going to be. How are you going to behave right now? Are you going to click the link and go and do the thing, or are you not going to do that? Because whatever behavior you show at this stage is a reflection upon who you are as an identity, and it's very difficult to not take action based on your identity. Like, that's why people, even if they don't go to the gym, people never cancel their or, very rarely, they cancel their gym membership, because they feel like, well, if I cancel my gym membership, that behavior there is telling me that I'm no longer someone that wants to be fit and healthy, and that's a really difficult thing to give up, because that's a nice, idealistic identity of like, I'm the sort of person that goes to the gym and stays healthy and likes to think about my wellness. That's kind of a nice identity we all like to move towards canceling a gym membership goes directly against that. It's very difficult to do that. That's why people have these gym memberships and never go. So when we think about identity, I'll show you an example of one of our clients that teaches guitar. We have clients that don't just teach music, by the way, but music tends to work very well on YouTube. So with this client, we set up those two identities, and you can kind of watch this video. I just want to make sure I've got my audio sharing here as well. Just cool. Okay, so now I'm going to play this video forwards, and we're setting up two identities here, and you can see how

Speaker 4  33:52
this works. The top shows a person who just dabbles at guitar. They'll go all in on something exciting, then have long stretches of time without actually playing. Every time they start up again, they go back to the beginning, never building on top of previous success. On the bottom is a person who quickly becomes a real guitar player because they commit to playing consistently. Above all else, these people go on to be real guitar players who can learn new songs, fast, play for their spouse, jam around the campfire or play in their church band. Every single one of them started right where you're at, sitting in front of a computer with your guitar in hand or nearby, sitting on the cusp of a major decision, will I be a dabbler or will I be a guitar player?

Speaker 3  34:32
Okay, so to add to this as well, we we've given the identity of who do you want to be? A dabbler or a guitar player, and so it's very difficult for someone to say, I'm going to say, I'm going to be a dabbler my whole life, but it also makes you feel like, well, I understand dabblers exist, and maybe I can recognize them and laugh at the fact that, yes, I'm probably a dabbler right now, and I much prefer to be a real guitar player. Okay, so we set those identities up, but then we also attach it to those benefits and those deep, desired emotions. So when. Tony Policastro here, the guitar tutor here, was talking to his customers, and really like grilling them on why they want to play guitar and what is important to them. They were talking about the fact that they want to play around a campfire, play in front of their family, playing, play in front of a significant other, join the church band, being part of a community. And for them, that's what guitar really is. It's connection, it's love. It's kind of like a desired emotion is like, I want to connect with other people and have fun and have memories and have and that's what the real reason why people want to play guitar. That's why it's on so many people's bucket lists. It's not because I want to, like, actually play the songs. It's because I want to have the experience of playing the songs I want to have. What is that giving to people? And those are examples where I think that if you're aware of what your customers really want deep down and what their emotion that would drive for people, that's the connection there. So set these two identities up in your videos to say there's two types of people, and you can choose who you want to be. And either choice is fine. It's just you're very clear about your customers and who they tend to be. Because when you do this, you come back to this model here. Your types of customers will all share a certain status level. They'll be part of a group. They'll be part of like a certain type of individual. I've been working with some a company just this morning, about a certain type of jeans that people wear, and they create these jeans that are designed for people that go to the gym and have a very different body shape, so to speak. And there's hardly any gyms that fit that body shape. So if you work out and you've got bigger legs and you've got a big bum and you've got a very small waist, for example, no jeans fit you. So for this company, when they're selling these jeans, which they haven't tapped into just yet. We're working on it this morning was like, there's a group of people that have this problem, and that group of people are dedicated, are motivated, are they got grit, and that's who they are. And so they're building this kind of persona and that status of these types of people, because then they can kind of say people like us, we buy genes like this, okay? And it's a it's a group in group behavior to buy these genes, okay? And we're fostering that from the very beginning, so the status comes through as well as the values. So what is it you stand for or stand against? What's the problems you want to put an end to? What's your challenge, what's your mission, but also what's your point of view on the world. Like, share that, because people can really connect with that. Because then they say, Ah, you're not only going to give me the emotion I want, but also I really connect with you. Like, if I buy this product from you, I'm going to feel great. And you do it in the way that I like it as well. So people like us, I understand now why we buy products that you sell. And it's a it's a social proof, it's a identity statement, it's a status of who you are as well, and and that will align with your customer there. But also feel free to get angry with your point of view. That's another thing. Like some of the greatest works of art have come from pure anger. Just think of like Guernica by Pablo Picasso. Out of pure anger. One of the best bits of art that's ever been created came from that emotion. And you can get ridiculously creative as well when you kind of tap into these emotions yourselves. So work out what you stand for, what you stand against, talk about your backstory, why you exist in the first place. Connect with people's values, because then there's going to be a behavioral norm for your types of customers. So people like us, we do things like this. That is what you want to be fostering whenever you think about your videos and the messaging behind your videos, and then people are going to have fears, of course, to move forwards, which might be like financial could be personal, so they think that they don't believe they can do it themselves, or it may be strategic, like, is this the right time? Will this fit into everything else I'm doing right now? But don't worry too much about that. For this type of video, this type of video, I just want you to be aware of the connection you want to make with people so they remember you for the right reason. Okay, cool. So with that in mind, those are the types of videos. So that's discovery ads. The type of content you want to do is, can be how to videos could be inspirational. Videos can be the best ways of doing things. Videos just looking to provide value and entertain people, but connect with them as well. And then we're going to target people based on search traffic here. Okay, so the way we do that is, there's so many different types of ways of targeting your customers on YouTube. I don't want to get into all of them, but what we want to think about is really high engagement rates, and the only way we're going to do that, really to start with, is understanding the type of customer we can get in front of, who's going to really engage with our content. So if we think about the type of customers that you might do business with, we've got like, checkout shoppers, store shoppers and window shoppers in real life, those kind of would be the types of shoppers we'd have, but they exist online as well. So when you think about the targeting types and you map them onto the individuals, then you can say, right, well, the type of people that really engage with this content, who are looking for what it is that we do right now, and we can get in front of a really good audience. Here will be those. Store shoppers, and I want to share with you how to do placement targeting for this strategy.

Speaker 3  40:05
So there's a tool called adzula.com and I'm I love the guy who runs it, Alex, he's amazing, but I'm not affiliated in any way, but it's a great tool. And also, you can start with just a $1 trial, but this will speed up your process massively. So you can go inside the tool and you can type in like things, like best businesses to start in 2021 so you just start with a keyword. You think, okay, I reckon people might be typing in this, because my content, I'm right. Like creating a video around, kind of covers that, for example, it'll be obviously different for everybody. So if it was like a trading education client, I think someone said it, it'd be like how to trade stocks, or best strategies for trading options, something like that. Now, when you've got that, you can then you can see the different options on the right hand side there, based on relevancy, you can grab 300 videos all that rank in the United States. And what it's going to do is it grabs you loads and loads of videos. Now it's actually grabbed us 300 videos. That's how many we requested. And if you can see there on the left hand side, it says, just underneath the save button, it says total views. So there's 54 million views for videos around this content. So that's a hell of a lot. Okay? And we would go through that list, and we'd choose which ones are relevant and which ones we don't want to choose, but they're going to be like, 95% relevant. You want to anytime someone's watching that content, you want to say, Yeah, I want to target that because then my videos appear on the right hand side or underneath the videos they're currently watching. And so as soon as they start scrolling, they're going to see our videos as you see my video thumbnail, so to speak. And that's kind of really ensuring that when you're targeting your customers, you're showing up at exactly the right time, like if you're watching that content, my content is very similar, but a little bit better. That's what you're hoping for, right? So this is a great way of having your ads appear in front of the right customers at the right time. And if you click on the get results button, it's going to open up a window. Here. You can get the URLs of all these videos, and it builds you a massive list of videos that you can then target. And when you build your ad account, or, sorry, when you build your ad campaign, you then just take all of those URLs and use placement targeting. So it's saying, like, should anyone watch any of these videos, your discovery ad, your video thumbnail, will appear underneath or on the right hand side when they're watching those videos. So it's very, very specific. It's great timing. It's when they're looking there's not a better timing for YouTube, really. Okay, so we're going to target people based on that search traffic that using placement targeting. And then we're going to do is we're going to do is we're going to optimize for engagement. So unlike something like a pre roll or an in stream ad, which you run on YouTube, where people can skip the ad after five seconds, we're not doing that that gets bad engagement rates, and it's not going to help the channel grow if you're running that as a publicly available video on your channel. Instead, what we're doing is we're saying we're not so worried about click through rates and people going buying right now, what I can do is just give our current people that are searching for what it is. We can offer them an amazing experience, something that makes them feel like not remembered you. I bonded with you. You've got a great story in your videos, whatever it might be, you're just providing people great content, even like a presentation I'm doing right now, will be perfect content for people. So it means that people kind of get a real good connection with you, and you optimize for engagement. So what I mean? What do I mean by that? Well, you can go to your YouTube stats. So if you've if you've got a video existing already, this is one with Pat Flynn, who we work with, you can take the video, and then if you look a little bit further down, when you look at the stats of that particular video, that analytics you can see it kind of shows you this graph where it shows you the viewer retention of that particular video. Now if you click, see more underneath, it'll take you through to open up a little bit more for you here. And what you can see there is your video audience retention. So that blue line underneath the video is showing you how long people watch for. So I've stopped at around about 50% of the way through the video, which is like six minutes, 32 out of 12 minutes, 57 and you can see that at that point there's still 30% of people watching the video. So roughly halfway through the video, 30% of people are still watching that video, and that's a great benchmark for you, because then you can say, right, I want to optimize when I'm running my ads. I want to make sure we kind of get the same level of engagement, if not better, perhaps. And so then you can optimize your placements that you're running for that activity. Now what I mean by that? So let's say, for example, we've got this six minutes 32 and we optimize for a 50% mark at and we want to try and hit a 30.2% engagement rate. Okay, so what we do? And this is just another example different client, because I wanted to talk through different ideas here. But for this video in particular, we're actually optimizing for 75% of the way. Through the video, but you can see that the timing here is 17 minutes and 23 seconds. So you can create good, long content. That's the great thing about YouTube is that people have a lot of time on YouTube. The average session duration on YouTube is 40 minutes plus. So people have a lot of time on YouTube. And you can see here on the right hand side the placements those the individual videos. So it's come up as the titles of those videos that we're advertising on, and it's going to give you all the stats on the right hand side. So how many views you've got? So we've got, in total, 2460 views, if you look at that column there. But each video has got obviously different view counts, and it's different for every video. But what we want to try and optimize for is for this client, it will show you in a second the total spend has been $355.21 it's actually set at $5 a day. It's been running for a little while, and the percentage of people watching 75% of the video is 14.07% that's on par with the video they've currently got organically, and you're going to see that some placements actually perform a lot better than that. So we've got some placements that you can see. The highest one there, I think, is like 24% 24 point 14% and there's many, many videos. I think we've got 300 videos in total. So we could probably optimize this. In fact, I know we could optimize this a lot better from a lot of the videos there, but we're getting great results, and we're seeing that level of engagement. So that means the number of people watching 13 minutes of the video has been 346 people have done that. So 346 people from the ad spend that we spent have watched 13 minutes of Ryan's content, if not more, at least 30 minutes, I should say. And that means the cost for someone to watch 30 minutes of the video here costs $1.03 now, whilst you we can't guarantee that we've generated a lead or a sale just yet, I'm not worried about that, because I know that if someone watches 13 minutes of this content, they're not forgetting the video. They're not forgetting this brand. They're not forgetting forgetting Ryan in this instance, and it's cost you $1 to achieve that result. So whilst they're not in your CRM just yet, I don't really care. I'm like saying I've connected with someone at such a deep level, and now they're on my remarketing list as well. So the second time I touched them, my second in stream ad at this point, my chances of getting to convert and buy and that lifetime customer value, because that first touch point was so powerful and it wasn't asking for a sale on that first touch point, you've built a connection with people now. Not only that, you've obviously built your YouTube channel and you've grown that as well. But you can actually look at some of the data here from the YouTube side as well. So you can see the total spend again, was $355.21 the total watch time was 100 from just YouTube Advertising activity. You can see there on the right hand side, it's been 160 hours point one hours. So that means the cost per minute watched has cost us three cents, 3.7 cents. So the cost per minute has been like three three cents. It's just insane how good that is. And I don't think you can get this anywhere else on the internet. So have that much of a connection with the video. Have so many people watch 13 minutes, if not more of the video, and it's costing you three cents per minute watched. It's really exciting. Plus also, we've 2.3x the traffic for that particular video. So when we when you know you've created a good video, the worst thing you can have on YouTube is you release the video and then no one sees it, and it's boring, right, or boring for you, because you've done all this work and effort and no one sees the fruits for your labor, and it doesn't go anywhere on YouTube. That's exhausting. This way, you're kind of guaranteeing that you're going to get great exposure to the videos if you want to, and it's only going to cost you $5

Speaker 3  48:45
a day. So now what we can do is actually build those remarketing lists and get them ready for your In Stream Ads or other ads you might want to run. And that's we've talked about that many times before, but so don't go too deep into that today. But when you build your remarketing lists when you do this, this is inside the account. You can see here that if you go to your shared library and you go to your audience manager, it's just a option with inside your ad account, it'll open up a window if you choose your YouTube audience here. And you can see that if you look at that box there, which says list members, it says there viewed any video from a channel. Now there's many options here, because there's a drop down there. So if you look at the options here, you can see, viewed any video from a channel, viewed certain videos, viewed any video as an ad from a channel, viewed certain videos as ads. Subscribe to a channel, visit the channel page and liked any video from a channel and added any video to a playlist or shared any video from a channel as well. There's so many actions that people can take on your videos, and you can build remarketing lists based off those actions. Now I would not build my remarketing lists straight out the gate. You want to optimize those audience. First get it. So it's like, you get really high engagement rates. You can amplify that. You can maybe even spend more money, and you start building that remarketing list, and it'll grow really quickly. Like, you can easily get a lot of views that well, it depends on the niche you're in, but you can spend a lot of not necessarily spend a lot of money, but you can get a lot of views, and build those remarks and lists really quickly, and then have them geared up so you show them an in stream ad in a three day window, a seven day window, a 14 day window, whatever window you think would work best. And then you but you're priming this audience with this first touch point where they really bond with your brand, and your second touch point with your ads, you can then say, right, I'm going to get back in front of this traffic with an ad that's like an like an in stream ad, but it cost you far less because you're running to a remarketing audience, instead of being in those really expensive places. So I know firsthand, if we advertise in the financial education space, it can cost you a fortune per view, sometimes, like about $1 per view. Even this strategy now we're getting that cost for exposure, for being like super, super low, building that remarketing list, and then we can get a second ad in front of them for far cheaper than it would be on a cold touch points and and whilst there's two touch points, it means you just get an opportunity to put your brand in front of them first and then follow up with them afterwards. This is a strategy we'll be rolling out for every single client, and we're getting great results. Across the board. It's almost like we can't fail doing this. You're just optimizing for that engagement, and if you even if it goes horribly wrong on one day, you lost $5 it's not the end of the world, you know, but this really primes you, because you're gonna start to see which targeting works really well. You can do this for keywords as well. You can do it for custom audiences, a bit more difficult to do it with custom audiences. With custom audiences, but you can definitely do it with keywords pretty easily. It scales much easier on keywords as well. So you get your channel growth, you get your remarketing lists, and you get to see what targeting works, and then you can take that and go into your cold campaigns to In Stream Ads, and then really scale from there. But this is a great ramp on into advertising on YouTube and not having to spend a fortune to find amazing results and also have a great experience for your customers. And I really feel like this is the future of where YouTube is going, because you can really build your brand on YouTube, and it's a very, very powerful thing indeed. Okay, I'm open for some Q and A but hopefully that presentation has been very useful, and now you can find how you can get your get in front of your customers for just $5 a day on YouTube as well. Thank you so much for listening, and hopefully there's some beer tickets in there

Speaker 1  52:37
somewhere. So Sam, what questions do you want to pull out of the question box for Tom?

Speaker 2  52:44
Oh, fantastic presentation. Tom, by the way, I was one of the people who is sending you beer tickets.

Speaker 3  52:51
Thank you. Well, you're coming to the UK soon, I think so that on that.

Speaker 2  52:58
So Theresa Sid Mac asked, Is it a good idea to send your links on your site to your videos on YouTube, or have the videos stay on your site? Oh, I think she's asking, should your links in your video in your video description? Maybe she means Theresa, can you? I

Speaker 3  53:16
can probably answer around that as well. So if you've released a video and you had it on your site, like a blog post, like, keep it there. Don't get people back onto YouTube. Don't worry about that. So that's one thing. If you release a video on YouTube, then in the links, in the description, yeah, you can have a link through to your site, for sure. I normally use shortened links, something like Bitly, for example, just because then you can use UTM parameters in there as well and just track your traffic a little easier. But you can also do that with end screens. So if you want a clickable link at the end of your video, you can use, like, what's called an end screen, or, yeah, I think that's called end screens. My mind's gone blank on what they're called, actually, at the moment. And then you also have the opportunity to use cards as well with YouTube. So there's those are like the comes up a so called white icon, and then you can click that, and it will open up a window within your YouTube video, and you can click through to your site at that point as well. So few options of getting clickable links to your site.

Speaker 2  54:14
Excellent. We have Nick light up. Who asks, how well have you seen this work with clients that don't have a YouTube presence. Maybe they don't have any videos or very few videos on their channel and have no desire to build it out or build out their channel, that

Speaker 3  54:28
is okay. Yeah. So if there's any client that just has no interest in building out their channel, then obviously that's one piece that you're going to miss out on. I would say that every brand should think about this, because I think that having a YouTube presence is really key. People go looking for you and want to see more content from you, and it's if it's not there, it's frustrating for them. But I would say that if you want to use a strategy for the reason of like, finding great targeting that works for very cheap, that's that's really the reason why we got into it to begin with. And. Because we wanted to make sure that we could find that targeting really quickly, without having to spend a fortune and then use that to springboard us into cold traffic. So that's really the reason we use it for our big, big clients. But if someone's not got content yet, I just say, look, we've got to create some content and promote that content and just build a connection with the

Speaker 2  55:18
audience. Excellent. And Jeremy Standiford asks for the offer. Would you do a lead magnet or a paid offer?

Speaker 3  55:26
Either? I mean, I think that a lot of people that we work with have, like, try and do this with long videos. So be like, 1520 minutes, and that's enough time to get people to buy something from you as well. Like, you can build a real connection. Doesn't matter the fact that they're not on your site just yet. I'm just interested in building a relationship with somebody and they connect. You know, I don't mind where it is, like you're hopefully connecting with me and we're on Zoom, and it's in the middle of nowhere, right? You'd have to be on my website to want to buy from me, and that's all you're doing, is you're just building a connection with people to get them to buy from you, or think about buying from you, because then you're in stream, as you follow up with will do that work for you. But yeah, it can be straight to sale, or it can be a straight to a lead magnet, whatever you wanted.

Speaker 2  56:12
It to be awesome. So we have Allah el getit, who asked Do any of the recent private, privacy related developments like iOS 14 future chrome releases have a negative impact on the remarketing.

Speaker 3  56:27
Unfortunately, I think there's it's been hit a little bit, but I thought iOS is gonna have a much bigger impact on Google than it did. I think there's a lot of hype around it. We haven't really seen any issue with that at all, to be honest, and this is all kind of on the YouTube side as well. So it's not like we're building a website remarketing list here. We're building a YouTube remarketing list, right? And so it's a slightly different audience here, and and so, yeah, so I would this is, it's a great way of bypassing all those website iOS issues.

Speaker 2  56:59
I would actually like to make, oh, I'm sorry. I'd actually make like to make comment on that, because I run Facebook ads for different companies, and so I do a lot of Facebook lead forms which does not take them off the Facebook platform, that does not impact tracking at all. So I always know exactly how many leads I have. So the simple fact that you are not that your remarketing lists are not being built off of YouTube, right? So that I would think maybe that would mean your your total numbers of people in lists like, that's not going to look different than it really

Speaker 3  57:30
is, exactly right? Yeah, I think that it's going to be pretty accurate. It's going to be you're using YouTube's platform or Google's platform and Google's ad platform, so it should be pretty accurate, you know. But again, I'm not, I'm not my I think we can probably talk about data and tracking and attribution and all this sort of stuff forever. I think that the way I'm looking at it, and especially for a longer term perspective, is to say privacy is getting stronger and stronger, and it's only going one way. It's not going to be like, Oh, hang on a second. We made a mistake here. You can have all the data. Have all the data back. And so the way I look at it is like, well, let's just embrace it, lean into it and say, Well, the way people buy stuff is they have a good connection with a brand, and they want the products, and they go buy it. You know exactly that's kind of where I'm thinking is like, whether it says, I haven't, whether it says, like, someone watched the video and then bought and then bought, and I didn't track it perfectly. I'm kind of aware of that, and know that happens. That's always been the case with YouTube anyway, because people see a video and then go to Google and go and buy, and the attribution goes back to the Google Ad rather than the YouTube ad, and and things are changing with data driven attribution and things, but I look at it as like a more of a bigger picture, like I'll ignore the data for now. What is the experience I want to give to my customers that make them customers that make them want to buy? Let's start there, and then see what data I can get

Speaker 1  58:46
from it later. I've been watching the digital platform squeeze advertisers for 20 years. It's always something. They're always coming to thin the herd. This always goes on. And here's every time it happens, here's what happens. A whole bunch of people get weeded out, and they go like, you know, flying backwards and disappearing. I mean, I lots of times they literally go out of business. And then what happens to the ones that navigate through it is they're stronger, they're more profitable, and they have less competition. And there's two pieces to this that determine whether you survive. The first one is, are you marketing in a way that is congruent with real human beings, or are you always a. It's a hack, it's a gray hat. It's a it's like, you're, you're always trying to pull some rabbit out of a hat, because you learn some cool thing on some webinars somewhere. Okay, the people that are like, always on that edge are really precarious. And then the other thing is, are you on your game? Like, are you a member of Renaissance club showing up for the Tom Brees webinar? Like, are you in the forum learning what's going on? Are you at the city tour where Bob Rae's talked about this iOS 14 thing for about a half an hour, because he's right in the smack in the middle of it, like, are you on the heartbeat? And there's like, there's a right way to be on the heartbeat and a wrong way to be on the heartbeat, and the right way is congruent with the customer, like, real human beings. Like, there's lots of people, they design their marketing for machines, and then they get a really good result for a little while, and then they change the machine. Like, I can't tell you how many of these things I've ridden through. I mean, I've been banned from Google, I've been banned from Facebook, I've lost my keywords. And like, I've had, like, the SEO thing happens, and I just, I had all of that happen to me. Okay, so, so, like, I wouldn't be caught dead, not in a mastermind group. And like, there is no law the universe that says you have to use everything that's available in Renaissance club. If you use 15 or 20% of it, you're good, but you better use some of it.

Speaker 2  1:01:48
Hello. So that's gold. That's gold. There are no shortcuts when it comes to online marketing.

Speaker 1  1:01:55
Well, there's no shortcuts when it comes to human beings. Yeah, there's all kinds of shortcuts in technology, but, but there's not shortcuts when it kind of like, are you delivering value? Frankly, most planet period, people deliver more value than they think they do, and their problem is they're too modest and they're too meek and they're too mild. That's a whole nother story.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:19
Great. Thank you so much. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:02:22
just wrap up. Is there any like, last little thing you feel like we need to

Speaker 2  1:02:29
just one last quick thing? Scott Marlowe, could you speak to the adzula versus two buddy comparison?

Speaker 3  1:02:35
Okay, so adzula is going to grab you a load of placements, and it's gonna it's kind of, it's kind of using the YouTube API to grab loads of videos, like URLs and videos that are very relevant to your audience. Tube Buddy is, as I understand it, but more of like a analytical tool to look at what you're currently watching on YouTube, for example. But I think you might be thinking it as tube sift. And if it is tube SIFT, it's a competitor with adzula. I just like adzula, it's much faster. And I'm all about speed. I tend to work quite quickly. And like, if anything takes 15 seconds to load, I'm like, Oh, that feels like three hours. Adzulu works quicker.

Speaker 1  1:03:11
All right, this has been great. Well. Tom I'll see you in jolly old England. We'll be seeing you guys in Round Table meetings in England, city tour meetings in England. Perry Marshall live in San Francisco. Perry Marshall live in Dallas. You don't have to live in San Francisco to go to it. You can be from anywhere. And great, great job. Tom very clear. I just love the way you explain things. So bye. Everybody appreciate it, guys, bye, guys, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai