Speaker 1  00:00
Okay, so my way of getting feedback from you over this presentation is, if I say something is useful or helpful that you can put into your business, just say, get that man a beer ticket. Okay, it's an easy way of me knowing that, like, Oh, cool. You like something that's cool. If there's no beer tickets at the end of this, then I'm going to be slightly worried. So I might just kind of ask you to buy me some beers during this presentation. But, yeah, I will do my best to give you everything I know in this time. We have to just make sure you get what you need to start making YouTube ads working for you just by show of hands. How many of you are running ads on YouTube right now? Okay, we've got a good half the room or so. How many of you have run ads on YouTube and then have stopped running ads on YouTube by show of hands, okay, pretty much all the hands that went up to begin with, you are not alone. So many brands are struggling with YouTube right now, and there's been a lot of change, and I want to talk about why that change happened and how you can take advantage of it and make your cash register ring again. All right, so let's talk through this. So this is the quarterly revenue for YouTube, and you can see that for a long time they've had a nice growth margin. They've been doing pretty well as a platform. They can't complain too much. And then just over the next kind of period here, it's not looking quite so good. Oh, okay, there we go. And there's a lot of news coming out at the moment about like, YouTube shrinking, YouTube struggling, Tiktok taking over, and revenue dropping. And this for YouTube is a challenge. They've got an issue on their hands, and they don't know what to do about it. Now, when they have this, then you think to yourself, Okay, cool. Well, how do we continue to grow as a platform that's got to be on YouTube's mind constantly, right? How do we continue to get back to those days? Really, really good, and grow as a platform? Well, one that can try and add more users, because as a platform, as we know, okay? So they can try and add more users to the platform and say, right? Can we get more users? Because then there's more eyeballs, we can sell more ads. And they tried that, and it's getting to the point of saturation. So you can see this growth over since 2010 looking good, happy, and then it's starting to plateau out over these years. So one is adding more users. They tried that. They'll continue to try and do that, and it's probably going to be a challenge for them. It's not going to be as easy as it was previously. They can run on more ads, and you probably all experience this on YouTube. You go to YouTube, you press play on a video, and now it doesn't say showing you one ad. It now says showing ad one of two, right? We're starting to see more, more ads like that, and you can see ad one of two here. All right, so that's another way they can do it. One that's happened really recently is maybe they can just take money back from the creators. And this is scary, really, because a lot of people make their living by creating videos, put them on YouTube, get a lot of revenue from their AdSense, and that's kind of a model for a lot of people. That's why Mr. Beast made like 50 million last year. Million last year, or whatever it was. Now, I'm not to say that this is happening for sure, but there's a lot of YouTubers that I've seen recently that said, Oh, I don't know what it is, but all of our revenue, of our ads have just disappeared. It's just gone. And that's they're playing quite a dicey game as they're starting to take money away from creators now, whether they get their back or not, whether it's an algorithm shift or whatever, but it is definitely something that's going to be an issue. So the other one is just charge advertisers more. That's the that's the way they do it really. At the day they say, right, those advertisers will just give them, like, charge them some more money. And that's probably what's happened to a lot of you in the room. You've realized that, hang on a second. Realized that, hang on a second, the cost of advertising has shot up on YouTube, and it's not easy to survive. Now, when we look at this, in the past, YouTube was favoring the advertiser, because they build this platform, and they need more and more advertisers to come to the platform to create competition so they can start increasing the cost of advertising, and it gets to the point where, like, well, more advertisers, but there's going to be a certain number that we can put on the advertiser, a certain CPM we can go to before No one can afford it any longer, and the advertisers start leaving. And at that point, when they found that optimal moment where they then tend to do and this goes with any platform, they shift their attention to say, right, we've got the advertisers now. Now the job is to keep the users happy. Let's make sure the user experience is as good as possible. Yeah, they shift their attention, shift their focus, to make it more user friendly, make it better for the platform. And this will come to show you what this means. So they made this really I mean, it's sneaky, but I think it's just a genius move of how they approach this. So it wasn't just a case of increasing the CPM or increasing the cost of advertising for YouTube advertisers, they've done in a slightly different way that is going to benefit the user and benefit the platform long term. So and if you've been struggling with YouTube, this has been pretty much the root cause of why the issue exists, and I'll show you how to navigate that and get. Through that system. So let me explain all right, so this is a typical YouTube ad. We're all familiar Well, this actually a YouTube video. We're familiar with that. And then you press play, and then before you know it, an ad pops up in front of you. This is called an in stream ad. This is how most people run their ads on YouTube. And you'll have this bottom left hand corner where you have, like, a white box or the blue button you can click that goes to the site, and actions happen, so to speak. And when you run it like that, then this is kind of the ad format that I've been doing for 10 years now. Okay, I've been on the platform. As of Sunday, just gone. I've been advertising on YouTube for 10 years, since my first ad run on YouTube, and I know this well. So just as an intro to me and a bit a little bit about me, I've been advertising online for 13 years. Been doing 10 years of YouTube advertising. As of Sunday, we run an agency that do pay for results. We oversaw 22 million in ad spend last year. We're building some software on YouTube as well that I've shown a few of you around. But really what I'll say is like, I see what works and what doesn't work. We do a lot of consultancy with big brands. We work with very small brands, and we kind of see what works and what doesn't work. And we see a lot of data across a lot of accounts. Now, when it comes to these ads, then the thing around this is that if you want to work out the formula of running these ads, this is what it is. It's your CPM, your cost of advertising, or your cost per Miller, or cost per 1000 impressions, and I'll do a little graph in the bottom right hand corner, divided by your click through rate of your ad. That's the number of people who've seen your video watch it play and they click the video to go to the site, multiplied by your conversion rate on your website, whatever that would be for whatever action you're asking for, and that will equal your CPA, your cost per acquisition. Now, as advertisers, we have leaders, right? We can do things to improve numbers, and we're like, cool, I want to try and improve this number. I want to try and improve this number. And I was quite familiar with like, okay, cool. I can control the CTR, a better ad, with a stronger call to action, a better offer, perhaps that click through rate, I can probably influence a little bit and improve it cool. That's in my hands. That's what I get paid for, the conversion rate. I'm not necessarily an expert at website conversion rate, but that's still within our hands. Like the brand or the customer should be able to say cool when they come to the site. I can design the page better. I can do a better version, a better offer, whatever it'll be, and you can increase, increase increase that click through rate. The one thing that I didn't have control of was this number, the CPM and I never really thought to tackle it. I was like, well, it just is what it is. It's like, if it goes up, it's up. It's bit more competition, perhaps. And I never really investigated it. I was like, okay, cool. Well, what is it that affects CPMs, and can I control it? Because we started to see these huge swings in CPM data. And I was like, Wait a second, last month it cost us $10 CPM. This month is $50 CPM. And then you're like, wow, it's now $110 CPM. What the hell is going on? I was like, how do we control this? I was like, that's what got me really into this? I was like, okay, cool. Is it the targeting? Yes, it can have an impact, but not huge impacts, not like 10x cost CPMs, swings. Could it be the bid strategy? Maybe? Was it due to competition that's going to have an impact? Could it be seasonality? So one of our clients plays sells a lot of golf products in the summer. It's gonna be different for the winter, and could be advertigue. If you're running the ad for a long time, that's that CPM just increase because it's a lower performing ad. Perhaps, is it the length of ad that is something that influenced a bit more than everything else here. So if you run a longer ad, your CPM will be a little bit higher that that does you do see that? But it wasn't the big thing that was making these swings happen. I couldn't explain it, and then I discovered something unusual about 18 months ago, and it's the same time as when YouTube started to see this decline. Now I've only managed to connect the dots. Now, okay, I didn't at the time. I was like, Okay, I just just seeing what's happening in the marketplace right now, but yeah, this, this happened around about the same time, and I was like, What is going on around here that is affecting how we're advertising? And it's the relationships between the numbers I hadn't looked at before. Okay, so this is your CPM and your CTR. Those are numbers I didn't think we would pair together or have any sort of relationship with each other. Okay, I didn't think that your click through rate would impact your CPM or vice versa. I didn't think there'll be a relationship there. Just didn't think to look and that was the correlation we had. And we did it across loads of different ads, and there's obviously a little bit of deviation away from the mean, but you can see the relationship is pretty clear there, and we started seeing it across multiple accounts.

Speaker 1  09:49
Now, when we noticed that we're like, Well, why is that happening? Why is unlike other platforms? Because on Facebook, for example, if you increase your CTRs, you normally get a lower CPM. You've done a good job. The. Platform likes you, but YouTube's not the same. I was like, Well, why is that? And then I thought, well, it's actually pretty obvious. YouTube doesn't want their users leaving the platform. That's what it is. So if you run an ad that gets people, lots of people, to click your ad and leave the platform, YouTube are like, Well, wait a second, I can't run ads to them anymore. Can't make any more money. Yeah, does everyone get that? Yeah? Okay, cool. Okay, perfect. So this is like, right? What do I do? What do I do about this? Do I lean into it? Do I try and fight it? But what I really noticed was that and this, and you would do this, if you, if you ran YouTube, you would do the same thing. This is a clever move from them. I'm not saying this is like a huge it's a huge problem for direct response advertisers, but it's not insurmountable to overcome it. But YouTube was saying, Well, what do we want? We want brand advertisers that don't ask for a call to action and just show their beautiful new car driving along a mountainside. Great, do we show that? Yeah, that's actually they'll pay a lot of money those people, and they don't ask for a call to action, brilliant. Let's get more brand advertisers. It keeps everyone on platform, keeps everyone happy. I mean, just by show of hands, who wakes up in the morning and thinks, oh, I can't wait to see a direct response ad on YouTube. Okay, we're a different crowd. A few advertisers in here, like, yeah, I want to, I want to use that. I want to strip it and understand exactly what's going on. Yeah. So that is like they know that the platform is not a great experience for a user when they have those ads that say, and one more thing, give me 90 seconds and I will show you and all this crap. You know, it's and I don't think any of us really love creating those videos, either. Like, who sits there and writes them and thinks, oh, I can't wait to show my grandparents this ad that I've just created, you know, like, it's not something you feel beautifully proud of when you create those videos anyway they work, but YouTube is starting to favor brand advertisers, so it's a better experience for the user. And really, if you look at those curves and the graphs I showed you earlier, YouTube needs to keep those users they've already got and monetize them, but keep them happy at the same time, you know? So this is like, if they paired CPMs and CTRs, that's the root cause of the issue, you know? If you if you now know that's the case, you can start to do something about it, and that's what I want to share with you. All right, then YouTube went one stage further that I didn't think they needed to. They're just like they had the dagger into direct response advertisers now, like, oh, and sort of shove it a little bit further in. So what they did is they discontinued content targeting. Now, if any of us advertising on YouTube will know that, kind of like, the coolest thing about YouTube was that you could be really specific about where you showed your ads. You could say, right, if they watched this video, you could select the URL the video they were about to watch and say, I want to run it just in that video. That video. And then you can say, Do you know what if they watch a video from that channel, or they have typed in this keyword, or they've watched videos with those keywords in or if they're watching this general topic of targeting, we can then advertise to them for conversion based campaigns, which is what direct response advertisers live on. Those have gone away. You can't advertise in the same way as you used to. If you have them in your account, you'll probably see that you can't make any edits to them, and they'll they'll be discontinued. They're going away. I thought they going away at the start this year. They've hung on for some reason. But, yeah, you can't build any campaigns that target placements, keywords or topics any longer, and similar audiences are going away as well. So quite those are kind of like the stock places to start as an advertiser on YouTube, not where you kind of want to end up, but definitely like getting started with YouTube that was like the obvious go to, and that's why I wrote the book with Perry. I was like, Perry, we're gonna have to start all again. That's all right. He was so pleased with my approach to that. All right, so what do we do about this? Is everyone following so far? Yeah, okay, cool, perfect. Any questions, actually, do you know what else questions at the end? So write them down and we'll have a big Q and A session. Oh, thank you. Who said that? I'm going to hold you down to that. Tom, thank you very much. All right, so I was there thinking, right, what do I do? Do I lean into this? Or do I fight it? I'll be quite honest, I fought it. That's what I thought I'd do to begin with. Thought, You know what? Me versus YouTube? I'll win. That's not a great decision to begin with. But I did try and fight it for a while, and then after kind of, like, results not coming through for clients very often, I was like, Holy crap, this is a problem. Now, I came from the SEO world before I got into video, and I knew that I'd experienced that issue generally, like we had, like SEO had worked a certain way for ages. And I was like, You know what? That way doesn't work anymore, and we either adapt or die. Basically, same thing with Google ads. Ran Google ads for a long time. That's how I built my first business, and then I got all the Google slaps and everything like that. They favor the advertiser, and to the point where they're like, Okay, now we need to favor the user, so we're gonna get rid of the bad advertisers, as I say, bad advertisers, the ones that they don't favor at that moment in time. So my decision was. Like, am I an adopter? Do I adopt new ways, like an early adopter? Do I try and find and pioneer different ways to go? Or am I an adapter? Am I going to be like, I'm going to begrudgingly hold on to what's working or what has been working and not change and then just slowly peter out with results? I was like, Okay, I probably want to do the former rather than the latter, right? And that's a question I have for you guys. Like, when, if you're running YouTube ads right now and you're having a struggle with it, you've got to decide, like, do I care? And in the same thing, because that still does work. I'm not, like, completely poo pooing out. I'm just saying it's getting harder. It will only get harder. But, like, there's a, there's like, a, we're at the end of that relationship to work in that way. So should we try and should we try and fight it? Now, most people try and fight it. This is what I did. I try to increase my click through rates. Okay? And most people who do this as well end up writing ads have more hype in them. We have to do a lot of testing to see what ads work. And that gets really expensive. No one ever really pays attention to the cost of testing, it's actually quite expensive, and you can end up burning your brand a little bit as well, because you say things that you over promise them. And get to this site, they're like, I'm not sure I really believe in you any longer, and that's a really difficult relationship to get back out of. You know, you can't once it's said, they'll remember you for it, especially with video, it's kind of such a memorable medium that you want to make sure that you come across in the right way whenever you do your video, so it can reduce your conversion rate in your site. By doing that, your CPMs can go through the roof, because as your click through, rate goes up and your CPAs go up, that's the trend. That's what's happening on YouTube. If you try and fight it, you're going to continue to see more of this. Okay. Now, does it still work? Yes, it does still work, but you do need to bring your A game to the platform. You need to have everything dialed in. Okay? You have to have great ads, you have to have a great offer, you have to have great margins, you have to great conversion rates on your site. And getting that started with YouTube is not easy. You can't just migrate from Facebook and say, let's just do the same thing on YouTube. Doesn't work in the same way. Okay, you treat YouTube completely differently. So there's other ways. And this has taken me a long time to develop, but I want to share it with you. So what we're gonna do is, when I lean into it and I've got a smaller I did find the solution, or I found a solution that's working really well. Okay, now these are some of the results we've got. So we sell, we sell all types of things on YouTube. And the what we found is that, like E commerce is harder than Legion. And you're also going to find that hobby based stuff can work really well on YouTube. If there's anything business related on YouTube, tends to really do well. So if you've got high margins or the customer value is really high, you should be able to do really, really well on YouTube. So, but we sell things like art courses, and we get 2.29x row as this is just this year alone. We have a client that builds or teach people how to build agencies. They're booked call went from $217 down to $60 there we had, like a business buying mastermind. This is, like the big one. So we spent 4000 pounds every month for January, February March, and it made 90,000 pounds in January, February March. It's 170,000 pounds in total. So the ROAs can be ridiculously high, depending on what you're selling. With this strategy, you won't be able to scale it to the moon. That's one drawback for this is that you can't go and spend probably more than $200 to $500 a day. You struggle to get past that mark. But the brilliant thing about this, when you do it, you're gonna get so much data, you're gonna start to see exactly what videos work, what targeting works. You can use all the placements, keywords and topics like you can't do elsewhere. So you can get all this data in, understand what works, and then from there you can then scale up. It gives you the perfect platform to then scale so we do really, really real estate investing, 2.4x ROAs, selling financial advice, 8.4x ROAs, and then marketing coaching that 10x ROAs as well. So these are just from this year. So this is this strategy working, and do you want me to break this down for you? Yeah, cool. Okay, well, you just joined my No, I'm just kidding. All right, so here's what we do.

Speaker 1  19:13
We purposefully reduce the click through rate. Okay, that's the key to doing all of this. And that might sound really strange, because direct response advertisers are like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, you do not touch my click through rate that only goes one direction that's up, okay, abandon that for a second and just think to yourself, Okay, cool. We're going to do this purposefully, because we're going to bring down that CPM, okay, and by doing that, we're also going to do in a certain way that massively increases your click through, your conversion rate on your site, which will massively drop your CPAs. Okay, that's the math of the situation. And for Eddie Brits in the audience, maths in the situation. Cool. Okay, so we do it to start with using in feed, video ads, all right. So this is an in stream. We don't start there. We will get there. Okay, but we don't get started there. Instead, what we do is we do these ads. So you might type in a search query, you get to YouTube and you see all these videos appear in the search results. You can pay to be at the top, okay, based on the keywords that people type in Topic targeting, and if you're using placement targeting, for example, you I say this is the ad. If you're using placement targeting and keyword targeting, topic you also get to appear on the right hand side on the watch page is where people are watching videos. Okay, so you're paying, basically, to have your thumbnail be in front of people. Okay, now you only pay if people click to press play, so you kind of get free branding along the way anyway, which is quite useful. So your face is always in front of people. I encourage you to have your face in the video on the thumbnail. Sorry, because it just attracts and gets the brand going all the time. But we're paying to use these ads, and they're ads, but they're very subtle. People don't really realize they're clicking on an ad, okay? And so you're meeting them in their flow. You're not interrupting them. They're choosing to click you to press play. Okay? It's a beautiful way of advertising, because you can say cool, only if you're interested. If my thumbnail, my title, really explain what it is we do and you want to click and play that, then we've got the information for you. Don't make your title and your thumbnail really hypey. Don't do clickbait. Don't try and entice them too much. Be honest. Be straightforward with them. Tell them what it is you're about to give them okay? Because if you, if you over promise something, they click play, and then you don't deliver on that, they're gonna be like, You know what? This is, not what I was signing up for. And leave, and you paid the money, and then they, they've gone and on a mobile device. You will see them here underneath the video as well. We've had to move this from keynote to PowerPoint, and that looks like a very long phone to me. None of that could ever fit in someone's pocket. Must be a slide issue there. Okay, cool, and you'll see them underneath. So there's three specific steps to this process, all right. So the first thing you want to do is create a video called an r3 video, and I'll talk about what that is in just a second from there. Step two, we're going to use keyword targeting to begin with, good old keyword targeting. Does everybody know what keyword is? I'm joking. I'm joking. I'm joking. Some of you are so eager to be like, yeah, yeah, I know what it is. In a room full of Perry audience, I think we all know what a keyword is, all right? And then step through we amplify. Now, it can be quite dry to walk you through campaign builds, right? Like to play, oh, and then you click here, and then you click here, and you do. So what I've done for you is I've put them into a complete slide deck. Oh, I'll show you what the links are in a second, but it will just show you step by step how to build out your campaigns. Okay, so I don't want to necessarily go through it with you, but it's just like, click here. Put your stuff in here, but then we can spend more time on the more conversational stuff. Does that make sense to everybody? Okay, cool. Perfect. All right, so what makes an r3 video? What even is an r3 video? Well, the three things you want to be focusing attention on is reach, retention and relevance. Now, when we talk about reach, I'm thinking about like, right? If you're going to choose a keyword, in this instance, I've got something like, how to sleep, all right, so your audience or your customer might might be suffering from insomnia. For example, they might go to YouTube and click on, type in how to sleep. Now you're going to see, I don't know if you can see that very clearly on here, but basically, you want to have a look at the view counts of every video that's there. There's no good keyword tools for YouTube that I can find, none that I would rely on draw data from, okay, nothing I can look at and think, yeah, that's pretty accurate, because it's wildly inaccurate, and it very rarely helps either. So when it comes and the reason for that, by the way, is that every, every keyword tool, relies on impressions right of like saying someone typed in this, and this is how many people search for that query, and then Google can collate that on YouTube. It doesn't work that way. Okay? So what happens on YouTube is you might start by typing something in, and then you might not visit the search bar again for another hour. You just meander around YouTube and you start watching all other videos so they can't get the data from you. They don't really know what's going on from a keyword perspective, and that will be useful, because I'll show you how to get good keywords in a second. But what you want to do is just make sure there's enough people looking up what it is you're about to advertise. Okay, so here, if I say, right, how to sleep, one of our clients actually does that. Teaches people how to cure insomnia or get over insomnia, and we look through the videos and we say, Cool. Is there enough people watching this? And my benchmark tends to be 10,000 views per video. Okay, 10,000 views per video. If I'm getting less than that, I'll be like, Oh, unless it's a really high, valuable, like, audience, then I probably just say, right? There must be another keyword. There must be something else we can go for. Okay, so you. Of this is like real crude way of working, but it's really accurate. It tends to, tends to give me the data I need. So you're just making sure there's enough people doing this, then what you want to do is look at any videos you've created in the past. Now, if you haven't created videos, I'll show you how to do that in a second, but if you have created videos in the past, look through your YouTube analytics. Now what you want to do this is a video of mine talking about YouTube advertising. And what I want to draw your attention to is this number here, okay, so you can look at your retention line, okay. And this is going to show you how many people are watching and how many people continue to watch, okay, so you can see that, okay. And if you look at that blue line there, the intro was not very good for me. Okay, loads of people left my video right at the start. I wish I knew what I know now, when I created this video, it'd be a lot better, but, yeah, you can see there's a sharp decline. Everyone left in the first like 30 seconds. Poor intro. Okay, now, once they've all the people have left, the people that stay with me, they stick around. They don't leave right for like, 15 minutes. That's what happens on YouTube. That's like. So if you can create good content, your customers are already looking for they're not going anywhere. They're going to get to know you, like you, and trust you. And I can't tell you the power of this. It's such a difficult thing to explain to people, because so many people because so many people that I speak to tend to be like, yeah, sure, but how much the click cost? Okay, fine. I get I get your point. I get like, because everything is geared up for clicks, right? So like, I've got this tracking software, and I've got the and I want to see how many people clicks, and what was the cost that click, and how many people opted in. And it's like, hang a second, just take one step back for a second is think, how much would you pay for someone to watch 15 minutes of your content shout something out? $1 Okay, cool. Okay, let's start there. $1 okay. Now, if I had done a direct response ad, I might have a 2% click through rate if I was happy, if I was really lucky, right? That's 98% of people saying, nah, I'm not interested. And I've begun a relationship where I'm saying, come and do this thing. And they're like, Nah, that's 98% of people doing that this way. 43% of people are still watching after five minutes. I reckon about 35% of people still watching after about 15 minutes. And that will cost me maybe 20 cents for a view. So I might, it might cost me 40 cents, let's say, to get someone to watch 15 minutes my content. I would prefer that than I would do spending $20 for a lead, you know. And this is the difference that the shift that I had to make, and I found it, I still find it difficult. It's like, what is the value of getting someone to watch 15 minutes my content? And content? That's a difficult thing to measure sometimes, but if we start thinking like that, it makes a profound difference to the way you communicate to your customers. And I'll tell you what it works out really profitably as well. You just can't track it as like you normally do. You have to think differently around this. So what you want to aim for, ideally is around about 50% of five minutes. If you can get 50% of your audience watching five minutes of your content, that is getting people to know like, trust you, and around about the eight minute mark, they are already considering buying from you. They are already thinking, this is really good. I wonder if they have products or services. I wonder what the next step would look like, and if you can get to people to already think that before you even Pitch Anything, wow, you do really well. Okay, so it's all about creating great content that people love, and you'll be and you're being really helpful and useful to people. Okay, all right, so

Speaker 1  28:37
the retention. Now we build better software, I say a software. It's like a tool, basically. And what it does, it analyzes everything. Analyzes every single video that you've created. We've done this for a lot of big channels, and we worked out what the markers are to say. What is it that gives us a great intro? What is it the way the ending makes it really strong, and you're benchmarking your own content. So let's say, for example, you created 500 videos throughout like, the last three years or something, you can immediately look at how people engage with that video and look at say, right, how long did they watch for? Did they watch for five minutes? They watch for eight minutes? Like, what is it that's happening in those videos that's making people stick it could be the content the video could be the way it's presented and through chat. GPT, we're starting to analyze a lot of this information, but I can share with you what works. We've done this with Alex hormozi and Kasim Aslan, people that kind of create, like, very different types of content, but they seem to all be business focused, like the people that we work with, and saying we want to create videos that, basically we want to get on YouTube and turn those viewers into customers. Okay, that's the type of customer, that type of person this is ideal for. And so for these videos, you can see, like, at the eight minute mark, we still got like, 58% of people watching. That's the value of that is huge. Like, people have got to know, like and trust you will consider buying from you, and it's probably gonna cost you around about 20 to 30 cents to do it. It's a profound difference. And people remember you for this as well. People remember you for the content. Like, how many people have like, a favorite YouTube? But there would be like, Okay, if like, would you want to see a video from someone in particular on YouTube? Like, like, by show of hands, is there someone you follow or someone you want to watch content from? Yeah, you might not be on their list. You might not be you just like, I know that person. I want to get more information from them. Like, any new tech that comes out. There's about two or three people that I follow, and I'm like, should I buy this phone, or should I buy this bit of tech? I go to see what they have to say about it, and they will tell me, basically, should I buy this or not? Like a lot of my buying decisions comes from people giving YouTube videos, so it has a profound impact on people. If you do want to get your YouTube channel X ray. We call it the X ray. It's the x ray.io you can go through that process and you'll get a complete breakdown of your youtube content. All right. So there's relevance as well. So what we might want to make sure that every video you have is it's the content is relevant to your offer. So you say they typed in this keyword, I have brilliant content for them and have a great offer for them as well. Like that has to be pretty seamless. And it sounds obvious to say, but a lot of people would say, I've got this great video that's kind of gone viral. Should I promote that? I'm like, probably not. Actually. It's it's not going to be like, it's not going to get high relevance, high retention, because it's just gone viral. It's been had a lucky break. But we're not looking for view counts. We don't really care about that. We want to have people that have watched your content and consume a lot of your content and watch the whole video all the way through. And you know that, like, after they watch that content, they so interested in this offer. I have bought them, okay, and if you are part of the YouTube Partner Program, so I can't remember the exact numbers, but you have to have like, a certain number of subscribers and watch time. And things you can get, like these end screens, they're called, this is like one goes straight to a site, so inside of the video itself, you can click the link, it'll take you to the website that's called SK on an end screen, if you're not part of the YouTube Partner Program. Then you look below the video, and you've got like a link in the description area. And you can also do a pinned comment, so you can leave your own comments and pin it, and then you'll have you taking up more real estate with like links that people can go click, right? Cool. So now, if you haven't got a good video, I'll show you what works really well, because what we're going to do is we're going to do eight minutes. I recommend a 10 minute video on average. If you've got like, you can say it in seven minutes, and great, if you can do it in 15 minutes, then great, don't, don't worry too much about exact timings. But like, I would say that 10 minutes is like the optimal time educational video. And then you're going to build that know, like and trust and get someone to consider buying from you. And in the last two minutes, you're going to advertise, you're going to put your offer in front of people. You say, Here's where you want to go next. All right, so I'm going to break this down for you as well, and you really want to future pace the customer journey. You know, earlier we talked about getting lower click through rates. The way we do that is by, first of all, doing a longer video. That is one thing, because people, not everyone's going to hold on to the end of the video and click through. So you've got, like, a longer period of time with people, but you're going to inform people, and you might want to inform them about the price, or at least the next steps in your customer journey. Tell them exactly what's going to happen next. So you're watching the video. You give them great content. You say, now if you want to go further with me, here's what you want to do next. Click this link in the description area or on the video. It's going to take you through to this page. Now visually show that on the video. Okay? And then when you say, once you get to that page, what you're going to do is you're going to do is you fill in your name and email, or you're going to go and buy this product for $79 or whatever product price you have, tell them exactly that and show them what's going to happen in the video so they can make an informed decision about whether they are going to go through your website or not. You don't want curiosity clicks. You don't want someone saying, oh, you know what. It's going to click and see what happens. You want to tell them exactly them exactly what's going to happen, because in the people that are like, $79 or don't want to pay $79 they won't click. Your CTLs will go down and your CPMs will come down. Okay, so you're being a lot more informative. You're telling them here's what's going to happen next. Okay, cool. That's, I think that's three now, so, yeah, okay, cool. I'm holding you to it all right. So I would also say we have a framework that we've been refining based on the data that we get and a lot of the ad formats that we've used in the past. We call it educate. Now I'm going to break it down for you. It's, if you want this in full, go to viewability.co.uk, forward slash, Perry. I'll repeat that.co.uk bit, because I know that in America, it's only.com and anything outside of.com is like a it's a bit of a mind meld. So, yeah, in the UK, it.co.uk's Cool, all right, so you can go and grab it there, and the whole slide deck is here for you as well. All right, so this is the format. This is like, called Educate. Now, this has changed over the years because I've improved it based on the data we get. And I want to talk you through what to do now I can go deep on this. I could do, like, a whole day on this. So I'm going to. Pull out the best parts, like the like the 8020 of it, so to speak, and give you what's most important. So when it comes to attention, what's really important to start the video, show something in your video that eludes the fact that you're going to educate them. And there's more to come. Now you want to have in the background some sort of model, some sort of system, some sort of blueprint framework, whatever you want to get your proprietary method of teaching someone or giving them more content. Okay, break it down to step by step format, because they're going to feel as soon as they see that, they're gonna be like, there's more to come. There's a there's a health psychologist called Leventhal, and he they did a lot of studies on how to communicate with patients. Because if someone has, like, a heart issue, and you're the doctor that has to tell your patient you have a heart issue, they come into a conundrum. They're like, how much information should you tell your patient? Tell them too much information. They're going to freak out and get paralyzed, like, they won't do anything. Like, oh my god, I'm going to die next week. I don't know what to do. They're not going to do anything. Okay, don't tell enough information. And they're going to be like, Ah, it's all right. I'll be all right. Don't worry about it. And they don't do anything. So you've got to get the balance right. Of saying, Okay, it's bad, but it's not you can still do something about this. And you got to go, like, get it right. Okay, you got to get that communication right. And part of that was building like a system, building like a three part. Plan that people can say, okay, cool. I can do that. That can fit into my life. It's easy to do. I can I can afford it. Whatever it would be. It needs to feel like something they can do and it's going to fit into their lives. And so you want to start to showcase something in the background that makes people feel like, okay, I get it. I see there's more to come. Something we found out really recently is the first three seconds is essential to your video. They've just seen your thumbnail. They've just seen your title of your video. You better say exactly those words in the first three seconds, otherwise you'll lose your audience. You know, I showed you that curve, like the retention line just dropping off at the start of my intro to my video. It's because I was like, hey, it's Tom breeze here. And then I had a logo spinning around and like, no one gives a crap. No one cares at all about anything to do with me, my logo, the fancy music, that I had nothing. They don't care. They just want the information as quickly as possible, right? So if my video was like mastering YouTube ads in three easy steps, I better say in the start of the video. If you're looking to master YouTube ads, I'm giving you three easy steps to make sure you nail it for good. Let's get into it really quick. First three seconds, just say what you need to say to make sure the audience feels like or the viewer feels like, I'm in the right place. All right, cool.

Speaker 1  37:30
Then you went to a demonstration. You're going to go straight into content after you've done this. All right. Now I'm gonna give you a framework that works really well for education. So you're gonna go through four steps. The first step is, why? Why why is this really important to somebody? They've got to understand that, like, this is really important to me. I've got to do this. You got to tell them what they need to know. So break down the information so they feel like, cool. I've got it. I know. I know what information I need to have to do this. How? How do I go and apply this now, show me a case study, show me a before and after. Show me something where I can kind of start to see it come to life. And then the last part is the what if, okay, so what if I do this? What if I don't do this? What are the consequences, and what's the positives? What's the negatives if I do this, if I don't do this? Now that's a framework called the format system by an educator called Bernice McCarthy, and it pulls on the psychology of how kids learn, but also how everyone learns. And so this, everyone learns in slightly different modalities, but this covers off everybody, and everyone feels quite comfortable learning this format. So that is a really good way, and that will probably take eight minutes, or, let's say, seven minutes of a video. Okay, you want to just educate. Don't worry about the sales pitch. Don't worry about any of that. Just give as much content and value as you can give. Okay, don't hold anything back. Honestly, the best videos we have is where it's actually just been a content video that we found in the channel already. They said, Oh, I just create that video a couple years ago. I just thought I was gonna give everything I can to my user because, like, I just wanted to explain something and show them how to overcome something like, great. That's working better than the ad you thought was going to be brilliant, and you put together, and you thought really carefully about your copy and everything like, sometimes it's just give the content, give good value, and that's going to be the thing that works. So once you've done that and you've delivered that, everything else here, your unique customer adapt, trust and exit is pretty much your call to action, okay? Or, I say, call to action. It's pretty much your sales pitch, let's say, and you framing up what you've got for people. Now, when you have unique you want to use your point of view. We talked about this yesterday, in fact, where everyone has a skill set that may be outside of the industry, they come to the industry with and have a unique point of view on things, right? Igor, Yesterday, you were saying, like, you came from, like, the science background, right? And then you start applying that to Google AdWords. You like, here's the breakthrough, though, because, like, no one's seeing it, right? Exactly, saying everyone has a background of some sort that gives you unique edge, okay? Gives you a unique point of view. And it's not necessarily your you're just, like, uncovering it for yourself. You just got to go back over what you've done for the last however, many years and be like, What is my actual unique perspective on this? Because I think I think about YouTube ads very differently to most people, and that's because I come from a different background. I come from a psychology background, I come from a mathematics background, and I look at the data in front of me, I'm like, How do I use this to my advantage? How do I see the insights here? What are people missing? To use your point of view, talk about your background a little bit. No, huge story. Just like I come from this back this background, and this is kind of how I see things differently. Now that's when you want to try and find your root cause discovery. What is it that makes you wanted to create this video? Why is it that you found something when no one else has found it before? And your unique perspective or your unique point of view will showcase that that's why you were able to find it. But then you want to show them what the root cause is. Earlier, we talked about the root cause of my presentation here, and that was the relationship between CPMs and CTRs. Right? As soon as people get there, like, oh my god, I see it. It's different than what I was expecting. And now I can see how to why this is different, and how now do I take advantage of this? So you want to have your root cause. This is like my one with the CPMs and CTRs. Then you want to move on to your customer. So you've kind of built up a bit of a story about, like, how you develop this program or this education that you were unpacking in the video, and now you want to start leaning on the fact that you're talking to your customer. Now, earlier, I said, Am I an adopter and and do I find better ways, or am I an adapter, begrudgingly forced into change? Okay, I always I said that. I asked myself that question. Okay, do you remember me talking about that? Yeah, okay, cool. I'm setting up two identities. I'm setting up who am I? Am I going to be this person, or am I going to be this person? By setting up two identities with your audience as well, you can say you can decide to be this person, or you can decide to be this person. And by doing that, and I don't want to, it's not like polarizing. It's just more saying, here's who I serve, and here's what I don't serve, okay? And in the people I do serve, here's the shared values we have, here's what we stand for, here's what we stand against, here's the way we behave. And you want to identify who you work with, okay? And it can seem it can make it desirable as well. So people like, yeah, I want to be in that thing. Because as soon as we identify with that identity that you've laid out, you're like, Yeah, I want to be that person. And we all do this, by the way. How many of you have joined a gym in January? Yeah, okay, cool. How many you didn't go after January? Yeah? Okay, cool, yeah. And how many didn't cancel until September? Yeah? Okay, cool. So when we get to the gym, we're like, Yeah, I'm a fit person. I'm going to be healthy. This is the person I am now and then. So like, you like, Okay, I didn't really go to the gym that often, did I. But then it's really difficult to cancel, not because they make it difficult to cancel anyway, because you have to go there in person, typically, and say, I want to cancel my membership. And like, oh, that's going to be a public announcement that I am no longer a healthy person. And that's tough. So when we decide to be someone, it can be a temporary decision to make that, but it can be like, that's who I want to be. It's a desirable person to be, and then to pull away from that. It can be like, you procrastinate about that for a long time. You're like, well, if I, if I, like, discontinue this gym membership. I'm kind of saying I'm not that person, and that's a difficult thing for us to admit to ourselves. So you want to set up an identity. So who do you want to be? And you want to share those values and share those beliefs. I'm giving a video now to showcase this for a guitar client of ours. And, yeah, I'll play it, and then you can see what I mean.

Speaker 2  43:38
Oh, can we get some 1000 guitar students just like you, I can determine with incredible accuracy whether you'll fizzle out and quit or if you'll become an actual guitar player. Do you have any guesses yet? Watch very closely for the answer. The top shows a person who just dabbles at guitar. They'll go all in on something exciting, then have long stretches of time without actually playing. Every time they start up again, they go back to the beginning, never building on top of previous success. On the bottom is a person who quickly becomes a real guitar player because they commit to playing consistently. Above all else, these people go on to be real guitar players who can learn new songs, fast, play for their spouse, jam around the campfire or play in their church band. Every single one of them started right where you're at, sitting in front of a computer with your guitar in hand or nearby, sitting on the cusp of a major decision, will I be a dabbler, or will I be a guitar player? The progress

Speaker 1  44:32
that I've made with guitar? Okay? Okay, you have a decision at this point, not whether it's a click Read and go buy the program or not. You're making a decision about who you want to be. Okay? Who wants to be a dabbler? By the way, show of hands. No one wants to be that person, right? And now that's not to say dabbling is a bad thing. It's just saying that who wants to be that person, right? Because I not that I play guitar, but I can imagine on a weekend, it'd be so much. I'm just about to pick up the guitar, just in the noodle around on it, and a player and like, cool. That's who I am. I'm not going to really learn too much. Doesn't have fun with it. That is completely fine. And that is not the customer for this this client, you know, this client is like, I want real guitar players. And that means that you make a decision at that point in the video, like, who are you? Because now we can build tension. Because the thing with YouTube is that if you have an ad running for a long time, you can't use urgency or scarcity, which is really powerful persuasion strategies, right? You want to be like times running out, or limited seats or whatever, whatever you want to use around that like, that's a real big motivator for a lot of people, because you fear of missing out. You can't have that in a YouTube video that you're going to run for years and years, you can buy times. Actually, there's a shop or store in my hometown, where I'm from, in the UK that I think the last nine years they had a closing down sale. It's like, just constant. It never and you go in there, it might close down this week. Hasn't closed down for nine years. I think that the game is up with that one. But the but this is the thing is like, now that you've set up these identities, and you're saying, Who do you want to be? You can start to give them that identity. Yeah, you're a real guitar player. And we as guitar players, real guitar players. Here's what we believe, here's how we act, here's our desires. So in here, the desires were playing a church band, play in front of a spouse, play around a campfire. These are, like, bucket list things that guitar players would have and be like, Oh, I'd love to be able to do that. And it's like, well, people like us, real guitar players, have the same sort of dreams. We all want to be, where we're a collection of people together. Now, your audience might be one of two things. It could be a collection of belonging, a feeling like I want to be with a crowd and that show lots of people playing together. Or it could be like elite. I want to be in that, like Navy SEALs, for example. I want to be like in that the elite of the elite, you know. And that's a drive the really, really high competition type audience as well. But you want to give people an identity, okay? And you can, and status will come with that as well. This big part of it. But if you're able to do this. I was reading a book by Seth Godin the other day, and he said it beautifully. I didn't he didn't mean to say it like I was listening to the audio book, and the quote he came up with, I just thought emulated this really well. I'm going to try and steal this in some way. But as a key statement to me, it was like, if you're like most of my customers, okay? So immediately you're saying, if you're like us, okay, if you're like most of my customers, and bear in mind, you will share your values. Here's what we stand for, here's what we stand against. Okay, gonna say that's part of who we are. Then you go on to say, I don't think you'd have it any other way. Okay, that is a really powerful statement. You know, I think that's like, a really powerful way of saying, and it's such a subtle thing. You say, Look, if you're like the rest of my customers, you wouldn't have it any other way. And people like, yeah, I want to agree with you, but it's a value driven thing, right? You're saying you want to be this identity. You wouldn't have it any other way. You wouldn't behave in a different way than what we're talking about here. Okay, now, no beer tickets for that, I'm gonna start dragging in more beer tickets now as we go. All right, so once you've delivered your content, you delivered your you've unpacked your content, of your video, what can be a really good thing to do is have a slight drawback to your to your product. Okay, so you might say, the first time that we developed this, it worked really well. You always want to make sure that it was effective. You want to always make sure they know that it was always effective. It was highly effective, but wasn't perfect. And you can still draw on your values here. You can say, like, it wasn't perfect. I'm the sort of person that has been trained well to be like, Look, if it's not perfect, let's go fix it. The best way to complain about things is to make things better, right? So if it wasn't perfect, you can say, here's why it wasn't absolutely perfect. Okay, it could be due to economics. The last time we built, this is quite expensive, and we wanted to find a way we could reduce that cost. Oh, the last time we built, this is like, the people got the result, but it took a little bit of time, so we've sped things up. Now we've got a different way of delivering different way of delivering this. So it's faster. Last time we did it, it was it worked really well, but didn't integrate with their lives. It wasn't as good as we thought it could be, so we improved it. Or last time we did this, it was really good, but it was quite complex. A lot of like we we added in some complexities that didn't need to be there necessarily. So we stripped it back a little bit. Or last time we did this, we had to do it on a one to one to one basis, and we couldn't do this as a big group, but we fixed that now because of the technological advances, or whatever it be, so it's accessible to more people. So you want to highlight that. The reason we want to highlight a slight drawback is because, first of all, it's there anyway. No one expects everything to be perfect. But by highlighting the drawback, first you go, first, people will trust you. You might as well say it up front like this is one of the drawbacks of this. Couple of drawbacks of this situation is you can't scale. It very easy. It's not going to go to the moon, but it's going to build the foundations for scale this methodology. But the second thing is, tracking can be not exactly as you want it to be, because you're going to be promoting your content, and people are going to mean their way to buy a product for. You. They're not going to go down a direct funnel that you would like them to. They're going to see the video, watch 15 minutes and said, This is great. I'm going to go and google this person land on your website. Then they might see a Facebook ad, and then they might convert that way. But if you watch what happens with your view through conversions, you can say this, this video only got in front of cold traffic based on the keywords they typed in, okay? And then in the next seven days, they bought something. You'll be able to see, okay, this ad had an impact and made people go by, but they may be attributed back through Google or Facebook or somewhere else, so your CRM data has to be looked at slightly differently, all right, so, but then you say, but we've worked hard on this part of your values. You always want to try and improve things. And then you say, and we fixed it. And now, having fixed it, you can build in your trust. You can say, look at all the accolades. Sorry, went too fast that one. Look at all the things that people are saying about it. Look at the press coverage. Look at all these things. Now, it's not about you as an individual. It's about your system or your method. That is like had the breakthrough. You know, people want to be raving about you can brag about what you've created, but you can't brag about yourself very easily. Well, Brits can't anyway, but Brits can't brag about anything. We're self deprecating at every stage. So yeah, but yes, you want to in the testimonials you have, you want to show people that are like your customers buying your product or raving about your products, because people like this buy things like this, okay, people like us buy things like this, all right? And then the exit of this is your call to action. So now you pitch your offer, you put the core offer in front of people say, here's what you're gonna get, and you're gonna Quote your price and say, here's how much it costs. Okay, now, don't do any crazy drop downs or anything like that, but just, just put a price point in front of them, make them know what the price point is before they get to the site. Because you have a lower click through rate, but a much higher conversion rate, they know what they're getting when they get there. The value of a click from this is 10 times more than if you run it as an in stream ad. You know, they've watched 25 or watched 15 minutes of your video and then decided to click through to your site, knowing what the offer is and how much is going to cost, the conversion rate will be huge. Now build the tension. Would they stand to gain or stand to lose if they decide to work, decide to click or they don't decide to click? Now if they don't decide to click, it may be that they're not right for your program. They may not fit your identity. It may not be people like you, like your current customers, and that's fine. They might just be there for the information and not be interested in being part of what you have. But I can pretty much guarantee, if you set those identities up right, they're going to be like I want to click to confirm this is the sort of person I am. And then do your call to action. Say right, click here and future. Pace it. So once you click, you're going to see this page. Go through the next steps and go on from there. Cool, has that been helpful so far? Cool, cool. Okay, so that's fine. I'm pretty much drunk now. That's great. Okay, perfect.

Speaker 1  52:49
Yeah, cool. All right, so the second step of this, and as I said, there's slide decks for you, so you can just literally go take this and implement it in your business. You want to build your keyword classes. You your content. Now you want to build a keyword campaign for this. All right, so when you do this, let's say, for example, I've typed in here how to start drumming. One of our clients teach people how to play drums. We have more clients outside the music space, by the way, just so I've got two case studies here, one of guitar and one of drumming. So we do work with other people as well. All right, so when we type this in, as I said earlier, there's no good there's no good keyword tools out there, not that I found anyway, but one thing I have worked out that works really well is to take the titles of videos and use those inspiration for keywords. Okay, just look through every single title. And for the in the golf industry, one of our best keywords is golf, golf, my swing, your golf. Okay, that's one keyword. That's one key phrase. It's got the word golf in it, I think, three times, and it's got my swing in it. It's just, that's the way YouTube advertising works. Okay, so just choose these keywords that kind of are pretty much random as you go through them and just choose really long tail things, but all the things you tend to look for on YouTube, like seven best ways to do this transformation videos and that type of thing, you will find that those keywords work really well, and keywords of popular channels in that niche as well can work pretty well. So grab them all. Grab the auto predicted ones as well. Put them all in and add them into your campaign. And then step three here is amplify with $5 a day. Now, as I said, go to viewability.co.uk, four such Perry. I just give you this, but it just walks you through every step of the journey. So you know where to click, what to look for, how to implement it, how to put it together, and it will just be there for you in the slide deck. So you in the slide deck, so you can just go and build it, and it will literally take 10 minutes to build that campaign. I would start with $10 a day. Don't go more than that. To start with $10 a day is plenty. Break it out by device. It will show you to do that, but desktop devices will convert a lot better than mobile devices. So start with desktop devices and put those three steps into. Place, and that is where you can go and find the slide deck. I think that's it. Yeah, it is. Thank you so much. Guys, been real pleasure. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai