Speaker 1  00:00
This is Jason. Jason, this is device calling. Hey, did you hear your voice? I was gonna give you a call sometime today. So I'm glad you called. Cool. Awesome. That's good. So, catch, catch me up. I'd love to hear how things, what's been happening and how things are going. Yeah. So I've gotten a few website jobs, and I've been pulled over to the Chamber of Commerce different times and connecting with some local businesses with networking.

Unknown Speaker  00:42
opportunities that I've had. And so I'm trying to get my name out there. And getting a few jobs coming in here and there. But yeah, just trying to try to get my name out there more than I guess where I'm at with the business stuff. I have a whole lot more to say on that.

Speaker 1  01:05
Yeah. Cuz, as most of that been local, then. Yeah, most of it has. I got a website job from South Carolina, from where I used to live. One of my friends in their

Unknown Speaker  01:21
shed, horse barn company, whatever. But yeah, most of the other stuff has been local.

Speaker 1  01:27
I haven't really got my website where it needs to be an online marketing, what I'd like to do yet, so still can be done. So. Yeah. That's encouraging that you've at least got some some progress. So what kind of pool? What kind of clients? Well, let's see. One of the Jobs was a furniture shop there in town that I just stopped in and to see if they need something done. The one of the people at the chamber got me to do some coasters first, like some awards, whatever. I actually just got back from the local university here. So I think I told you this before, but I'm not sure the chamber president, part of the package of becoming a chamber member of the chamber pros that will take you around to some of these businesses and government organizations in town and introduce you to them. So we did that the other week. And the one of the guys from the university wants me to engrave some bats for a I think it's kind of like an appreciation award type thing, because they got had some big donations for their ball field that they just redid, like they put new artificial turf in and stuff. And they had some big donors. So they're doing, like, dedication or whatever. And so they want me to engrave some bats for them. So the other engraver in town said he couldn't do it. So I'm going to give it a whirl. Week. So isn't that something that is that something that can be replicated elsewhere? shipping couriers that, yeah. Yeah, yeah, probably can, the the issue is, with a round object, you have to adjust your focus to get it to engrave right. Or it has to be short enough that that it can actually fit in the machine to go on the rotary attachment. So I have a rotary attachment, we're going to actually turn the item instead of just doing the x, you know, like your x and y coordinates, instead of the whole gantry coming down on your y axis, it just turns the item, while with a bat, you can't you have to have a pretty big machine to fit the bat in. I can't do that but the front of my machine folds down, I can stick the bat in sideways. And I can engrave it, but I think I'm going to have to engrave it once and then adjust my focus and engrave it again so it gets the parts that are further away. So it's gonna be a little bit of a challenge, but if I can prove myself with this, you know, maybe I can get some some more business with that, but it's not something I would want to replicate too much. Yeah, for that specific item unless I got a larger laser which I love to do, but

Unknown Speaker  05:01
Makes sense. And then on the on the furniture side? I don't know, I always look for clues and these types of things.

Speaker 1  05:20
Like even on the furniture side, I wonder, I wonder what kind of opportunity like like if it would make sense, it's pretty mature maybe with just one. But hunting down once you once you've got it, then I have a case study hunting down one or two more like more like that and seeing if you can hone in on that specific. Yeah, which actually, actually that furniture store what I did for them was put some numbers on some mailboxes, they're renovating a part of their building and making it into apartments. So I made a plastic name signs for the apartments and their numbers, like 117, dash, one 117, dash two, whatever on their on the mailboxes that they're doing for these apartments. So there wasn't actually anything specifically on the furniture side of it. We just I got it. You know, kind of a cold call that I got some business from so Yep. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  06:20
Make sense? Good. And, like, How are you feeling? Overall? Do you feel

Speaker 1  06:31
encouraged stressed out freaked out? Positive, all of the above? Yeah, I feel I feel encouraged. And I feel pretty positive. If I look at my numbers, I don't think I'm where I need to be yet quite yet. But I feel like this is a season of sowing the seed. And, you know, the harvest is gonna come. And I'm really trying to connect, okay, here's another cool thing that I did, so that the Chamber of Commerce has a supper every year. And then they give out some awards for like Farmer of the Year and a Woman of the Year for the county or whatever. So anyway, you can do you can sponsor a table centerpiece. So we did two of those, which basically means you just you make the centerpiece, and then you can have your name on it or whatever. And then they also have a silent auction. So we put a gift box together for the silent auction, which of course had her name on that. And then I'm like, hey, do you guys need table numbers? And they're like, Yeah, Yeah, we do. And it was like Earth Day centered. So I'm like, I can do that I can make wooden table numbers in the shape of a tree. And so that's what I did. I did like the shape of a tree, put the number on and then had a round base, and then engraved my logo on the round base. So my name was on every table. It's awesome. It's pretty fun. It's just like, yes, I'm getting my name out there. I'm becoming pretty good friends with the people at the chamber because they're like, they like businesses like you that like engage and like I try to do stuff. Awesome. It's kind of fun. That's fun. That's neat. That's neat. Yeah. Cool. exciting, exciting, exciting. So a little bit of an update from my end. I have had people coming completely out of the blue for coaching. And I'm kind of wondering, when in one of them I just actually signed on? I didn't really think it through? I don't know. I don't know why I think well, one was local. And it kind of slipped my mind. Well, I don't know. I don't know, why didn't i didn't move you in on that one. I'm not sure why. I don't have a good reason for that. Especially with it being local. I bypass that. So I want to I want to talk a little bit more about where that's at but also you and someone that we on the software side, things have been quite busy. We are the project is squeezing in another smaller size but smaller, still substantial project. In the midst of everything else we've got going on. I am probably a week or two away from launching my Google Ads funnel. In that regard, I'm thinking about attending Perry Marshall Those traffic seminar signing up. Signing up before the floor goes public and the price goes up, I just signed a contract this morning with some folks who have exclusive contracts with choice hotels, and a growing number of other people to put ads on landing pages. And I'm in conversation with a sales guy to build out a sales team regarding that. And there's a long story to that, but if you want some lessons on anyway has been very fascinating lesson on working with people, and how to structure relationships in a way that actually gets the results. And it's a good evidence that sometimes coaching really is not effective. And we'll see where it goes. But it was critical for me as being able to have the people on board to actually make it move ahead and go forward.

Speaker 1  11:16
So with that, I would love to well, and with that I've been running the legacy yo ad goes live in should hit me on lacquers before too long. And I'm kind of content enough with it to just let it run for a number of months. Rather than try to

Unknown Speaker  11:54
try to come up with something else that's super catchy, but a few things to talk about front. Good. This is the like C CEO. And you're talking about?

Speaker 1  12:09
Yes, that's correct. And the fascinating thing that is that what gets people's attention is not the people strategy and systems, what gets people's attention is the signature experience or the signature talent.

Speaker 1  12:29
And across the board, this is the primary thing that one of the significant things that I help people with. Trying are not trying to. So it's made me kind of rethink around. I don't know. Sometimes we build things, and we think it's one thing and then when it comes out, it's something different.

Unknown Speaker  13:04
But I wanted to I wanted to hear from you kind of what your thoughts are on it, where you're at with it. And, you know, what your, what you're thinking what, what good next steps are forward. And some of those pieces.

Speaker 1  13:19
Yeah. So I was going to call you this afternoon because I was just wanting to, you know, connect again and see where things for too, because I wasn't sure you know what I should be doing or thinking in regards that whatever. So basically what I'm hearing you say, and you can correct me if I'm wrong is that you're thinking you might it might work better to take this a little different direction than what we had talked about originally. Is that what you're saying? Well, I'm trying to Yeah, maybe. And I'm kind of trying to be honest, I'm kind of trying to figure this out. And

Unknown Speaker  14:04
really more than anything, is here's the piece of the puzzle that's missing for me.

Speaker 1  14:31
pieces. The puzzle that's missing from me, is not necessarily it's not necessarily whether or not well, sorry, let me let me I'm kind of trying to pull the pieces together. It's not necessarily Okay, so when you when you the way that I position, the signature talent, experience. It's very much a highway a publicity stunt by yours truly. And position like that. It doesn't really make sense. What what your role or involvement in it actually is? And I'm not saying that that's nothing that that means nothing that's exclude you. I think I think the piece that I'm missing is kind of like, I think there is a unique element that you bring to that conversation or to something that would evolve from that conversation. That would? I don't know. I don't know. I guess I'm kind of struggling to. Like in this whole experience, it can be helpful for me to understand more better, I think I think there's maybe a piece of it that I have to understand better with. What is kind of your signature talent in the midst of these types of conversations? Or am I overthinking it? And do we just need to start having these conversations and let it let it kind of gradually evolve? And find bringing bring you in with existing clients? And like, just having you having to jump in? Go ahead. So the first thing that comes to mind when we're just talking to this, and I'm tosser, so it's just off top my head. But I like collect data, I like researching things to a certain level, if it gets too granular, I hate it. I like watching people and listening to people. I'm just thinking, like, some of the thing that I could be helpful with maybe is either initial conversations of finding out what they're looking for what they're doing, you know, what type of person they are, whatever and yet, in some ways, that's part of the whole conversation. So I'm not sure if that's a good thing or not. The other thing would be kind of sharing observations after our conversation with them and helping get a more cohesive picture of who they are what's going on. No, maybe that's something you can do on your own to just know sometimes, different people see different things you can kind of mesh those to get a better and more full picture. Are you still there? Are you still there?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai