Speaker 1  00:00
Hey, not sure exactly what happened there. Second individuals, an individual with a small agency, looking to pitch a whale client, wondering how to position himself rethinking how he views himself and what his own signature talent is, in this mix, looking at me bringing out a part time project manager

Unknown Speaker  00:18
to get some of that stuff off his plate. I think I missed the first part of what you were saying there

Unknown Speaker  00:25
to contact them. Sorry, what was? Which? Which piece of it? Or what was the last thing you got? Okay, what were you saying about

Speaker 1  00:40
getting something off his plate? Who are you talking about getting getting for the agency for the small agency owner, to get some of the project management off of his plate and looking to hire a part time project manager? To help with that? So that's one of the things he's working through as well. Now.

Speaker 1  01:05
That's sorry, one more time. That's, he said, that's something that he's working through as well. Who is he? Oh, this is this is Sorry. Sorry. Second, second client has a small marketing, small marketing company. Okay. So I think, basically, the answer is that we're both what what I think,

Speaker 1  01:43
I think one of the things I'm trying to gauge is in that type of conversation, what pieces of that were I'm going to naturally gravitate towards, is probably, is probably actually signature talent, and then probably some of those personal strengths of mine as well.

Unknown Speaker  02:07
And I think and so one, one of the one of the differences may simply be the difference between

Unknown Speaker  02:29
a people visionary and a people, a people observer. So which one do you classify your self as? Me being the people, the people visionary? And the people? Well, I don't know. Because I don't know if I'm just an observer, or if I'm a visionary, too, because I feel like

Speaker 1  03:01
I like to have all I can come up with ways to make some people can. Yeah, for their lives, or whatever. But right. So maybe it's actually the and maybe it's not that maybe it's the I mean, it may simply be the differences of gift blend. I mean, I think one of the questions for me is, here's a way to ask the question. I'm basically just trying to underthings right now, and I'm not exactly sure what I'm trying to under yet. Sure, but we'll know when we see it. But if I, if I said, If I send out this email to somebody, and somebody else says, Hey, I'd like to have that signature talent experience. And if I put you on, if I put them on a phone call with you, and

Unknown Speaker  03:51
and said, Jason, go, what would what would you? What would be your I don't know your thought or what? I don't even know. My approach

Speaker 1  04:09
will be your approach will be your first of all, is that a conversation you'd be interested in having? That's,

Unknown Speaker  04:15
that's question number one. So yeah, I think so. I think go to enjoy that. I think probably what I would do is just start asking questions and find out what they enjoy and what they've done and when they've felt most alive and

Unknown Speaker  04:37
probably being part of my pro share. And so maybe this thing that you and I are actually supposed to build looks a lot more like a signature talent joint experience.

Speaker 1  05:00
Next, where when, when one won't seven will or in this case when one won't. Three you meet and the client will.

Speaker 1  05:28
And I can identify with how that is drawing people, because I know you had posted some stuff about that before. And that really drew me with the signature talent thing. Forget for a minute, a couple years ago, Union some stuff that he had posted or?

Unknown Speaker  05:51
Sure. Yeah. So I, I think, in short, based on limited data, limited feedback. I think that's actually what's pulling people. And I think it's actually what people need. I think there's some incredulity in credulity about whether or not this is actually

Speaker 1  06:20
whether this thing's actually viable. And I think a lot of the marketing for it probably ends up needing to be be tied, tied around. Okay, here's, here's why I'm a little scared, I'm a little scared of getting tied up too closely with personal development. Really gun shy of that. What I'm the place where I can see it working is where this becomes centered around performance, productivity, and, and making money or at least getting out of the failure loop. And there's a lot of the fruit of not getting promoted, not having success, having Tor turn over, like, basically, there's a lot of fruit of your life not going right

Unknown Speaker  07:25
is rooted precisely in this spot. understanding who you are, what you're good at what you're made to do.

Speaker 1  07:37
So you do what you hate, you can't get paid enough for it. Nobody recognizes you. If you hit it more, it makes you hate it more. You start to internalize the failure. I'm nothing it turns into shame. Keeps you trapped exactly where you've always been. And now you're incapable of moving forward because it's no longer about the environment, it's about you. And you lose belief in yourself and you lose your belief in your in your abilities, that your natural abilities that

Unknown Speaker  08:16
that are actually the answer to getting you out of it. Makes a lot of sense. So I think the next step that I would like to have with all of that is

Speaker 1  08:34
the piece that would be helpful would be revamping the signature talent experience

Unknown Speaker  08:43
to revamp the article to indicate probably the indicate that well to indicate that there's gonna be I'm not walking in the light rain, can you take just a few short notes and send it over to me?

Speaker 1  09:06
Sure. Number one, revamp the article to indicate that it's two of us, not one.

Speaker 1  09:19
When people call, probably just fire up a shared Google Doc for them. And we take notes we observe we dance back and forth. And we might not hit our rhythm in the first first one or the first immediately but

Unknown Speaker  09:41
we'll hit our rhythm and then three I think it makes sense to bring it makes sense to bring you into the existing clients. So and and I'm completely great doing that at the current,

Unknown Speaker  10:07
the current numbers and we'll keep working keep pushing the numbers up as long as things are right now they're around 200. So that puts around whatever that is. 60 Yeah, $67 per session back to you. Think as we what I would like this, and these are individuals and so I am kind of pushing the upper bounds of their spending,

Speaker 1  11:07
spending comfort. But bringing on businesses, business owners will be very different. Very different things.

Speaker 1  11:26
And then the last piece is inbound calls, is you. I can a set up, set up a Virtual Receptionist to field them and get these articles sent out which I'm fine with. I can be try to feel because myself that's could be a recipe for disaster or see, we can direct the calls to you and I and we can we can get them scheduled one way or the other that way? Well, actually, no, it's not the cause. First, it's the what happens first is actually the sorry, what happens first is actually them calling in and getting getting the article. Oh, that I think actually having a Virtual Receptionist getting the Virtual Receptionist up on that makes most sense, then that the Virtual Receptionist would give them the article that way? Yes. And then after that, they will go to a website and set up a time to talk or call and talk. Yeah, currently, it's a website. And if presumably, if somebody didn't have web access, I guess Here is another question. But if somebody doesn't have web access, we should have some kind of alternative instructions. We could just have them call back to me number and and they can just set them up. set them up that way.

Speaker 1  13:45
sound about right. It sounds right. If you have more thoughts. Any kind of has a good so the session likes are what half an hour an hour. They're an hour, an hour. Well, the I'm sorry, the free session is 30 minutes. The paid sessions are an hour. Okay. sessions are 30 minutes and that's just because that's just offered. Right?

Speaker 1  14:51
The ad that you were designing before that's what offers the free session. Right. That's how they will find out about those. Yeah until they find out about it. So they asked for the article. The article tells him about session. And it goes on from there. Okay. And you're saying we would just have to figure out what the differences between? Or maybe you have figured out? Like, what are you giving them a small taste of what we would offer in that 30 minute session? I haven't completely figured that out. Okay. At this point, I have just simply engaged in conversation, started the probe. And in the exactly one that I've gotten, started a probe. And then just kind of left it was an open ended, what if? And kind of what them? Would that sit in them a bit? So basically, you're getting a little bit of a feel for what type of person they are. And then are through that year, though? A little bit what they could use? Or what they need? Yeah. And then you can give them a small taste of that and let them sit with that sort of

Unknown Speaker  16:34
makes sense? And here's the other piece that I'm not sure about. My maybe you've got some perspective, I'm sure you do. So my original proposal with me, my original thought was like, basically just dig in, extract a little bit.

Speaker 1  17:08
Here's some, maybe here's some avenues to explore. And then. So that's kind of one avenue. The other avenue is taking more of a conventional sales approach, which is basically like, where are you at? What do you want to do? Where do you want to be? What's the barrier? What's the cost? Or, you know, what is? What is that costing you? And then, you know, once you've fully extracted that, and they want to, and they want to learn more, explaining that the basic path to get there. And details from there. So it's not necessarily actually digging straight into the I mean, it's basically a sales call into the signature talent experience, I suppose. But it does require probably reworking a bit of how the how the article is structured and talks about it. You're saying for the, for the free session? That's kind of the format they use? And could could work with that? Yes. Yeah, that was, that was kind of my question. how's that gonna be? How are you selling on the on the hour thing? So that would kind of make sense. So you're saying, You're saying that can look two different ways. One can just be asking questions about their life trying to figure out who they are and what they do and, and kind of try to figure out what they need from that. Second would approach would be to ask them about their business and where they're at and where they want to be and what's what they think is holding them back. And then kind of dig into it from there. So you're saying, yes, it's kind of the difference between Yes, the philosophy differences between here let me get you to give you a sample. So you come back for more verses. Let me understand where you're at. Let me diagnose your pain. And let's develop a plan to get there. Then you come back for treatment. Come back for treatment. Exactly. Exactly. Make sense? I kind of like the diagnosis thing. And then the treatment thing later better, because it doesn't feel like I mean, I get the the idea of giving away some, some good quality stuff for free, because then it shows that you know what you're talking about, right? But it doesn't feel like they really got what they need, if it's just more a diagnosis. Right, which I think both of those can feel that what like to send out structure. I think both of those can feel that way. But it feels like if it's just saying, Okay, well, this is what you need, then it feels like, Well, I appreciate them taking the time to help me figure out what I need. But I still don't have that solution. So now I need to find that solution. And the most obvious place to do that is to buy their one hour session. Yeah.

Speaker 1  21:19
which ultimately is a three month ultimately, is probably a three month engagement or something similar to that every week or every other week or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. I think that I think the second approach really is I mean, I've never, I've no doubt that it's that it's more effective. That's going to be more more effective bringing people in, and it's going to be more effective. And

Speaker 1  22:09
and if they don't come in, they don't get the problem solved. That's why I sort of most people, right, right. So I think it may just be a slight reframe, is making sure that what we what we indicate in the in the article is inappropriate. Inappropriate is a compelling but accurate representation of that conversation.

Speaker 1  23:12
And so I think I think the last step that I would like is to build the basic structure for that. For what that call basic structure where that call should actually look like

Unknown Speaker  23:29
and then tweak the article slightly. board that to make sure that's aligned with that. And yeah, that makes sense to me. I don't have a whole lot of nose besides.

Speaker 1  24:19
Just I guess, another reason why I think you're right about that second. Option being a better one for people. The other factor is that some people shy away from the counseling type idea. But they're all about furthering their business and being successful in their right. So that's the focus of the second approach, but you're still counseling them in the process, they just don't know. Exactly, exactly. Which is really what they need. So it's Really what they need? Yeah. That's catch the hurt with the almighty dollar and then to do the third.

Speaker 1  25:13
And then it's a, you know, and it's still an honest way to do that because it's really it is really helping them. It's just, it's getting around those objections. By presenting it you're basically you're presenting a solution to their felt need and then you're going deeper to their actual need. Yep. Exactly. Right.

Unknown Speaker  25:41
So

Speaker 1  25:44
all this to say there is Yeah, yeah. Yes. So I think I think another way to say it, is that we part of it for me. Fear uncertainty and doubt. unabashedly, I might not be able to prove it with numbers,

Unknown Speaker  26:07
but unabashedly hanging, hanging this thing on or hanging dollar signs on on this thing? And it's true. I mean, it does, most people just don't make the connection. Okay. Yeah, I like it. I should probably be be dropping off be dropping off here.

Speaker 1  27:04
If if there are other there are other kind of hooks, advertising hooks that you can think of that we should be using? Or should be considering for this. Feel free to feel free to let me know. Okay. Sure. Otherwise, I think I'm I'm really turning this thing into a PowerPoint presentation. Friend of mine who has a somewhat unusual networking group is going to be presenting it there. And so that needs to happen before Friday morning sometime I'm not sure when yet but

Speaker 1  27:54
do you anything else? Good. Advice Have you found network nursemaid helpful in what you've done, or in just connecting with other businesses?

Unknown Speaker  28:11
Nope, now that I can, as of as of yet have not gotten a single client from

Speaker 1  28:18
any of them. To be honest. The probably some of the differences are. I've heard people say really good things about BMI, business networking International. I've heard some people say good things about Toastmasters. But the basic thing is once you actually raise the bar, and you've got it's a referral group, and people there's definitely some advantage. Part of my problem was also that well, we can go way down the rabbit trail with us, but wasn't all that gung ho about what I was actually selling. When I was there. I really felt out of sorts and out of touch with both that and the group. And in the places where I was talking about software, that's definitely not the place where you get those clients. So yeah. It's someone. Again, someone just recently that I met at the business before our chamber, invited me to be an AI thing. And, you know, it sounded good. And whenever and I went, I attended one of their online meetings, whatever, but they have an attendance policy where you have to be there like, every single Tuesday morning at 830 or whatever. And you can only Miss like six in six months or no, you can only Miss three and you can only substitute someone else for you three other times or something which I guess, you know, takes commitment but I wasn't sure I wanted to lock myself into that. Quote like that there is another networking group You're leaving in Athens, that does not have an a sentence requirement. And it's like half the price of the NIH. And they allow whoever to come. So it's not like it's not categorically exclusive. But I don't know that I care too much about that. Because I feel like I can probably differentiate myself in that.

Unknown Speaker  30:29
Yeah, I would still say, keep in mind that are either either the the first group of people are like,

Speaker 1  30:43
Well, yeah. I don't know exactly how to. How to answer that question for you. But my instinct is that everybody else who's writing this reading the line and selling tea tree oils, and all those other things have the same kinds of thoughts in their mind?

Unknown Speaker  31:11
And I would look at the I would look, well, there's a few things I would look at. One is,

Speaker 1  31:20
what are the size of businesses in BMI? Are they you know, freelancers? Are they like real businesses? That's, that's number one. Number two, I would look at how many, how many of them serve people serve people or know people who are connected to your ideal clients. The fact that there is a barrier may actually make it better because excludes other people, it is a bigger commitment on you. So the other aspect of it kind of the risk reversal side is if I waste six months of Tuesday's am I okay, with wasting those 12 hours? Whatever it actually takes you? Well, six months, I'm sorry, that's that's not enough. 24 It's like an hour and a half. Break. So the 48 those 50 hours? That's that's what it is. I was thinking two hours a meeting it's

Unknown Speaker  32:28
so give or take. We weren't investing 50 hours in that. And if not, then don't do it.

Speaker 1  32:36
Especially if you can find other avenues for picking up clients. Sure. So I don't really know how to answer that question for you. The local business thing is also much more of a who knows who kind of a business business model I thought it'd be it could be helpful for me just getting to know some people in the community. And if I'm serving small businesses, kind of how I've been marketing myself is I help small businesses you know, with their marketing problems, and that includes promotional products. So I'm not even pushing the engraved things as much as I am. It's a marketing thing.

Unknown Speaker  33:36
Yeah. That's kind of Yeah. Makes makes them appreciate that input. That was I just figured out ask you if you had any experience with that, because I

Speaker 1  33:58
didn't really know much about him. So yeah. Yep. Nothing not not personally but have been have definitely had people who've, Well, some people say they've gotten nothing and other people who who've said it's been absolutely one of the best.

Unknown Speaker  34:15
Best networking things that they've done. So good. Well, okay, sounds good. Well, how this works out? Yep. Sounds like Yes, it does. Yes, it does. Sound good, good, good talking, and we'll be in touch. Alright, thanks, john. We'll see you back.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai