Unknown Speaker  00:01
Matthias, welcome.

Speaker 1  00:04
I wrote down next year next year named the word calibrating. And I think it's I think it's a picture of an activity that you're going to be engaged in. Because I think ultimately, I think ultimately where this memo is leading is that you are going to be doing some recalibrating and that through your efforts, you are going to become the metric which is the standard of measurement. It often happens that I, you know, like, I'm like, I'm using measurement and, you know, mathematical terminology, but oftentimes, I use that just as context because I do not get the sense that it's necessarily confined to that. I think, really the The operative important parts of this is the idea that, that, that you are going to you're going to take some thing you know, it may be you know, it could be as diverse as you're going to take you're going to take a particular business model, you're going to take a certain demographic, you're going to take a certain product or something, but something that you're going to be able to something that you're going to be able to calibrate and okay under these circumstances, this does this and it you know, etc, etc, etc. You know, something, something that you can apply measurement to, and that you are going to find out that it can in fact be recalibrated. You know, I'm almost, you know, especially in this metric thing, I really see you setting a new standard Whereas people people measure the old piece people measure the old standard by selling so in such and such that they're now going to, they're now going to look at, I want to say the work that you are doing and the work that you have done. And you have established a new standard. So whereas the old standard is based on somebody or something else, now you're becoming, you're becoming the new standard of operation you are, you know, you are the metric by which everything else is

Unknown Speaker  02:41
measured.

Speaker 1  02:44
But again, I Matthias I don't want to, you know, I don't want to give the, I don't want to give the impression that this is necessarily bound with numbers, or, you know, bound by mathematics and Just not getting that sense. I'm only using those terms, you know, for lack of something else. But there's there's definitely a standard involved. There's, there's definitely something where I, you know, I call it taking, you know, taking measurements for the sake of this memo, but it's basically something that you're taking a good hard look at. And, you know, you're, you're you're trying, you're finding another way that people are going to embrace and it's, you know, it's going to become kind of like the new way of doing things. So, again, not confined in numbers, not confined to measurement, although that's going to be part of the process. But I'm going to end I'm going to end Matthias with this idea. Imagine, imagine this. Absolutely, totally coming true. And what would it take? What would it take for you You to adjust to now becoming the new metric, and maybe even making plans.

Unknown Speaker  04:10
Maybe even making plans

Speaker 1  04:14
to find out what it would take for what is life look like for you not to become the new metric. So a little question at the end, you know, something, something we're thinking about, but yet definitely setting a standard Matthias that's what I see. So that's what I've got for today and thanks so much for being with us. Appreciate you, Matthias.

Unknown Speaker  04:37
Yeah, so Matthias.

Speaker 2  04:42
I feel like, I'm sorry, I'm trying to grab ahold of this. Like, I feel like you are very strong in a lot of ways. And you're looking at your strength going, are there ways that I can be even stronger, like tighten things up? And it doesn't necessarily have to mean physically, it can be in a lot of different areas like wanting to be more cohesive, or like comprehensive in your strength and the way that you lend it to different circumstances, including your own. It's almost like looking to see like, Where could there be a weakness and how can I prevent that by building my skill set, you know, to, to be the best Matthias that you can be in the circumstances that you enter into. And the picture that I was getting, because I always get pictures on these calls, is like when somebody is really like they're in a desert, and they're really thirsty. They see that Oasis, the Mirage, you know, and it's always like, it's movement, but what they're seeing is water and it's a bit of an optical illusion. But it's kind of highlighting highlighting what it is that they really want or maybe lacking. And it increases that desire or need. And, and I just like felt like encouraging you to pay attention to the things that you're just like you kind of dreaming about your longing for your wanting. They may indicate the areas that you're like, yeah, I think I probably could use this. Whether it's more space like a plant that is just like used up all the nutrients in the soil and you just need to be repotted into something that's got a little bit more space for you to stretch. That could be your home, that could be your business. It could be your job, it could be anything.

Unknown Speaker  06:44
Or if it's just,

Unknown Speaker  06:46
yeah, just needing to stretch out in some way.

Speaker 2  06:51
Because I think that you've you built your strength to a certain place where it's like, Can I get stronger where I'm at in This circumstance or do I need to, you know, reposition myself somehow. So the areas that I get stronger in and the weaknesses that no longer are hindrances, but become part of your strengths that there's room for them. Now Gary and I will always say please don't quit your job because of what I just said. So whatever that looks like for you to create space, it may be a lateral move and in business or just saying yes to more opportunities, but but I feel like your muscles are growing and they they need to, like you need them to. And it's creating space for for the more it's creating space for the additional opportunities. It's creating space for the things that you want to it's like you're positioning yourself to bring the things in your life that you really want. And it's like if you really want it, but you don't have space for it. And you need, like, if you really want it, you know, you get that choice to, to find a way to create the space. So, anyway, yeah, that's cool. Thanks for being with us today. Matthias that's what I have for you


Transcribed by https://otter.ai