Unknown Speaker  00:02
Okay, our next name and it looks like our final name for today. shortlist today is Matthias so Matthias I'm glad you glad you're on with us. This memo is for you.

Speaker 1  00:15
So Matthias I immediately was hearing a song by Cyndi Lauper. Which is true colors. And I and the line I was hearing was that I see your true colors shining through. And I feel like that's something that's going on for you right now is like allowing your true colors to shine through. I think you've you've had to navigate situations where you haven't really know what the expectations were. But now there's value in your voice. there's value in your uniqueness. there's value in your perspective. I think you see things differently than other people. And it can be really tempting to just go with the popular vote but people are looking for Truth, not what's popular and so I see you making some really bold choices and causing people to really think making them listen. And as they're, as they're listening, then they're they're really evaluating themselves and not just going along with the popular choice. Not to say that people don't like you or won't like you. But sometimes when you buck the system a bit, there's there can be some resistance, but I see you moving past that, and not allowing that to become your norm. That you're constantly growing and challenging yourself and in doing that you're challenging other people in their growth process. So this feels to me like a time where it's really about you spreading your wings and some new ways and and I feel like when you spread your wings, the walls are going to come span to give you more space, you can spread even further. And when you feel like you've run out of wind to ride on, the people around, you are going to help to provide that because they really want. They want what you're selling. They want what the perspective that you have. So I just feel like there's a lot of support behind you. But it's the right support. You don't want. You don't want the wrong support, you want the right support. And so that's what you're looking for. You're looking for the right support, you're looking for the right team. And I just I feel like it's like keep looking, keep looking and keep speaking because they're going to rise to the surface like the cream rises to the top. And that's what you're doing and other people will rise with you. So that's what I was hearing for you today. Matthias Thanks for being with us.

Speaker 2  02:53
Hi, Matthias. Welcome. I got the word cinematography

Unknown Speaker  03:00
I'm

Speaker 2  03:03
I'm going to give I'm going to give just a portion that I feel like I'm getting from head office. And I'm gonna I'm gonna leave the rest up to you.

Speaker 2  03:21
I'm I'm just going to gather here for for just a second just seems like things are

Unknown Speaker  03:28
things are moving about a bit

Speaker 2  03:37
the part the part Matthias that I that I feel that I'm giving you from head office, which again, I don't think it's even close to the whole is there there is something there is something about your vision, where you're able to capture Were you able to catch up? Sure. You're able to capture thoughts and you're able to see them in a linear fashion, almost as if they were in motion. I think this is going to be on the increase for you. Almost like from stills, you're going to start seeing movies. I think this has to do with I think this has to do with the creativity aspect in you as well. I just mentioned creativity to key on. But yeah, I think there's I think there's a facet of your creativity where your actual ability to see in your imagination is going to be enhanced. And you're going to be able to take

Unknown Speaker  04:48
trying to put this in words.

Speaker 2  04:52
You're going to I don't know all I can tell you as I just get the sense that you're going to be able to look at stills That's a very, very general term. And I would put it in parentheses, because I think it I think it could be ideas, I think you, you know, I think it could range from you actually looking at a still picture and getting inspiration from that and all of a sudden it becomes linear, and it comes to life. And all of a sudden, there's something sparked in you to where this takes place in your own mind. You see, like a still picture in your mind. But then there's something about it that comes to life. But I think there's also I think there's also an aspect of this, Matthias to where this this is connected to.

Unknown Speaker  05:42
This is Neptune.

Unknown Speaker  05:46
This is connected to how you look at people

Unknown Speaker  05:52
and to be able to

Speaker 2  05:56
almost almost this ability to see their faces Your intent and you see it kinda, you know, you see it in kind of movie form. So you may see somebody that's manifesting something in the moment. And yet you see the promise that they hold that becomes linear, and you will see it as a motion picture. And you're, and you're going to be able to start actually speaking that into people's lives, like, I'm going to use a very, very extreme example, but somebody comes up to you, and they say, you know, I've tried this, I've tried this, I tried this, you know, I feel like a failure. And you're going to be able to see that person in that moment, and you see the success in them. And you're going to be able to speak into that and address that for them. So you're, you know, you're taking a person that that is, quote, unquote, still in the moment, but it's going to become cinematography for you. Now. Again, I don't even think i've you know, I think this is the tip of the iceberg. For you, Matthias, and I think you're going to have fun with this. But I see your creativity coming to life and I see your ability to see and read people not for your benefit, but for their benefit. And to be able to see see something linear in them where were you know, the the best of them begins to show itself to you. So Matthias that's what I've got for you cinematography suggest you listen to it again a time or two. I think there's so much more there that that meets the year. So Matthias thanks for being with us. That's what I've got for you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai