Unknown Speaker  00:01
Are you doing? Oh, pretty good? Deal. yeppers I wanted to give you just about Okay, so just want to give you a quick update on on some things here. And when wanted to see if there's

Speaker 1  00:26
anything else we need to be processing on the, I guess in the coaching front in particular, but probably right around 30 minutes or so before I need to drop off, but I am actively looking for a project manager who can help bring chaos bring order to my very chaotic life. And so hopefully that will give me some support along the way, too.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
Yeah, to do. Anyway, some support along the way with this with this stuff.

Speaker 1  01:17
We have our call with jerell. Tomorrow, we have our next meeting with Dallas, Friday morning. What time Friday morning. It's 838 30 Eastern again. And it did not these things should be coming your way. Okay. So I think we should be increasing our prices by a minimum of

Speaker 1  02:31
probably about by about 50%. Minimum to accommodate both of our times I want this to be hopefully, hopefully low stress, high, high value for you and you and your business. Maybe I don't know that. I don't know that 2x is completely unheard of either way, it probably would be good to validate it. That's 80%. Probably the conversation with Ian, who does over sales. He's got room in his calendar for a number more sales calls. We're looking at ways that we can continue growing his commission. We're hitting capacity on the software side, development resources are backed up significantly. So with that, he would actually be a good candidate to start selling coaching. And I think the question is the I've been I've been saying for audits we discussed and the PCP only two paid subscribers

Unknown Speaker  04:10
have gotten zero phone calls in the last two ads. You've gotten zero phone calls. Yeah. No phone calls or emails in the last two ads? Sure.

Speaker 1  04:26
So I don't know if this is a I think we talked briefly about this last time. Is this a frequency thing? Is this not a broad enough publication? bright enough reach? Is it not the right messaging. I think the lead like a CEO message is actually a bit aspirational. may not actually be actually be the best angle. I don't know exactly how to encapsulate it, but it's basically

Unknown Speaker  05:15
reports that I have here. So one of the, one of the feedback from from Ellis

Speaker 1  05:46
from his work is basically the idea that it really is possible to do what you enjoy and still have your business thrive. That's kind of the core of in his mind, that's kind of the core message.

Speaker 1  06:09
And even with that doing, you know, with a number of hours, it's you not exceeding the number of hours that you want to want to work. And most of these guys are not dreamy people at Starbucks that are hoping one day to have their big break, and everything's going to be like they recognize the hard work and the effort that's required in the process. So not even completely convinced that print media is the is the best way to get these guys. I think. Well, feedback from other people has been centered around public speaking, and centered around getting actual articles published, which is basically what Dave Kaufman and Leon Yoder are doing.

Speaker 1  07:24
Maybe a trade show or maybe a trade show or two. And I'm not really sure if I'm actually ready to put that much money in? Well, that's sort of I'm really, I'm pretty sure I'm not ready to put trade show money into it at this point. Sure.

Unknown Speaker  07:46
Although maybe I should. So from your problem solving standpoint, what do you see? What are your thoughts? So I know, people like gaming accounting, done trade shows.

Speaker 1  08:17
And then often they'll try to have a speaking topic during the trade show. And I know they get a lot of people coming through with that kind of thing.

Speaker 1  08:36
trying to think of any other examples or thoughts I have on the practical side of things. I don't know much about the PCV. And like whether that's going to reach the business demographic, more or more the general customer demographic. I guess the other question I had to you is, are you wanting to focus more on the conservative in a Baptist demographic? Is that kind of where you're seeing this go? This curious on that probably affects our approach. Yeah, it does. Well, we got it don't know how to address that or answer that. Allison, I have had conversations in the past that if I, if I go that route that. I mean, first of all, you do have high levels of trust right out of the gate. So that's a huge win. And it's pretty symbiotic. Because if it gets to the point that they want software, then we've got that relationship and there's a lot of opportunity within that space for that. Right The flip side I've got a funnel that I still haven't pulled the trigger on mostly because, well, partially because I'm not sure how to make the economics work on it. And we're looking at they're asking for a four or 40 $800 a month ad spend.

Speaker 1  10:27
And that's a little brutal. What kind of platform is spending on Google ads? Display Network and YouTube? Sure. We have the audiences set up there. So if you wanted to take this kind of message to that audience. Anyway, it's a boatload of work to get there. I don't know that I want to do it. So in the other question, the the willingness to pay for the value is that another big question the elephant in the room kind of thing with that demographic? Yeah, I think that is a I think that is a that is a definite question. That would be one of my questions. I mean, obviously, they're paying for events are paying for, you know, Dave Kaufman and looked at for some of those guys, like you said, but I'm not sure. And these guys must be making pretty good money on it. Seems like, still there. Now, I don't know if that's volume, or if that. I mean, Tom had to have some pretty high paying clients, I would think, yeah. I mean, I had a guy take me behind the scenes on his pricing model. of essentially, the real money is in the masterminds and then the, I don't know, private clients can be, can be, well, actually, His ascension plan is basically through masterminds and then through through basic level and but masterminds more advanced masterminds, and then private clients. private clients are basically where the money is that although the others are, are quite good, and he's feeding them through one day events that he's putting on, which are given $300 events or whatever it takes, yeah, he's doing like 500 $500 events. But yeah, that's the idea. Yeah. I mean, if you do a do a $200 event and get let's either, either 500 times 10. I mean, if you, yeah, if you do a you've got maybe Max, a couple grand in the venue in the food. And so either 500 or 22, or whatever, you can still have a self liquidating feeder system. Right? To if you're paying for other speakers or not, or if you're doing it all yourself, I guess to still seems like can be a good that feels like it's a longer takes longer to get there, but maybe provides a good solid base because you're building out some income, you're building out some name recognition, you're building out some, you know, just reputation. And then you're also that's kind of the top of the funnel, or close to the top right. Yeah. Yeah. So mean, it seems like if people are paying you this whole idea of people paying you to get in your funnel. Yes, it really is. It really is. It's like there's a local outfitter store here in Edinburgh, just close to Athens here. And it's like there's so on selling sweatshirts and shoes and all kinds of stuff. It's like their t shirts and sweatshirts all have their branding on it like they have a bunch of different designs, but it's all star mountain Outfitters and So like, and I'm like that it's so perfect. You're getting people to pay you to advertise for you. Exactly. Exactly. And I presented my, I tell you about my finally Friday presentation where I shared my, my PowerPoint. Well, I knew you were going to presentation, but I don't think you really share anything about it.

Speaker 1  15:30
I mean, I got rave feedback. But the thing that continued like one of the I think one of the most eye opening things in the end was, and there are a lot of things about how it was communicated, that really wasn't hitting the mark, I guess. But the signature talent portion of it is the thing that continually seems to be grabbing people's attention. And so maybe the signature talent needs to become my signature talk. But then that requires me to sit down and it needs just I think it's the right thing thing to do. And I think it needs to be done. But I kind of feel like I'm starting over from scratch, and how do I envision and build this thing out? guys got some ideas around the pillars and what those things are like, but

Speaker 1  16:23
looks a little ominous to me right now. changes the direction of where you're heading with this or whatever. Yeah, although it's also the kind of thing that can be retargeted. So you can you can take that to a business person and say, Look, the reason that you're struggling is because of this. Or you could take it to a young professional, some form. And say the reason why you're not getting promoted is this. And then you can build that out into a book and into an E course. And then you'd have multiple streams. Exactly. It's all just like the very classic. Yeah, we all need information business. Yeah. So what do you say? Is your has been your focus up to this point? Or why does that feel like such a shift? I guess I'm not understanding that. Different I don't know that it's not, I'm not sure that it's a big shift. It's more like the awakening thing for me is like, first of all, you go through this evolution of like, well, who am I? And then you're like, Hey, guys, now that I know who I am, do you want some of me? And it's like, oh, wait, that's not what people want to replicate my process. And so I don't know that it's even that different. And in a lot of ways, if you look back to multiply your strengths, it's not even that different than that, except that signature talent versus multiply your strengths I can tell you which one's gonna win branding competition. Yeah. So you're saying people want to know how they can find out what their strength is, just like you found out years? More than they want to have you help them find stellar sand? Well, more than they want to more than they want to lean on somebody else for, you know, for example, business strategy, or more than they want to lean on somebody else for the people aspect. This is the how, the how, what I do what I do it because it's me, but the actual outcome that they're after is? Well, yeah, here's the misconception. Most people think it's all about finding your strengths. It's actually not because that's only a small portion portion of it, a significant portion of it is, is being in the right environment being or creating the right environment for yourself. which involves the right people, the right market fit all of those things. That's, that's your weaknesses. Yep. Exactly. And go ahead. That brings a big opportunity then because then it's kind of like, we were talking about the other day, about having resources available. We're we're connecting those resources they need. We're, it's like what draws them in is they want to know what they're saying that you're talented. Okay? But that's just like you said, that's kind of the tip of the iceberg. And then we start getting down into Well, okay, now that you know that you know that this is the type of environment you need, which means that you need to create this kind of culture, which means I can help you do that. Or this person can help you do that. And like, that's where our network of people that could help them and referral stuff, or subcontract or stuff will be a better way to do it probably could really. Like we could have the ecosystem to help them with all those problems. What the hook would be the signature talent. Yeah. Yeah. Think so. So then my next question is, so I think part of it is just coming to grips with what's happening. Okay, like, I really think it is, I mean, I really think there's, there's something to it, then the next question becomes, like, let's say, I mean, maybe PCB isn't. Alright, my supply this to myself, my marketing DNA, public speaking, awesome. Like, I can be, I can be bad and off my game, or not communicated well, and

Unknown Speaker  21:17
it'll still be an engaging experience for them. And I feel like my, don't pretend to be a superstar, but I'm guessing my worst is better than a lot of people's best.

Speaker 1  21:33
You're saying that that is speaking is a is a strength of yours? Yes. And so I mean, I think I think the question is, how do we build it out? And maybe, I mean, our print ads the right way to do it? Or? Or is there? Or should we be looking at doing to be doing looking at doing events? Or do we build the paper like we had been talking about? So how familiar are you with what Donald Miller is to increase? Its familiar with his business model or his material? Well, just kind of both, I guess, from the outside a little bit. I've found some of this stuff really helpful for me. But one thing I was thinking about is one of the things that he's done is do like, okay, like his five minute marketing makeover thing. So do a couple videos. And then, you know, he sign up for it, he gets your email address when you're on his email campaign. And then there's, you know, off of that come webinars, and obviously, books, I'm trying to think of his lower end stuff, then, of course, they're wanting you to go to their, you know, their seminar thing, and now their online learning platform, and then, you know, obviously, their higher ticket thing is going to be training coaches. Yeah. That's wondering, like, do something similar with videos? Yeah, I think that's, you know, as a long term plan, perhaps. But it is a backwards progression, because the way the progression actually works, in terms of development is backwards. So you start by developing the high ticket pieces first. And then you work backwards from there, then you write your book last. Okay. Because then you're just recycling some of that material and condensing it forward to the final thing, and you can make it more pieces that way. Yes, and your marketing is all is all informed by the by the sales process. That makes sense. So, if that's the case, then you still have to somehow test the market though. Exactly. Right. Before you go to all that work and do that either. develop some of it into webinars and see how much interest there are for certain parts of it. Or preorder of of something. I don't know. I'm just trying to think out loud here. Yeah, yes, you do. So I'm looking for what's the lightweight way to validate it. All right. Well, I mean, the super lightweight way is been how you've been doing with a couple ads, he found out the signature talent is what people are gravitating towards. Right. So maybe. So what's the what's the headline and hook that's targeted towards? I mean, clients, I basically prayed and they showed up. So maybe we need to be doing more of that. Or maybe we need to be, you know, I said, the current clients that I have based, more or less showed up, because, okay, so admittedly, I was posting on Facebook, but not all of them were on Facebook. But either prior clients, or people who knew me, but more or less prayed, and they showed up, so there's that. But I think I think a question could be for the PCB II, what is it? What is it hook around signature talent? How can I headline a headline, you know, teaser that we could? Well, I think, I think something similar to what you told me just earlier in this call about,

Speaker 1  26:23
keep doing what you love. While grows, here, while putting the pieces in place to keep your business growing, and not leave you. In the dust your competition, I don't know, it's not very good wording, but kind of the idea of Yeah, keep your business growing, and still do what you love and not get holed up into something that you didn't want to do. But it also has to be alright, I think it'd be helpful if we'd have something in there about putting the pieces in place. Maybe to make your business run like a smoothie or machine or something. Or, like, I think it has to have this idea of, it's not only like, okay, you can keep doing what you're loving, and your business will just keep growing. And everything will be hunky dory. It's more like, as your business grows, things need to change. But we can help you keep doing what you love and not need to get into some. As as, as your as your business grows, your business has to change.

Unknown Speaker  27:50
But But you never have to stop doing that, but you never have to stop doing what you love.

Speaker 1  27:58
Yeah. Or like to call to find out how you can keep doing what you love, while putting the pieces in place. To guarantee your no may not to guarantee but to make sure your business continues to grow. Yeah, I don't know, it needs to be fleshed out a little bit more. But that's kind of the general idea, I think. I don't know if I've quite gotten the concept of new ones that you're after here. It's like the game. Okay, so I'm thinking of Fisher Barnes shed company I worked for. Yeah, when I quit there. They were at the place where, okay, the one of the owner, it was two brothers, while three brothers were kind of involved, but two main brothers that were running. The one guy was out in the shop, Manning, you know, he was in charge of the shop, the other guy was delivering me love delivering you love meeting customers, all that stuff. But it was at the place where somebody needed to manage this thing. And someone needed to be in the office, to answer the phone and to keep things running and organize paperwork and whatever. And, and his wife was doing some of that, but but my thing is, they had to get to the place where they were, were willing to step away from some of the stuff they were doing and focus on the higher level thing so that the business can be managed well, so it could continue to grow. They were at this place where they had to decide Are you going to keep doing what you're doing and stay at this level or are you going to keep growing and are you going to is something going to change my mind saying if you're just saying, okay, you can keep doing what you love and your business can keep growing means, well, he can go out and keep delivering sheds every day. But that can't happen. Because unless someone else is in his office like running the place, right? And so what I'm saying is, it has to include in my mind, it has to include the idea of getting the pieces of the puzzle in place, the structure, the the people, maybe it's the whole thing. It's like you were saying about the right people and the right culture, but getting the right people in place so that your business can continue to scale while still enabling you to do what you love. kind of make more sense. Yeah, but i think i think that do what you love. People are thinking like, Oh, I love delivering sheds. Well, yes, but no. What is it about that that you love? Exactly. But most people aren't thinking that way? And whether or not we sell it that way or not? You know? I don't really know. I think i think i think what you're after is, so it's almost more like your business is growing. It looks overwhelming. business, it's almost like business growth doesn't have to be overwhelming or stressful. You can you can there are new places for you in your business, where you can do the things where you excel and thrive. That will support your business growing

Unknown Speaker  31:31
by now. I like that. All right. Well, I think I think we're I think we're narrowing in definitely

Speaker 1  31:51
I need to drop off. But yeah. Another question quick, video any send something for those ads for the PCB or whatever, what? Alright, in the million and one other things that I've wanted to do, what I would like to do is put together an Excel spreadsheet, just straight up simple for the ads that I've run, and then tracking in general and Dallas's payments, and have a balance and then just do a payout based off of the based off of the balance. Okay, so just subtract the advertising costs out of that and go from there. Yeah. Yeah, that's fine. I just want to make sure I take care of whatever I need to there. So you're not dropping the ball anything if anything I am but yeah, I'm not too worried about it this time. I just want to make sure I was. Yeah, we're on the same page here. Yeah.

Speaker 1  32:56
Good. Sounds good. Well, I will tubing get some of the grab some of those pieces together and sometime along the way he is sir. Yes, sir. getting something drafted for the next. The next. Bull. Awesome. Talk later. All right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai