Unknown Speaker  00:37
Hey, hey. Good to see you again. You were you were

Unknown Speaker  00:46
deep in thought yesterday?

Unknown Speaker  00:51
Yes, I was. Yeah,

Speaker 1  00:52
yeah. So how does it feel to have this document put together and haven't had made this much progress on that on your thought process?

Speaker 2  01:03
I mean, I think it, it's good. My copywriter, I told my copywriter what I was doing, and he's like, Hey, can I give you an hour of my time to spruce this up and make it do something you can actually hand out both to the girl partners and potential customers? I'm like, Yeah, you can. And so, yeah, it's it is really good clarity. For sure.

Unknown Speaker  01:28
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  01:30
Yeah. So I pulled it up. So that, and I've got it sitting in front of me right now. And so I just kind of wanted, so let's just kind of walk through it a little bit with stuff. And so, you know, as far as revenue goes, as far as like your, your blue belt, blue alpha, an ideal client. So 7 million minimum and then I put over I see you had a note over here on the side, consider 20 to 25 million cliff. So what what does that mean, Mathias,

Speaker 2  02:08
like setting that as the upper bound to consider, you know, at some point 25 to 30, things become much more incorporating. So

Speaker 1  02:27
that when you get to where you're working with companies over, say, 25 30 million that it becomes more corporate IT and stuff. That's been your experience?

Speaker 2  02:37
Well, I'm seeing that in second hand input. I'll be honest, I haven't worked with anybody about that point. I'm not opposed to it. I don't know if I want to exclude it. I think there's a lot of opportunities to be working on that. I mean, I don't see a reason why. Okay, so you've just nailed something. It's a I should cap it, but I'm not sure if I believe in the cap.

Speaker 1  03:00
Hmm. So I'll just point something out. So I'll just give you an example of, you know, one of my friends Tony Grubb Meyer, he runs a company called ship offers. And I'm not sharing anything that he has shared publicly, and I'm not even so sure that I'm exactly right on numbers, but I'm pretty damn close. That they they finished last year at I believe, 55 million in revenue and stuff. And he and his partner, they are at the helm of that company. And and I will tell you that when you have Tony or his partners here, shit will get done in that company. And so what it comes down to more than $1 figure of anything is who the people are, who they are, who, who's at the helm of the company, and what is the culture in the company? And what because you're right, if it is this corporate and I just had a call earlier today with a gal who I've known, I mean, that will she came to one of my first events in 2017. But she's worked with clients like Hagen dies and brother and I call these corporate companies, and she's working with a company right now who she told me she goes and she's been working with this company since 2008. So for 15 years, but she's like Kevin, in the last year, she goes the the honor and I have have switched on core values. And and he is all about 400% growth year over a year. And anybody in the organization if they don't hit those numbers, then everybody has failed. And I'm just like, holy shit. I'm like, Whoa, and and she's like, but they're having this amazing growth but anything under 400% and it is a nightmare. And and, and so it's all about the revenue right now. And so you know, that she's like they're making tons of money. But she goes, it's just a complete misalignment. And she knows if she goes, I'm not going to do this anymore. I'm not going to do this even as profitable as it is. And so I think, you know, I think the same is true. And I and I told her, I said, you know, I said, because she was telling me, I want to downsize to smaller companies is what I want to do. And I was like, Well, I said, maybe, as a, but I'd say, Marybeth, I said, I think more than necessarily downsizing. It's finding the companies that are in a line where you guys are just in alignment on core values. I said, that's actually

Speaker 2  05:49
really good. Because it's a it's a medium. I mean, I No, one company that is a coaching company that I engaged with, and they experienced insane levels of growth. And the owner drove drove the team really hard. Not probably not harder than he drove himself, but grow the team really hard. And I really don't you know, I think I think there's a there are healthy and unhealthy ways to approach growth.

Unknown Speaker  06:24
Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  06:27
And I know, you know, me personally, you know, I would not thrive in an environment like that at all, because that's just not me. That's not my nature. That's not who I am. And it's like, now I'm, I'm all about growth, but growth, not just growth, for growth sakes, certainly not just growth over 400% over you know, because ya know that, because that's what we do, you know, right. It's, it's, it's far more about impact. And what I can tell you, from my own experience, is by just really learning to hone in and focus on this over the last year, I am, I shouldn't be in but I am just kind of, I'm in awe of what's going on right now. And who I just continue to get put in front of her who continues to get put in front of me that I just get to start having conversations with and I'm just like, wow, there's this guy. Cody Jefferson. He used to be a pastor. I don't even know exactly what Cody does. He's but I follow him on Facebook. And he looks like he's he's tattooed up. I know he's a dad. And like I said, I know he used to be a pastor and he hangs out with some cool people and stuff and I just kind of been fallen there was no really what he does but yet my buddy carry all of our produce been coding this morning. Because Kyrie has been on my podcast and carrier this be the cornice on Hey, he's like, Kevin runs this podcast. And he has interviewed some serious players some serious badass is and you'd be a great person for him to interview and, and, and Kyrie set out for email or for messages like that for me this morning. And all four of the guys already responded. And we're already got we already got podcasts interviews scheduled with two of them Cody being one of them. And I'm just like, wow, and I don't know the other guys, but I know they're the same caliber as Cody, you know, and so, you know, and see we attract this Matthias we attract this, you attract this. And so I guess I do want you to be open for because, you know, I am

Unknown Speaker  08:43
whatever I could think

Speaker 1  08:47
that I want if I just kind of let go of some stuff and just like be okay, with just things showing up what ultimately comps is so much bigger than anything I could have ever even thought of anyways and stuff, ya know, and, and I just want to help facilitate that, you know, and so, so, okay, so let me pull this back up again and let me see here

Speaker 1  09:29
Yeah, I intentionally didn't click because I can see I'm actually looking at this in real time and I'm like, I don't want to mess up his document by me typing anything in.

Speaker 2  09:37
You're welcome to it. It shows up as a suggestion. So yeah, so that's it's fine if you do,

Speaker 3  09:46
okay, okay. So,

Speaker 1  09:50
okay. So deepest experience in tech manufacturing contract construction service. So, so you If you're serious, I mean, when I saw construction and I, I got connected through Perry to this guy, Mark, look, surely do you know Mark?

Speaker 2  10:09
Yeah, he was at the you're gonna go grab a drink here. He was at Barry's event he spoke on stage.

Unknown Speaker  10:16
Oh, he did. Okay.

Speaker 2  10:19
I got his email. He's like, you don't have any questions, anything you want. I'm like, so he's a solid guy would love to?

Unknown Speaker  10:27
I don't know exactly

Speaker 2  10:30
what, you know, here's here's some of those things of like, here's a great guy, I would love to have a reason to connect. I don't really have a good reason to connect.

Unknown Speaker  10:41
Yep, yep. Yeah. Well, so

Speaker 1  10:47
Mark, I, Perry connected me with Mark A while back, I want to say last year sometime, Mark participated on one of the virtual roundtables that I've hosted and stuff. And, and we he tried to schedule a follow up call with me twice, but then shit came up, and he never kept the appointments. And, and we just we never did circle back around and stuff. And so but I think, you know, just even something simple, like with a guy like Mark, you know, where are you guys already have these touch points like via Perry and what have you, you know, I mean, I got no problem reaching out to, you know, like, a great way to reach out because I used to do this when I was in, in, in these mastermind groups all the time, I, I would just send them a message saying something like, so if it was a Genius Network meeting? Or what would I say? Things like Genius Network follow up or something like that. And then I would just say, hey, you know, you and I, we were both at Genius Network, but we didn't get a chance to talk at all. And I was really impressed with whatever. So something maybe that he shared. And I'd love to have a conversation with you and get to know you better to see if there's any way I might be able to help you kind of a thing or whatever that is. And but because you were just because you're already in the same environment, and you already have, you know, these mutual relationships, like we're Perry and stuff, it's really easy to do that. And then you're going to be matched with I mean, that's that's like a I don't hardly anybody get anybody saying no to something like that. You know, you just being intentional, but I just want to have a conversation, and just get to know him a little bit and just find out more about what he does. And and just find out is there some way that I might be able to serve him or make a connection for him or whatever that is, you know, and just being open to that, and just go into the call like that and stuff, but where there's already those mutual connections. And I would imagine if you heard him speak, you might have heard him say something that you could just show a little bit of appreciation to him for and that alone. Well, if that's usually gonna get some kind of a response, you know. And in with him, man, his his company is growing, I do know that his company is growing. He is all about his team. And man, he has so much, you know, he's not one of those guys that like, rides them hard for sure. He is one of those guys, that is all about, I want to empower them. Because when I empower them, that they when they can support their family and their spouses and feel good about what they do, then they're going to do way better for me when when they're they feel that way, you know. And so he's all about empowering his team. He just places utmost respect and appreciation on his team members and staff.

Speaker 2  14:02
Clearly think through and his thought. Yeah,

Speaker 1  14:05
yeah, yeah. So, so and I'll tell you what, so Well, let me ask you this, Matthias, is that out of your comfort zone doing stuff like that?

Speaker 2  14:15
It's on the edges of it, for sure. Yes, it is. I mean, like, when Alex opened his mouth, and he said, Well, the obvious thing is we should do a JV. I'm like,

Unknown Speaker  14:27
it wasn't obvious to you.

Speaker 2  14:30
Like, well, yeah, and I'm kind of like you know, Kevin, it's that process and it's, it's mostly what I've done in the last year in business has been reshaping how I see myself and how I show up. And there's still this this thing of it's not been that long ago that I've been struggling to pay rent have, you know all of these things? And no, it's a little bit of impostor syndrome. That shows up here. And one of the best things I've done is invest with I'm working with Stephanie Rickard on mindset, and kind of the the internal game. And I think that's, that's just been huge on every level. I think. I think the very simple thing of like, okay, let's go bring this back again, like I'm finding resistance reaching out to these guys. Let's dig in. Let's let's uproot it. Let's deal with it. Let's keep moving forward. I think that's it's a very obvious takeaway as well, only you might you probably have some insight as well into this whole thing.

Speaker 1  15:44
Well, so I think that's great that you're dealing with impostor syndrome, because here's the deal. I did too. And, and people who are actually imposters, they never deal with impostor syndrome, because they don't even give a thought. Yeah, no, it's only people who are the real deal, and that are concerned about impostor syndrome, ya know? And that, because we care, we care. And you're right. And I will tell you for a long time, you know, guys like, Well, shit, I mean, you know, the guys in the group, a lot of them. Richard Rossi, and, and, you know, Ben Morris, and these guys who run these big businesses. You know, Richard Rossi just held an event this week at a stadium in Boston for 12,000 people, you know, I mean, that's kind of a big, fat hairy deal. He does that shit all the time. Oh, and, and, you know, and I used to put richer on him. In fact, you know, when I started tried for leaders in 2020, you know, I was having a conversation with somebody, and I was telling him, I was like, you know, as a as a Richard Rossi. I mean, and I really, yeah, it'd be cool to have him in the group. But then he's already so successful, he's already done this, and that, and the other thing, and he's already really well connected. And I just, you know, I just don't know, and, and the person I was talking to was like, well, she's kind of sounds like you made up his mind for him. And, and he was like, you know, I could point as it all, at least talk to him about. And so I had the conversation with rich and rich and I, we've been friends for like, five, six years, you know? And I just told him, I say, Hey, here's what I'm doing with trade, please, I just want to let you know about and see if this is something that you might find valuable. And when I got done, I said, Okay, that sounds great. Yeah, I'd love to be a part of that. I was like, wow. On one hand, Matthias, I was like, Holy shit, look, who just joined the group. And on the other hand, I was like, God, please let this be valuable for him. Yeah. And so I get, you know, the reason we feel the way we do that we reason we have this, what we call impostor syndrome, is because we want to be valuable to people, ya know? And, and I will tell you, that Matthias, you have an amazing skill sets. And you have lots of insight from doing the work that you've been doing. You just show up the right way. I mean, that's what attracted Alex, to you. You know, when I met Alex years ago, is when I had the other publishing company, and I was doing all these strategic partnerships. And Alex was an affiliate manager for this one guy, who I had done a partnership with, and, and apparently, there was sales made, but that guy who ran that company, was like, I'm not gonna tell Kevin and I'm not paying. And Alex was like, he didn't like that. And he ended up leaving that company. And, and when that when I went to Perry Marshalls, Rosetta Stone event in 2018. That's when Alex and I connected. And he told me about that at that time when the event actually happened years before that, you know, but he told me, he's a Kevin, he's like, he told me the whole story. And he's like, Kevin, is that you are just one of these guys who just comes from a complete place of integrity, and the way that you treat people and as I have always respected that about you, and he's like, I saw that in your business dealings through my role as an affiliate manager for people and, and he's like, and I ended up leaving that company as soon as I found out that they weren't going to pay you and stuff because and so, but the way that we show up, you know, that's why, you know, Alex,

Unknown Speaker  19:56
you

Speaker 1  19:58
you saw He was talking yesterday about who he wanted to attract the caliber of people that he wanted to attract. And he's not giving it a second thought. Because he's like, these are the people that need this info. These are the people to be there and stuff. And so it's he's not even given a second thought to like them being up here. And he's like, these are the people that need this. Yeah. And he's, I just, I just want to help him, I just want to serve, you know, and, and so with your skill set, and whatever interaction he's had with you, he feels that you would be a valuable resource in helping him deliver value to those people. While simultaneously you're going to now start a relationship with those people. They're now there, you're now going to be on their radar too, and stuff. But that is how this shit happens. That is how that is how we get in here. And, and so I can, I can tell by looking at you right now. And you just kind of like, start to hyperventilate, maybe there's a little bit but this is what, and yeah, and what you're experiencing is like holy shit. With the right people. It's not hard. It's very easy. It's very, yeah, no, yeah. And so

Speaker 2  21:25
yeah. And I think, for so many years, it felt like, all of these things were liabilities, not assets.

Unknown Speaker  21:37
So, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:39
It's it's a transition. It's a shift. It's a. But it's also the same time, it's an acceleration. So

Unknown Speaker  21:50
let me

Speaker 3  21:51
I want to Okay, so we're just gonna go by here. Open minded growth oriented

Speaker 1  22:00
culture, coachable values, innovation, self awareness. Okay. That's it. So I know that you have said, and I thought, I don't know if it was in here in this document. But I heard you say, you were definitely talked about on the call, you know, well, you've got length of time six to nine month engagement, I saw that and I chuckled, because I was like, well, that's when he starts to get bored, is after. And, and so I don't know that, you know, we are necessarily going to you and I fix that right here right now. But what I would encourage you to do is just kind of just start asking yourself with and not expecting that you need to come up with an answer right here right now or anything. But you just start asking yourself the question something along the lines of what would have to take place? What would have to happen? And who would I need to be working with? That that would just have me fully engaged and excited for the long term? And maybe you don't even want that? I don't know. Maybe? Or, but maybe you do. And maybe you just want to explore that, ya know? And the way we explore it, it's just to start asking ourselves, Well, what what might that look like? What would the what would have to be in place for me to just be because I look at what I do right now, Matthias, and I feel until something shifts right now. And I've been really, I've been doing this since 2017. So we're six years in, I feel ceases. I'll be 58 years old next month with eyes. And I feel at 58 years old. I'm just now starting to really figure shit out. And I'm really excited to be on this journey. I'm excited for what's already happened. I'm excited for what's happening right here right now. And I'm excited because I, I think like my gosh, what's gonna be happening in six months or a year or two years or four years? And like, I just get jazzed just like I can't even imagine but man, it's exciting to think about Yeah, no. And, and so from my perspective, right now,

Unknown Speaker  24:23
I mean, I feel I'd be doing this or some version of it till the day I die, you know, until I can Oh, if that's you know, I mean, but I don't know

Speaker 1  24:39
I mean, it there's nothing wrong with you know, if you got a cycle like that, but I mean, just kind of given thought what would have to happen in order for me to like, be engaged and totally excited long term and just start giving thought to it the stuff

Speaker 2  24:59
you know, I think I can give you two answers right off the top of my head. Number one has been times where there's not been growth. And it's I've been pigeon holed into doing the same thing over and over and over and over again, past the past when I figured it out. And then the other piece is when things have been thrown on my shoulders, and not a lot of support granted in solving the bottleneck for the issue. And I think so if you put that around to a positive, I think I think that healthy, healthy growth with new challenges. And it's still it's still this thing that I talked about last time, I think this, this picture keeps evolving, and I'm sure it will, until I'm 58. But like, working on operations, working on building it, but not being inside the machine. And having the support that I need. And, and the types of people they're, they're just great people, people want to go out for a beer a snake grip, you know, whatever, like. Yes,

Unknown Speaker  26:17
yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  26:21
No, in the end a piece. So you mentioned it's kind of been recent, not that not that long ago, that you were you were struggling financially, it just even just pay it paid the bills, stuff. And so that's kind of top of mind for you. And it, I will tell you that I've been in the same exact position. And in fact, 2019, even after I started doing this, you know, I partnered with, with Alex from 2017, to 2019. And by September of 2019, I was pulling my hair out, because the model that we were using was just completely out of alignment with who I was, and how I wanted to show up to be able to serve people. And, and so it put when I split ways with Alex, it really put me in a financial bind. And I was like, What in the hell am I going to do from here, you know, and what's interesting is that GAO Marybeth that I spoke with this morning, she was at the second event I ever held in my home, she ended up joining that program with Alex and I had $25,000 from that event and stuff. And yet, here we are circling back around and and we've kind of been in touch the whole time, even though she hasn't been a client anymore. But she was telling me that this morning cab when I came to that event at your house in 2017, it was right after my husband passed away. And she goes that was really getting out of my comfort zone to come there. But she goes Kevin, she goes, You invited the most amazing people who gave me exactly what I needed at that time, which was just to interact with some heart centered people, some heart centered entrepreneurs who were doing some really good things. And we did get to talking about the programming with Alex and, and I was like, you know, and, and she was at Kevin, she goes, it's I watched you, I she goes, I stalk you on Facebook all the time. And she goes, it is just so awesome to see where you've come and what you're doing now. And she goes, you're such an inspiration to me. And I had no idea all this was going on in her mind. And I this is the lady that comes out of work and with the corporate clients brother and and Hagen dies and all these big huge companies, you know, and I, I used to put her on one of these pedestal for sure, you know, and, and, and she and she tells me today she goes, you know, she goes, you're this guy who places such a high value on relationships and Alex, he's the guy that is like, he's the numbers guy. That's let's get down to brass tacks and find the numbers and find the money and all that and, and she goes on, there's nothing wrong with that there's a time and a place for that. But she's like, You need somebody who's the relationship guy so that the money can flow, you know. And and so, you know, now she's joining us for a roundtable next month. And you know, and I'm and I'm just even watching how this and like, the whole camera, I'm not even thinking about I want to make a sale. I'm not even thinking about a $25,000 sale or anything. And the same thing with Rick Martinez who was the guy that I already talked to and then he for whatever reason was like, you know, I'm gonna hold out for right now because he's like, Man, I just think my wife would totally just have she blah blah Have a solar. Because Well for one, because I had told him it's a $50,000 a year group. And but if you're open to a revenue share, you come in and 25,000. And so he was like, my wife would probably just blow a blood vessel when I tell her it's a $50,000 group. So he had the $50,000 figure in his mind, you know, and, but when he said when he was saying he's like, obviously, he's and I'm not saying no, I'm just saying that right now. And when I got that message from him, Matthias, my heart sank. And it wasn't that, like, I stopped going it I don't have a new member, like I thought I did. It was, man, I want this, all this stuff was going on. And I wanted to keep the momentum going, I wanted to keep this going, I wanted to bring him into the group, and he's gonna have, he's gonna fit in so well. And he's just going to the group is going to be that much better, because he's there. And, and so I sent him this frickin audio message that was 11 minutes and something long, and I broke it down into five. And I'm like, man, who the hell does this, but I just, I was just speaking from the heart, man. And I had gone back and done my research. And I had created this timeline as like, Rick, I gotta point all this out to you some of this, you know, because we've talked about it. But there's some of this stuff that you don't know. And I want you to know it. And at the end, I just told him, I said, and say, I, I can't just let this go, I cannot just let this go. Because I feel so strongly that there is something here and that there is so much more here for us, and so much more here for you. And you know, Matthias having come from running my publishing business for 13 years, and doing all these sales presentations, and I got really frickin good at it. I mean, I just dialed into presentation. And it worked really well for 13 years. And I don't know how many hundreds of times I did that. But I did that presentation a lot. And it's sold. And but but this is way different. This isn't like selling like that, per se. It is selling, but it's like it's got a such a different feel to it. And I can tell it, it's visceral, I can feel such a difference. And like even with Mary Beth. Now, I don't know if Mary Beth will end up joining the group or not? Because I was thinking about that today. Oh, my gosh, if she joined the group, She's the only woman in the group. Yeah, no. And I'm like, what would that dynamic be? Like? How would that be for her? How would that be for everybody? I mean, I just, I just found myself thinking about that, ya know? And if

Speaker 2  32:54
I can, if I can jump in here, if there's any type of environment where somebody like that would feel welcome. You know, I find that there's a lot of, you know, this, a lot of our mastermind groups have extremely strong masculine energy. And type A, and most of the females that you find in that group leaned heavily on on that, you know, towards the masculine energy as well, totally. And there are very few I mean, for lack of a better term, you know, there's there's very few effective masterminds or groups, for people who are not hardcore that way. There are some that are just like, hey, let's get together, let's be friends, let's hang out, you know, whatever, like, that kind of thing, but not for something that you've done something unique in the value for relationships here that it's a group that I think people like that people like heard, you know, I, you know, ratios by themselves are, are skewed, probably in some of these circles that we're in, but that people like groom would find themselves being comfortable in these types of spaces more comfortable than then they do in other spaces. I think it's, I think it's commendable. I mean, yeah, it's hard to describe what it is that you do, there's, there's this environment and atmosphere in, in setting space that you create, that allows things to, to come out of it. So it's a little bit of a ramble, but I would expect of all groups, this seems like like a group that is welcoming to

Speaker 1  34:45
Yeah, and I really appreciate you sharing that because, you know, while I was thinking about that, during the call we had today, I was just like, man, it just it I can't help but notice that like Mary Beth reached out to me on her own court on her own accord two days ago and, and she actually reached out no, she reached out on Sunday to wish me happy Father's Day is what it was. She reached out Senator wish me happy Father's Day. And I just said, there, thank you so much. And then she messaged me back and said, I would love to catch up with you. And I'm like, perfect, I'd love to catch up to here's my calendar, like, and so she booked a call for this morning. And, and so and I'm just like, you know, on that card, just like, wow, this is just such interesting timing, that her and I are reconnecting right now. And even having the conversation that we have, and, and you know, and I was sharing all that with you. But I asked because, like I said, in 2019 wasn't that long ago when I was in a real financial pickle myself. And, and not an i, it sucks. I mean, especially being a family guy with kids and being the financial provider. I mean, that plays all kinds of bullshit with your head, you know, if you're not providing in a way that makes us feel like, good about what we do, you know? And, and so that really lays on you. And but what I can tell you is, I can't say that they shouldn't going to happen in the future. It will, it will. But I have a feel it just the energy and the feeling around what I'm doing now is so completely different than what I did before. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  36:33
And well,

Speaker 2  36:37
you're building an asset that you can build with real estate, or AI tech, or latest marketing, which it which is deep investment into the lives of others, and deep, deep relational capital and other people. And I think this is the analytical side of me coming coming out here. But that in itself is one of the best insurances that you can have going forward, if something should happen. Yeah, like,

Unknown Speaker  37:10
I agree.

Speaker 1  37:12
I agree. I mean, a lot of a lot of people have been doing a lot of different things, to prepare for uncertainty, and I've just been doubling and tripling and quadrupling down on relationships. Yeah, what I've been doing. And that feels like the best thing that I could be doing, you know, that feels like the best thing. And not only for myself, but for everybody that I'm doing it with, ya know, and, and so, you know, I think, you know, with with where you're at, you know, I mean, we, when we're when we were worried, or concerned about finances, or lack of finances in the back of our heads and stuff, that, you know, just that hope and you're studying this mindset, and heck, even got a coach around it and stuff. And so, you know, when we focus on the lack of anything, it's like, we ended up seeming to attract more of that. Whereas, you know, when we focus on what we want, you know, and that we ended up attracting more of that, and I you know, I've had this little mantra that I've been sending now, I have all these different times throughout the day, when I say it, I every time I get in my truck, I say it every time I get out of my truck, I say it every time I get up in the morning and go into the bathroom to brush my teeth, I say it before. And it's really simple. And it's, it's, you know, I'm compensated millions of dollars, because I facilitate relationships that impact millions of people. And that's it. And I just say that shit to myself, I don't know how many times a day, probably if I had to guess 10 to 15 times a day. And I have certain things that trigger me to say that so I make sure I just say that shit all the time. You know? And I've only been doing that since in the last couple of weeks since I started reading this this book. Yeah, no. And now, you know, before I finished that book, I went and bought his other two books because I'm like, I'm gonna read them next. Cuz I'm like, I I just and I you know, and I'm just like, man, that book came out at least 10 years ago, I saw it as it would be on Oprah too and stuff. I watched that and and I'm like, Dang, this has been out for a while and I might have heard of it but I never read it and and yeah 10 years later after it came out reading it in perfect timing. And yeah. So yeah, I guess you know, what happened on the call this week and the way that Alex just so matter? effect the oh, we should just do this thing together. And I'm like, Yep, it is. There it is, you know, and, and that's exactly how this stuff happens. And I and Matthias, there's going to be there's plenty more where that came from. There's plenty more where that came from. And I just, I just challenge you to just spread your wings play have fun with it, experiment. Yes. How much can you receive? Because the more that you can receive, the more you can give? Yeah, no. And, and there's plenty more, there's plenty more where that came from. And I will tell you, with what I'm experiencing now. You know, it just, it just keeps on expanding and expanding. And I'm just like, wow, look at this, you know, but like this morning, or powerful connections. And I'm like, I didn't know Ty, we knew all these people. And you know what, so I interviewed him for the podcast last year, we've never met, we got connected through a mutual friend. And that he this this friend of his Kyle lives in Seattle, and, and I know Kyle, and and him and Kyle got to talk in. And he was going to come up here for a trip and Kyle was telling him about me. And he's like, he said, we should get all three of us together and go have a drink. And he never, so he got a hold of me for that. He sent me a friend request on Facebook and then said, you know, hey, my buddy, Kyle and I were talking, I'm going to come up there. And we just thought all three of us should get together. And I'm like, sure I totally do that. Well, we never even did that. And but I've been following him ever since on Facebook. And he's this really big black guy. You know, I see a black guy and my wife says, Honey, that's not the right terminology. And I'm like, I don't know, I used to hang out with Buckeyes when I was in the military all the time. And that's what we called it. I'm like, so I don't know. But he's this really big colored guy. And I know he smoked cigars. I know, he's married. He's got he's now got children, two little two little kids and stuff. And after interviewing him on the podcast last year, then this week, to this morning, he just out of the blue sends me for people to interview for the podcast and stuff. And, and I'm just like, just completely out of the blue. Now him and I were talking recently because he had put this video up. That was hilarious of his wife Amanda changing their baby girl and this baby girl had one hell of a poopy diaper. And she was and he was filled with the whole thing. And I did message him i i know that she was she was like Kyrie gets your ass over here and you help me but the whole time she's gagging you know? And she's like, dammit carry and he just like chuckling and I think when he posted that on Facebook, other people are saying you're an asshole man. You're not even helping her nothing. And but I was like, Man, I laughed so hard. And I showed it to Lisa as because man as I as I carry I said me and Lisa were laughing so damn hard at that video of Amanda Gagan around the baby Pope and because we both been there and done that shit. And, and so we have that. And then what did he do? I was down in Austin in January. And I don't remember what had happened. Something happened he posted something on Facebook. And I had just spent the evening before I had dinner with my friend Ron Lynch and his wife and Ron and Kyrie are friends. I know that and and I was like, You know what, I'm gonna send Korea gift and so I got a hold of Ron that was like, hey, as at what's carries address and Ron got me Kirby's address. And so as I'm sitting there at the airport, waiting for my flight to come home. I ordered him a a bottle of I think it was Blanton's whiskey, which is a high end whiskey was I don't know, it was like 160 bucks for the bottle or something. And the only reason I knew because I'm not a whiskey guy. I mean, I drink for some woodfords reserves or whatever. So once in a while, but the only reason I knew that Blanton's was must be an okay whiskey or whatever it was because my buddy another friend of mine had posted over the holidays, how pissed off he was that somebody came over to his house and drank all his fucking blankets. And he's like, this is like top of the line stuff and and they were mixed. And it was coke. And he was just furious about this. And so I'm like, well, that must be pretty good alcohol. So I ordered a bottle of that and sent it to Kyrie and from the airport that day, and, and then when he got it, he posted, and he was a wow, somebody sent me this and I don't have a clue who sent me this and stuff. And I said, but he's a ferment this stuff is really good. And he's like, somebody's got good taste. And so then I let him know that it was me and stuff. And I, I can't remember what the circumstances were around that. But it just it just it just kind of like, and like I said, I've given him that the game person. But, but, but I'm looking at what's happening now going, Wow, that's really cool. Ya know, and, and so, you know, we just keep doing this stuff. And we just keep showing up. And we just and we just keep doing with what feels right in the moment. And it just keeps coming around. And it just and it happens really easily. It happens really easily in and you're in for a ride. Matthias you're in for a ride, man. And I'm glad you got more clarity around who you want to serve and how you want to show up. And the more we get that, you know, you'll you'll keep getting more and more clarity. And you'll keep track of more and more of that. Yeah.

Speaker 3  46:33
So yeah. So exciting. Yeah. All right. Well,

Speaker 2  46:43
I got one little bit of a random question for you here. Okay. I'm playing around with that. I have my code house brand right now. But I'm playing around a little bit with a personal brand. You got just a few minutes here. Okay. Do you still have a few minutes? Yep. Yeah, no, you need one secondary bullet stuck together. You can actually see it

Unknown Speaker  47:26
where's my share screen. And you want to get your knee jerk reaction on these.

Speaker 2  47:36
So this one is no water. No, no. No symbol, anything like that. I'll use that one.

Unknown Speaker  47:52
So out of those two, I like the first one better. Okay. That one's okay. Okay. Definitely not that one. Yeah, I'd still go with the first one. First one. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  48:15
But you know, you know, it's interesting. I see. People like guys, gals post and face on Facebook, their logos, and our logo options and stuff and, and ask them Hey, which one do you like better? And, and it's like, it's always interesting thing, but it's always, you know, a lot of varying opinions and stuff, because that's all it is. It's opinion, you know. And, and right now, so when we had tried for leaders, in fact, we paid to get a logo done. And, and I don't remember how much we invested for that, but it was several $100. And then one of our existing tribe for leaders members side and like, you know what, I don't really like that. And I don't like your logo, and why don't you let me and my team make a better logo for you. And so I'll put the link to the website in the chat here. Because the logo, even though not a dang thing is happening at that website. The logo is right there at the top of the page and stuff. And it's a cool, it's a cool logo. And we had you know, you can see in the upper left as well as you know, the big the big lighthouse there, but then the upper left that was the full logo right there in the upper left of that webpage. Yep. And yet right now, for Impact and legacy. There is is no logo, there's no website, there's not a damn thing. So, and, and maybe I'll get around to it. But, you know, right now I just haven't felt that that's the most important thing to spend?

Speaker 2  50:15
Well, you know, I think I think some of this stuff, for me at least is I've been around this track a few times, I think sometimes getting some of that stuff together is too much. For my sake, because of this or anybody else's. Getting clarity on on articulating what it is I do, having a place that the drop some of that stuff? I don't know.

Speaker 1  50:37
Yeah, yeah. I think, you know, at least for me, and I'm not, you know, I mean, and I have thought about, you know, it would be cool to have a logo and stuff for the, for the company, you know, and for this new direction, but I, I think I'm kind of just waiting to have more experience under my belt to before I even concern myself with it, and seven, just have more experiences, you know. And, but but, you know, this type really, for me getting clear on, you know, because when I started doing this last year, I had a qualifier of seven, seven to nine figure, entrepreneur, entrepreneurs running seven to nine figure companies, you know, and because I felt that, you know, with, with the experiences I've had, I felt that like, okay, you know, that's who I can help best with is entrepreneurs already at that level. But then my friend, Blake Schoenfeld, and I had a conversation, and because I was telling her about the roundtables I was doing, and all of that kind of stuff. And I was asking him, you know, I was like, Can I share my Google Doc with you, in case you, you or anybody else, you know, if you knew somebody who you feel would really value an experience like this, then you can let them know about me and stuff. And, and, and she asked me, Well, Kevin, why, why the seven to nine figure qualifier. And I explained to her what I just explained to you, and I said, but at the same time, like, I know, I'm just kind of getting going in this direction with this, and, and I'm trying to get more clarity around who my ideal person to serve would be. And she's like, well, she goes, you know, she goes, most of what you have there really resonates with me. But she goes, and I know people that would probably make sense to invite. But she goes, I honestly, I don't know if they have seven, eight or nine figure businesses, and I wouldn't feel comfortable asking them either, you know, and but yeah, I know, she serves clients at that level. I know she does. And that conversation led to more clarity, because you know, at the time, Alex, Alex came out, have tried for leaders, but he just hit seven figures this year in his own business and stuff. He wasn't seven fingers before. But yeah, Alex is totally a right fit for this group. You know, and so it and then you got somebody like Richard, I don't know where Richard is at revenue wise between his, you know, Congress of medical leaners and between his he's also got the the group, the DaVinci group, the DaVinci, 50. He's got that group and he's got the other stuff that he does. I mean, if I had to guess he's probably 50 to 70 million or something like that. Maybe more, you know, I don't know, I haven't specifically asked Richard either. I don't know. I don't know, you know, and, and so it's, it's really what I have come to figure out and like, the clarity that I've got over the last year is, it is well established entrepreneurs who are already, they're already selling their fake, because I can't I can't do my thing with anybody who can't already sell their thing. Yeah, that's completely pointless to have a guy like me in the corner if you can't already sell your thing. And so they gotta be already selling their thing. They, they place a very high value on relationships, they, we have shared values, you know, all of these kinds of things are what makes my ideal client and stuff. And it's not I mean, you know, they, you know, well established that, I mean, they're probably going to be in at least in the million dollar level or there abouts. You know, but I don't specifically ask because it is kind of more of a feeling, you know, and I don't have that stipulation now, because it is more of a feeling of how does somebody show up, you know, and doing a podcast interview and then inviting somebody to a roundtable nobody there in those environments know it, but me I'm screening every damn buddy Oh, all the time, I'm the screening like, how do they show up? How do you know? Is this somebody that I would invite to the next step, which from a podcast interview would be to a roundtable, you know, and then from there is this somebody that I feel I'd want to have a conversation with, because I can help them if they're the right kind of person. And then from there, you know, if they feel the same way that we'll have the conversation, you know, I got a guy right now, that was on the last roundtable last week, and he just got back to me today and, and he's, like, Kev, he's, I totally see value in what you're doing. But he's like, you know, what is a my thing right now, to grow and scale this thing I need to get the ads figured out. And he's like, and I met a guy on the roundtable that he's like, I'm hiring him. Because I think he can help me do it. And, and he's, I can, once I get there, he's like, then I could see maybe looking at your group and stuff, you know, and, and he's only doing well, but he's, he he hasn't had a mechanism. He's tried running ads before and it went with the wrong company. They didn't do right by him and all that kind of stuff, you know, and, and so he's like, he's, I don't have a steady, predictable way to bring people into my front end. And that's the most important thing to me, right? Yeah. Yeah. And I get that, I get that.

Speaker 2  56:22
So, so. Good. Well, anything else that jumped out at you

Speaker 1  56:32
from Oh, that was the main thing jumped out at me and stuff.

Speaker 2  56:36
Good. I appreciate you taking a look at this. And yeah, it's been good. It's been good. A good experience. Yeah. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  56:47
Well, there's plenty more coming in. So buckle up.

Unknown Speaker  56:54
All right. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  56:55
Enjoy the ride.

Unknown Speaker  56:58
All right. You have a great rest. today. We'll be in touch. All right. Sounds good. Thanks. Bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai