Unknown Speaker  00:00
All right, well, I think we're all here.

Matthias Miller  00:02
We'll jump back in.

Unknown Speaker  00:05
We can keep going with

Matthias Miller  00:08
either the slides and I expect any point within. We're chillin, we'll probably start veering off of this anyway. But so any questions kind of takes us into more of the efficient selling around the communication, verbal duty, Verbal Judo, importance of voice, voice pacing. Any any questions that you guys have on on that part of

Unknown Speaker  00:33
the process

Speaker 1  00:45
only read that one book out of the four. So I feel like essence, study. Which one? Well, Matthias actually sent me the Verbal Judo book when

Speaker 2  00:56
I started in October. It's great.

Speaker 1  01:01
But I will need to read it again. It's like there's so much. It's like absorbing a lifetime of training in one book. It's insane.

Speaker 3  01:10
Well, if you want to hear if you want to hear a funny story I was at we okay, I was at Goodwill the other day. And I picked up another book by Seth Godin called

Unknown Speaker  01:19
when to call it quits.

Speaker 3  01:25
And I'd never seen that one before. It was just tiny. And I just started reading it. So we'll see how that one goes.

Unknown Speaker  01:33
Sounds good. Is it good? So far? It is

Speaker 3  01:35
I'm like, I've only been like pick it up and read it for like 25 minutes, a chapter and a half. And so, um, so far? Yeah, it's good. It's only like 75 pages long. So that's even better. Oh.

Speaker 1  01:57
No, I think boys, just just to be sure to comment on this publicly external microphone recall to and we are working to get our call recordings, I think backup on sales message. But you know, Michael, if there's ever a critique or comment, it's, we don't work in a shared office. So there's not like you hear someone over the wall or y'all How's interesting that you can almost learn and bounce ideas off of each other. The only way we have to do that is through going back and listening. Or, you know, having a frank conversation like that was really good. Do that again, or that was not how that should be handled? least don't ever do. I feel like as a team, virtually, we have to kind of go to great lengths to make sure we're critiquing ourselves in that area.

Unknown Speaker  02:42
It's necessary though. Yeah, one other thing

Speaker 3  02:49
to mention on that, like, there's just kind of a sidebar, but like, you can experiment on this outside of the sales realm and your career. You can do it with your friends. And you know, Matt's been experiment for me. We were friends, I think there's other people that I have, I've read a technique or learned a technique, and I just use it on somebody just and I don't tell them, like, does this work? Because if if what they say is true, is it going to work? That should work on anybody? Right? So I try it on somebody else. I try it on a friend or in a particular situation. And if it works, I'm like, great. Well, let's just spin a sales technique to this and we'll add it so.

Unknown Speaker  03:42
Good

Matthias Miller  03:43
lead qualification? Any? No, we touched on this a bit earlier as well. Anything, any questions in this part of it?

Unknown Speaker  03:52
I'm gonna jump in here and say something.

Speaker 3  03:56
If you are doing testing on the marketing and the lead sources like qualification, it is really nice for the salespeople to be able to notate what type of lead comes in. So that in their CRM, they can just keep a note of hey, and this is necessary when you're first starting out and trying to develop this,

Speaker 2  04:16
of saying, that's the type of lead that it was.

Speaker 3  04:21
That's the landing page or whatever. And being able to track what it does and maybe when a when a customer response. So it requires a little bit more work on the salespeople, but as a company basis to know where to do the ad spend and to actually improve your lead quality of things coming across to the salespeople. It is important for the salespeople to keep track a little bit of that. So a certain type of form that comes in if there's a certain way that they can see at a glance what type it is and just mark Hey, this customer didn't respond back. And then maybe this one has more of a higher tendency to respond back in three days or a week. It's really positive feedback for your advertising team and also for the company. But then also in the long, this is actually a long haul for you guys. So your leads get better and you're not spending as much time on unqualified leads, shall we say? I shouldn't say unqualified leads a lead is a lead, but you're your low hanging fruit. I

Unknown Speaker  05:19
guess what I'm gonna say

Unknown Speaker  05:27
the one question I did have was

Unknown Speaker  05:31
on response time, I

Speaker 4  05:32
know you had said, ideally, responding to see leads coming in in a minute. And for sure in to

Unknown Speaker  05:40
Yep. But maybe

Unknown Speaker  05:47
talk to us a little bit on that.

Unknown Speaker  05:52
What happens if

Speaker 4  05:53
you get busy, you have a whole bunch of leads coming in? And you just can't get around to it one? And what about like, late at night? And they come in overnight? Or maybe at times when? weekends when there's nobody around? Or just how should those be handled to still not, you know, have a negative?

Unknown Speaker  06:16
Yeah. Anybody from? No, that's

Speaker 3  06:18
a good question. So my goal to respond to it was through working hours. So that was my timeframe, through working hours, if it came in after the fact. It was just first thing the next morning, you can set it up differently. And there's studies done that will show Okay, well, you should answer him after hours anyway. I disagree with that just from the salespersons perspective as me because I don't want to be working 24/7

Unknown Speaker  06:49
I need some time personally to that's just that's me. So

Speaker 3  06:53
here's what my method was for anything that came in overnight,

Speaker 2  06:57
or over the weekend, the shortest method that I could use to contact the customer was what I used first. So I would sometimes like I'd come in on a Monday morning. And we didn't work on the weekends, I would have 40 to 60 leads on a Monday.

Speaker 3  07:22
And I could split it up with my other salesperson if I wanted to. Because I was kind of in the manager role at that time.

Speaker 2  07:29
Or however I wanted to handle it. But what I would do is I would open each one of those up and give them a call and whoever answered the call took precedence. And I would respond with a quote or answer their questions. And then they'll and then

Speaker 3  07:47
anybody after that would take less precedent. So maybe they might be end of day, and the lead may have come out on on Sunday. For sake of example, it might be end of the day on Monday till I give them a quote or even reach out to them again. But I generally tried for me phone call was the quickest. So I just pick up the phone and make the calls. And I actually was able to see the lead sources that came in and I was able to see well I have 40 leads, but 20 of these are my one percenters. So those, I had two different ways of doing this, if I didn't have a really high percentage of people asking for quotes, I would just burn through those first 20 The one percenter people and just give them a call, leave them a message and it was just bam, bam, bam, after that, okay. And what I had to do is I had to enter those manually into my CRM, it didn't copy in. So that was a lot of work for me. So I had that way of doing it. Or if there was a higher percentage of the ones asking for a quote, or a voicemail. Anybody that left a voicemail always took the top of my list. And then emails asking for a quote, was secondary. So it kind of varies. I played around with that, like, Hey, is it easier for me to

Speaker 2  09:05
leave, call and leave a phone message for all these 20 people that are

Speaker 3  09:11
one percenters? Or should I spend time with the actual people asking for quotes? And so I played around with that I didn't find a real solid way of doing that. But still the people asking for quotes, and the people asking or leaving a voicemail or anything like that, I generally took the top of my list. And then in the middle of there, maybe when I'm designing a quote, I got off of a phone call, and they asked me for a bunch of details and it was Monday and I was rattled. Well then I just called two people on the one percenter and left him a voicemail, and then I went right back into the quote, so there's not really any

Unknown Speaker  09:53
easy way to explain that this

Speaker 3  09:54
is the you know, you need to follow a, b and c to make this happen. But I still hold true to the fact that if you know which leads are a higher quality, those go to the top of your list reach

Unknown Speaker  10:06
out to them first.

Speaker 3  10:10
So yeah, there's times that lead your response times are 15 minutes because you're on the phone call with somebody else or there's times it's an hour this somebody walks in, if you're only doing this by yourself. And over the weekends or throughout the evening, it might be a couple hour period.

Matthias Miller  10:32
So one question with that. Eric, did you have a specific way of tagging leads such as, you know, ranking them in the CRM as level of quality? And if so, what kind of structure did you use for that? Or when do you recommend?

Speaker 3  10:47
Yeah, it was it was just, I tagged it as a type of lead source. And I just internally knew. So we had landing page as a lead source we had online, we had

Speaker 2  10:59
a quote, we had the PDF,

Speaker 3  11:05
price guide. And whenever those leads came in, I was able to recognize them when they came in on an email form. And then I just tagged them. So that's what I had to do is, our email didn't link directly with our CRM, so I had to manually enter every single lead that came in.

Speaker 3  11:34
I do have a question. Are you guys marketing anything on Facebook? And do you do anything with Facebook like messenger? We're not

Matthias Miller  11:44
even advertising on Facebook Messenger, like via

Speaker 3  11:47
Facebook add on, and then people respond via Facebook Messenger.

Matthias Miller  11:51
We're not driving Facebook ads to messenger at this point. Okay. Okay. Do you have any feedback on that?

Unknown Speaker  11:58
Well, what I was just going to say,

Speaker 3  12:00
in regards to responses, response times. And here's what I've seen a lot. If you do mark it on Facebook and social media, you're going to get a lot of after hours, requests and comments. So if you want to work all night long, and that includes into three o'clock in the morning, you'll have that. So you're always going to have some type of delay in that in a response time unless you're willing to, to actually, you know, answer their questions at whatever time they send them in.

Matthias Miller  12:32
Or unless we're willing to hire somebody from Hawaii. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  12:36
Yeah, on a different timezone. Sense.

Matthias Miller  12:43
Many more questions on leaf qualification,

Unknown Speaker  12:46
not one question here.

Speaker 4  12:51
And one question all the way the bottom is where we talked about back to the conversion rate thing. We spoke about this already, with the average conversion rate being 20 20%, and a lead for 86% percent on qualified ones. If we were no, we spoken about a whole lot of different things that and we done and should be done to help with all of this with the close rates, and it's very helpful. If you were

Unknown Speaker  13:29
to have one minute,

Speaker 4  13:34
you'd have only 60 seconds to talk about. Like the most important thing, if I can only have one minute to tell you what, you know, you can do to help get that close rate up to that 46% of qualified leads. Why would you tell me that I should

Unknown Speaker  13:54
be doing? Can I have a couple minutes to think about that? Sure. Okay.

Speaker 3  14:03
Let me think about that. If anybody else has a question in the middle there, let me know.

Speaker 2  14:08
And I'll let you know when I'm ready to answer that one. Good.

Unknown Speaker  14:19
So

Speaker 3  14:20
let me ask you this. The one minute is it in getting your close rate up or being able to qualify the lead?

Unknown Speaker  14:33
Guess essentially

Speaker 4  14:33
what I'd be looking for is what it could be. I guess. Maybe qualifying the lead is the answer but ultimately, taking us from where we are now. To there. Okay, but could we do to crack the code further from where we're at to get it to those numbers? Got it. Okay. actions at

Unknown Speaker  15:00
three action steps.

Speaker 2  15:04
Okay, one, I'm going to say, spend time developing a story that you want to tell to your clients that you as a company do.

Speaker 3  15:15
That's one and that can include contact with for email campaign, or auto responder, or whatever that

Unknown Speaker  15:21
is, okay. That's one thing to do is run a test of the

Speaker 3  15:29
type of ads or the type of advertising you're doing and run to side by side, if you're not already, just to see which one works the best. And just experiment with that. And then three is asking the correct questions, if your customers are actually picking up the phone. And three would be asking the correct questions. And all. If you want to get better leads, you have to notate information from the sales perspective, and take feedback from your salespeople to get a better lead, so that it has to be a constant loop of, okay, we have ad spend, let's talk to our ad people, we need a way to market then when my when my salespeople are calling these people, they're not receiving responses are where they are. And it is a little bit of work, but your salespeople need to notate that. And then that gets relayed back to you as an owner or an ad marketing agency, which allows you to just keep it constant improvement. Get your lead quality up so that instead of every 20, that every 20 leads that come in and you pick up the phone, only one person answers, you want that to be at, you know, 20 people call in or 20 people send a lead in and you pick up the phone and 10 people answer. But it does require communication from the sales team. Linking it back to the ads to the owner. However, you guys do that on the back end. But I would say that's probably the biggest recipe for success is being able to communicate that as an ad marketing person just reaching out to your salespeople and say, Hey, by the way, we're testing a form right now. This is what it looks like coming across to you. Can you please keep track of this for the first 14 days?

Unknown Speaker  17:18
Like what's your response

Speaker 3  17:19
rate to people answer the phone? Do you know, do they want to quote out of this? Sometimes it can just be really simple to even answer the phone. Now if that's the case, then great. That's an improvement. So that constant communication of relaying that information when you do release something as an ad and letting your salespeople know, really important, that's over a minute, but sorry.

Unknown Speaker  17:44
That's really good. Appreciate that.

Matthias Miller  17:47
So if I can jump in here a little bit, I think our media buyer does does a fantastic job of split testing, especially ad messaging. And we've there been as part of this feedback, we've hit some ads that have actually performed quite well, because salespeople have said, Mercer Tory said, hey, people are talking about x. And so we say we go back to the media buyer and say these guys are talking about it. And then that we've seen proven that there's room for improvement on landing page split testing, and we've had some some talks about that antibody resources to it at this point.

Unknown Speaker  18:21
But I think from

Matthias Miller  18:23
where I stand, I would be interested in hearing Merson, Tori, your perspective on this seems to me that reach ability of folks is high is at or above what? Eric set as kind of an expectation for standard. But do you guys agree with that? Are you guys still feeling pain with actually being able to reach

Unknown Speaker  18:46
reach people? My numbers may be skewed.

Unknown Speaker  18:55
What was the number that Eric said? The percentage?

Speaker 3  19:01
I don't know what I'm like I was trying to figure out what Matthias was talking about here. So he will explain. Okay, so

Matthias Miller  19:06
if Yeah, if so, Eric said that he's closing 40 to 60% of qualified leads. And he's closing 10% of 10 to 20% of the big pool. So if we have 100 people, you're closing 10. That means you're having conversations if you're if you're closing it 40 to 60%. You're having conversations with maybe 20 people. And so out of all the leads, we should be able to get in contact with 20 to about 20% of the people who respond and Eric in just a moment you can speak into whether that's about whether that's reasonable. What I'm seeing is That's true over an extended time period. So November, November, we were at 26% Sorry, December 26, November 35, October 51. And I'm not quite sure if those numbers are completely accurate in whether we we hit them because I think there's some some that got flagged because we generated quotes even before we didn't actually speak with them. But based off of that, it gives me an impression that if a if those numbers are right, and, and be based on what I'm seeing, it looks like, our ability to actually get in touch with leads is at least in the ballpark of what we might

Unknown Speaker  20:17
expect. Yeah.

Speaker 1  20:23
Since we introduced texting Matthias, we've gotten closer to 20%. That was key, because we still have a pain point of getting people on the phone. Tori, if that's my, that's my experience. Um, maybe it's different with Victoria on that maybe Saturdays are different, but um, the phone, actually getting a voice on the other line is still a little bit of a pain point, I think we've been able to scale up our ability to take the giant pool to quote, because of the texting, and because of efficient use of asking the right questions via email, because we're sending them

Unknown Speaker  21:03
the mock up.

Speaker 1  21:06
I guess that's not a formal quote. And then they we are trying to ask them questions to generate feedback to get them a little further down the line

Unknown Speaker  21:15
towards a formal vote.

Speaker 1  21:18
So it's still there to answer your question, but I do think that our percentage has grown from nothing to more responses, because we're using more channels to have this dialog

Unknown Speaker  21:31
some people.

Speaker 5  21:35
Yeah, I would agree with that. I do think it's around 20%. I've had I have seen the increase as well, when we introduced texting, I think you're having a little more success with that. Marissa, as far as, you know, being able to close people with the texting and all that. I'm seeing more people respond to email, I am able to get people on the phone probably.

Unknown Speaker  21:55
Probably like 10% of the time.

Unknown Speaker  22:05
That's not

Speaker 3  22:05
bad. And like he better said, I don't know how many leads that you have coming in. I think Matthias sent me some graphs. And I don't have them in front of me. But yeah, I mean, I think the biggest thing inside of your mind as, as a salesperson, salespeople look at this different than a marketing company. And they look at it differently than the company owner. That's just the fact of the matter. I had arguments with my, my owner and my sales manager. Because of that, and I'm like, no, no, these are bad leads, these are terrible. And he came around to that to some extent. But at the same time, he was also able to push back on it when he needed to with me as well. But the marketing agencies on a general hole. And this is not true for every one of them. But it seems like they will say that anybody that comes onto your website is a lead. And as a click. And for me as a salesperson, that doesn't mean anything unless they actually give me something to work with. So there's always a little bit of discrepancy on what we look for salespeople look for something a little bit different. The owner and the sales manager always want the salespeople to close at a higher rate. And you probably want that for yourself too. But that's that's the goal. And ultimately, your company is the one paying for the leads. So that's a big deal, too. But that's where it was, I found it really important for me to just constantly relay communicate of, hey, this lead seems to be working, you know, I have a higher response rate of phone call and email. And whether it changed anything on the company policy or not really didn't, you know, it did in the long run. But at the same time, it was compiling information for me that even if the company chose to keep a certain type of lead form, because they thought it was important, it forced me as a salesperson to figure out a new process for that particular type of lead coming in

Unknown Speaker  24:05
to see if I could maximize it.

Speaker 3  24:08
So you know, certain lead coming in responding differently to them. You're muted.

Speaker 1  24:20
I want to stay on that with the numbers really quick because, you know, one of the numbers to me, that's a little startling is the closing of 40 to 60% of qualified leads. I come from a little bit of sales background. And to me that seems really high. Kudos to you. That That seems disproportionate in what is like not even this industry, but just standard sales in general. Once you close into full, full, funnel, qualified lead sales pipeline, I've usually see a different ratio.

Unknown Speaker  24:55
So can you help us

Speaker 1  24:56
with that? Because we want to shoot we want to shoot for appropriate metric right Like, you may have a certain experience because of your background, you know, your training, everybody's a little bit different. But if we're shooting for a metric, I feel like we should be shooting for an attainable metric based on industry averages as opposed to like, the best of the best. It's like, why would I play? Like I'm a, you know, up to 500 average baseball player, if they're, they mostly don't hit 500, right? They're hitting 250? Or they're hitting maybe 315? If they're, you know, third or fourth player. So

Speaker 3  25:30
yeah, no, that's exactly that. No, that's a good question. So that threw me for a loop when I ran those numbers. So this is this is off of my CRM. And where these numbers are coming from, is inside of me, my CRM because of the type of leads that we collected, where the PDF price guide is, was the bulk of our leads coming in. They were the slow lead, and they were one percenters what I call one percenters probably a little bit higher, because they have a way to convert at some point because of our campaign, okay. But what was what was what I found is in our CRM is actually sorted out and split the difference. So when I went to run a conversion rate for myself, on a monthly basis, it was only based on the numbers of active leads that I was pursuing. So like I, when I say pursuing, I mean, sending out a quote, they answered the phone, they talked to me, they were not on the email campaign. So that's where the 40 to 64% comes from. That's where that lead flow and that pipeline that I had stayed steady at around 300 people that I was constantly talking to. So I had about 300 people in there. And that's where that 40 to 64% come from, which means that

Speaker 2  26:48
maybe they may have come in as a PDF, download. But they answered the phone,

Speaker 3  26:55
or I sent them an email or whatever it may be, I had some type of conversation. So I'm now tracking that if I can't get if I can't reach them, period, and I can't, they haven't answered the phone, haven't answered the email. I can't control that, at that point as a salesperson. So that's where those metrics are coming from. And most of the times when I talk to people about 10, to 20%, for industry standard, is because they actually don't split them out, and they do not qualify their leads in that particular way. That's something that we as a company did something different.

Speaker 1  27:28
That makes sense to me. And I just wanted to stop you because I have no thoughts on these numbers. You said cumulatively annually, you might have 3500 to 3200, in the big pool, and then that scaled down to your qualified leads, which was that around 300, you said, right around 300 guests, okay. And then that is where the 40 to 60 were drawn up. That's

Speaker 3  27:49
exactly. So what I when I talked to a couple different shed companies in the past, and I actually worked for a different one. He's like, Eric, when I was new to it, he's like your closing rate, like way lower than that? And I'm like, Yeah, because we're not qualifying any leads and what I'm doing on the sales perspective, I am spending so much time on a 1% lead right now that I'm not focusing time. And at that point, that company wasn't willing to actually do the testing, to say, Well, can we can we try something else to see if we get a more qualified lead? And when I say qualified, you're picking up the phone, or you're answering an email or text. Right, right. So they were taking the lump sum, and that's where this 10 to 20% is coming from. That's why they say industry standard is 10 to 12%, top performers, 20%. If you're taking the full thing, if you could qualify your leads down to, hey, I talked to them, I had an email, come back, I had a text come back and you're actually communicating with them, you're gonna see those percentage rates go through the roof. Yep. And then also back to that part of the reason that I chose to split it out that way is for myself. Sure, if you're looking at this as a company, your closing rate still was 10 to 20% of all mass leads. But qualified means that my salesperson is focusing on the specific leads that get my company money, the quickest.

Unknown Speaker  29:21
And because of that, it's

Speaker 3  29:22
also allowing we're tracking that we're saying, well, Victoria and Marissa, they're at 35 There 60% There, you know, this month, they may have close to 80% You know, for some reason, and that tells me Hey, you know what, they figured out a system or we have a system in place that qualified these leads and our leads are actually really good right now. So let's just keep doing what we're doing.

Speaker 2  29:49
So, and then also as a sales perspective, it just for me. You know,

Speaker 3  29:57
this is personal. So for me if somebody tells me on 10% versus 40%, my mind is already going down the little spiral of like, I don't know why I'm doing sales. So for me personally, the 40% was kind of a big number, because I'm like, Oh, no. And now I'm speaking out of a place of authority, I'm speaking out of a place of, you know, being able to actually help my customer. And that's, that's the psychological side. For me. The actual stats, you know, like I said, if you're taking the full client, the full lead pool still remains at around 10 to 20. But knowing that your salespeople are not wasting time, on a on a lead, when they could actually close something that's maybe even higher qualified. means that as a company, we're winning in the long run.

Unknown Speaker  30:47
I don't know if that answers your question.

Speaker 1  30:50
It does. Because my, my concern has been setting appropriate benchmarks for ourselves personally, and being able to make sure that we're because it's a new, it's a new venture, that we're really like, it's not just vetting how many times you call someone or how many good questions you ask. It's kind of the whole process. It's the marketing, it's the what's delivered to them in the lead form. So there's so many different testing components I've just been trying to understand.

Speaker 1  31:17
Based upon what you've done that worked for you, these were the results of the metrics you got, well, maybe we do it slightly different. What will the metrics show?

Speaker 3  31:25
Yeah, and that's, I can't predict that for you. Yeah. I will say this. So when I went to the other company, and they did the massive pool, and they didn't clarify any leads, they told me to go ahead and shoot for 12 to 15%. That's what you did what you should be looking at for your closing rate.

Speaker 1  31:45
Yep, that's it. That's the number I've had from past experience was 15. To 20. My closing rate? Yep.

Unknown Speaker  31:51
Yeah. So

Speaker 3  31:53
and that 20% in the shed industry as a whole, from what that company was telling me is, is probably one of your top

Speaker 2  32:01
performers is 20%. Sure. So

Speaker 3  32:05
if you're taking the full pool, that's probably going to be more accurate. But if you can qualify the leads, and obviously, you're going to see it start going up? And if you keep track of that,

Unknown Speaker  32:15
separately, gotcha. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  32:23
Interesting.

Matthias Miller  32:26
So one question on process current process Murrison? And Tori, are you guys? Are you guys creating quotes in the system to generate that first ballpark price that goes out to people before you actually have a conversation with them? Or are you only creating quotes for people after you have that conversation?

Speaker 5  32:44
So I am so me and Marissa, we put our heads together to form a template. So once that lead comes in, what I'm doing is immediately sending them over, you know, within a type form, so like 10, by 12, you know, whatever the dimensions are for the sheer type of shit. So shoot that email over to them. And then later on that day, or the next day, give them a call, and ask them if they received it, if everything was accurate as to what they were looking for. And then kind of just go from there. And then from there, build out the official quote and

Unknown Speaker  33:17
a configurator. Where it shows up.

Matthias Miller  33:21
Yep. And so that will happen until, until you've actually had a conversation with them, then you actually, when did you guys, what was the timeframe when you guys started implementing that

Speaker 1  33:31
process? Think of a second week of November. May have been first week of November, but October's numbers are skewed because we were generating quotes. We were even, like, we're generating too many quotes that weren't actual conversations. Right? I think Tori when I had that chat,

Unknown Speaker  33:49
I think it was first week in November

Speaker 1  33:52
because we were doing it very differently. We're CT Tori was sending the the way we're doing it now was the way Tori was originally approaching it where she was sending a quick and easy access point, quick number to look at. Whereas I was sending a like custom model built out with all the bells and whistles and it was like scaring people off was the feedback we were starting to sense so we pivoted to the faster kind of like cliffnotes version pricing and it seemed to help people ask them questions and answer the

Unknown Speaker  34:27
question on that for you

Speaker 3  34:33
your lead forms as they come in how do you get that information does it give you I Matthias kind of walk me through what that looks like the lead forms where they enter kind of a size and a style. Is that correct? And then that transfers over to you guys? Yes. Okay, so

Speaker 5  34:48
our email in in the CRM we can see it under opportunities, okay.

Speaker 1  34:53
Cannot tell from where they select it though on the website. So if they're on the main website when Any page, they're just on the homepage and they hit Get a Quote, we can't tell the difference between if they are on that. Versus if they've drilled down into a specific shed. And then they've got, oh, I love the shed, then they get a quote. So we don't know precisely what they were looking at. We know how they got to the website, but we don't know. What prompted them to

Unknown Speaker  35:21
hit that button. Okay. Yep.

Speaker 3  35:25
Yeah, that might that Matthias is part that might actually be handy to know if there's any way that you can notate it if it's just a code or something inside of that. So do you know what stage so you could say, well, we need to really work hard on our website, getting people actually to that stage, because anytime that they go to the actual building design, and then click that, then all of a sudden, I'm getting more engagement. So that's good to know as well.

Unknown Speaker  35:53
The other thing to keep in mind on this,

Speaker 3  35:56
and just a suggestion that it's up to you guys, how you wanted to handle this there are things that you can do is like if you take pictures, you can actually save them, and then apply different colors to the siding, and trim, and roofing and just keep them saved. So if you saw that lead come across, you may be able to send them a quick email

Unknown Speaker  36:28
of what they have chosen with the

Speaker 3  36:29
colors that they have chosen just a picture screenshot without sending a quote and give them a snapshot of the price.

Unknown Speaker  36:35
Before putting a quote together. Just a thought that came to me while you were talking about it. So I

Speaker 1  36:46
think we're close to that based upon what Gary and I send because we'll send them a a sketch from the configurator of a building that looks similar, but to your point about knowing where they came from, for example, if they're on one of the buildings that are oriented with doors on the sidewall, versus doors on the end wall, which trying to be as close as we can to that personalization, when it gets when sketch gets to them, as the price is the same typically, you know, the drawing whatever, well, doesn't matter. But we want them to know that, like we saw what they were interested in. So I think that will help us knowing, yep, which building they were studying when they selected

Speaker 3  37:25
quotas, that is really helpful for you as a sales team. And also as an add to be able to track at any point. And when I say as a sales team is just because it, it allows your customer to feel a little heard and seen. Because it's like, oh, you know that I wanted the building with the door on the side. So it just kind of gives you allows you to speak from a little bit more authority of like, Hey, I see that you're interested in this building, and you wanted the doors on the side? Is that really what you want? Or do you want them on the end? Or do you want an extra set of doors?

Unknown Speaker  37:57
And it allows you to just kind of speak from that side of it? Yeah. Um, one of the things

Speaker 1  38:06
I wanted to ask you was what type of you mentioned forms that gave them pricing or like a pricing, download and enter that for some folks could be a little overwhelming. But there are some common areas, we get a bazillion questions on pricing on our doors, just all the different variations of doors and what do I want to pick? And how much is it? Um, I mean that that one stands out to me who's like most time consuming of because they're sifting through the style. And the price. Yeah. Did you have something for people to just hand on? Was there a webpage you directed them to? Like when it comes down to those just refining the final choices?

Speaker 3  38:46
Yeah, no, that's good. That's good question. So the price guide that we sent out had our sizes and styles, and then the options listed separately. So there was doors and windows in there, we did not have all of our doors and windows in there. I had to I had some inside of our system elsewhere, and some of it I stored mentally in my head. Some of we had to custom order. So those were those are things that you know, options are always you keep adding them to the list a lot of times. But yeah, I we had, we had a form that we could send people and I could technically just send them the options page, if that's all they were interested in. So that was handy. We could also like a lot of times I had this conversation. So there was like, hey, I want an extra door on the other side. What's this going to cost? Well, I knew in my head what's $126 For a single door, you want a double door? It's 205 bucks.

Unknown Speaker  39:46
So I just tell him that

Speaker 3  39:48
off the top of my head, but that all came from a list that I had and I could send it if necessary. But what I found in the sales side, and this might be crazy, you may say that doesn't hold true. Or you may completely resonate with it. But what I found on my side is the more options I gave the customer, the harder it was for them to make a decision. So I dumbed it, I dumbed it way down. So that's why when I asked the specific questions I would, when I up sold, I would sell, I would try to upsell them on a specific product related to the answers to the questions that I asked before. It's kind of a long way around it. But I figured out that I said, Well, we have all these different options, why don't you just take a look at it, they completely would just lose it and get confused and extended the cycle. And so I was like, well, here's what I have. And here's what I'm going to give you. And if you don't like it, I have other options, we'll discuss that. But here's what I'm going to put in here. It's the most standard, most popular, whatever, however you want to word that. But I did find that to be the most helpful. And towards the end, it was for good and bad. I found myself selling a particular style and type of building as the most popular one across the board and the same size. So it was just really easy to get into that rut. So sometimes it is easy to actually sell customers on something

Unknown Speaker  41:18
that, you know, ultimately they

Speaker 3  41:20
may have been, they may have wanted a bigger building or something a little bit different. I found that when I dumbed it down and took some of the options out it was actually easier for them to make a decision.

Matthias Miller  41:40
mean this is this is a natural tie in into the qualifying questions.

Unknown Speaker  41:44
I'm curious

Matthias Miller  41:47
to hear from you. I know, Eric, your conversation that that we that we had with Dwayne

Unknown Speaker  41:52
earlier last year.

Matthias Miller  41:56
Or cemetery had a chance to listen to that, and just know that they were able to put to use I would I don't know what questions you guys have about that. I think that's a that'd be a fairly valuable thing to dive deeper into and or questions you

Unknown Speaker  42:12
have about about those qualifying questions. Are you referring to the

Speaker 1  42:18
list of like the seven prompts of being you know, caring, authoritative, etc? Yeah,

Speaker 2  42:23
that one? Yeah. Yeah. One thing that's one thing that is not on that list, is to ask for the sale at the end of the first call. Yeah, I did not put that on that list.

Speaker 3  42:40
It's not a qualifying question. But I mean, it can be used that way.

Speaker 4  42:48
So I've heard right, at the end of the very first call, is that right? Yes. You want to buy to be sort of? What would it be sort of termed as like a soft question or more of a hard question? It

Speaker 3  43:08
depends on how the rest of your phone conversation went. So if they tell you immediately that they're that they're like, with a sense of urgency, then it's more of a hard question. If it's a quote, that's more of a soft question. You know, if they're on a time delay, and it's not time of as of a little less importance, and it's going to be more of a soft question. And I would try to give them as much information as possible, to let them make a decision on whether it's of their best interest to make the decision today, like, hey, you know, what our lead times are this. And I know in the shed industry anytime through, well, March through June is pretty insane. So that's where your lead time start happening the most. And so I would use that, and I would just say, hey, you know, we're two weeks out today, this might be February or January, we're or we have a two to three week lead time right now. I would suggest getting in before the spring rush. Do you want to go ahead and purchase this today? If the numbers look good to you, our you know, I'll send you this quote, and then I'd follow up and say, hey, you know, I sent you the quote, everything looks good on it. Okay. Do you want to buy this? I mean, do you want to purchase? Do you want to get it in the system? Do you wanna beat the rush? Do you want to, you can use what terminology you want to use. But about the only time that I would be hard question was, hey, I need a shed and I need it next week. Alright, here's what I got in stock. Here's what we can do.

Unknown Speaker  44:36
Let's, let's go ahead and do this today. Or,

Speaker 3  44:40
you know, I need to get this order in to get you on the delivery schedule. And I would often refer back to what the customer asked the timeline they gave me I would set a timeline that they had to complete a task so that we could fulfill their timeline.

Unknown Speaker  44:54
Right, right. I definitely.

Speaker 1  44:58
I love these questions they have been a great help in establishing the cadence and flow to calls. The only one I don't utilize is how important are looks versus utility that seems to be covered fairly well in is price important to you? Because if they liked the look, so then it's gonna cost you more. And that'll be the kind of go together. Yes. But it has been excellent in establishing the particularly as being a friend and saying, like, what is your timeframe? Yeah. It's been really helpful.

Speaker 2  45:30
I, I didn't use the, the

Speaker 3  45:34
whole thing of how quickly are you looking to have the shed until the last nine months? That came from my CFO? He's like, Eric, you got to ask this question. Come on. Like, why are you slacking? I never. I never asked it until that timeframe. And then if, based on that question, it allowed me to feel a lot more comfortable with asking for the sale at the end of that first call.

Speaker 2  45:59
Yeah. Those, those questions are what I used. So if you

Speaker 3  46:09
have others that you want to add to them, that you find it really helpful for you to qualify the call using, these are not a guide by any stretch of the imagination to say, well, these are the seven questions that are going to get me to a higher closing rate. And that's not what I'm saying. They just allowed me to streamline my target to make my time more efficient, and get the answers necessary and spend less time per customer which in turn led me to more sales. So I

Speaker 5  46:36
think one thing that I don't ask now, often on calls is if they're wanting to purchase outright, or finance, I don't usually discuss money until like, the second or third conversation. So there's nothing to implement more.

Speaker 3  46:48
Yeah, part of the reason that I did that I could delve into more details about the rent to own. So I found that, you know, with giving customers information, so they can make an informed decision was really important. So if I asked the question if they're purchasing it outright, for it, or that they're looking to do rent to own that led me to structure some of my, my follow ups as well. And just saying, hey, you know, we have a $200 month, we've got $400 A month, we got 500. And oh, by the way,

Unknown Speaker  47:28
if you add this option,

Speaker 3  47:32
it actually just bumped you your monthly payment up to $220 a month. So you speak in those terms, instead of just saying, well, it's 56,050 $600 or $5,700, you're talking in there speak. So that's the only reason that's in there. And you know, honestly, I didn't use all of these in every single phone conversation. Sometimes. Sometimes the customer gave me an answer that I didn't even need to ask the question.

Speaker 2  47:58
And so I didn't do that. But

Speaker 3  48:02
sometimes I used all seven, sometimes I used only four. And I got the information necessary. But there's just a guide to be able to, you know, kind of give you feedback and let you see.

Unknown Speaker  48:14
Maybe the bend that your questions need to go towards. So Right.

Speaker 1  48:19
One wanted to ask this question, as we're discussing qualifying leads, but there are shed buyers, and then there are tiny house buyers. And there's a whole other lane of questions for those that are using these sheds for either entertainment space, or it's an office, it's more finished. What was your experience in at? Well, I'm curious if the metrics are the same? Did those tiny houses or tiny offices do those close just as fast as storage buildings? And if so, how in the world? Did you do that? And also, like just the trend of that changing in general, because HDTV and YouTube and all these people are watching.

Speaker 3  49:04
That's funny. So the last year what I don't have on this is that the amount

Speaker 2  49:10
of projects that I was doing, were highly custom. So home offices,

Speaker 3  49:17
like some type of finish, or they may have been a bigger project as well. Like a bigger building that they were planning to finish out. So I was doing a lot of those. My associate and team member was doing some of the more simple buildings. That's basically she didn't have enough knowledge on the building industry to be able to handle some of the sales that were coming through because we were getting more and more customized.

Unknown Speaker  49:50
So

Speaker 3  49:51
closing rates, you're selling a higher ticket item, but you also need to realize that your clients that you're talking to are willing to pay more and some time When you're selling sheds, that's difficult to wrap your mind around as a salesperson. Because you're used to selling sheds, and now we're talking like $7,000 for your average cost. And all of a sudden, somebody calls and says they want a home office, and you're talking anywhere between 14 to 20 $22,000, depending on the options that used to. So there's a lot involved in it. And if you can streamline the options that you're offering, and really give them critical, I don't know if critical is the correct term to use critical feedback or helpful information about what's most popular and what people offer or, Hey, you know, what I was browsing through Pinterest last night, and I saw this really cool idea. And we actually offer it. And I can see where it be really helpful for you. Like you're using this as a home office, like we offer some sound deadening. I only say that because I'm sitting in the room. Okay. So maybe you offer that Well, great. That's, that's a sell for you. But it's just relaying that information over it does change your technique a little bit, because it is a high ticket item. And it's really, there's a lot of moving parts to it. I didn't really find it. After I did the first four or five, it wasn't as difficult to sell them anymore. But my issue was relaying all the things that I sold to the customer over to the shop to build it correctly.

Speaker 2  51:24
That was the hard part. For me, mostly because of our systems. Does that answer your question? Marissa? Yeah, definitely, I think, um,

Speaker 1  51:36
they just seem like a longer lead. You know, they're, they're never in a rush, if they're that complex of an item. So it's, my juggle has been okay, well, they're in the pipeline now. And they don't want me to call them for like another month, because they're not ready. They have all these other things are trying to put together because they're literally moving out of their house into something else. And so it just is a whole other flavor of client conversation than someone that's throwing a shed in the backyard for one more.

Speaker 3  52:03
Yeah, get used to a longer sales cycle on those for sure. Okay. Yeah, yeah, it takes longer, there's a lot of moving parts. And these guys, I don't know what you offer, we didn't particularly offer interior finishes for most of ours. But when you get into interior finishes, if you do offer them, Oh, my goodness, you want to talk about difficult because everybody's got a different style. And they have no idea about the costs. And a lot of times your custom pricing something it takes longer for you to actually create a quote, too. But yeah, it is one of those things that just the sales cycle is longer. But when you actually talk about them, and walk them through the steps and give them information, the closing is not any harder. It just, it takes longer, just because of all the moving parts that have to go into it. And then also, you may spend a little bit more time explaining them to the customer or educating them on a good product for them to use for their specific use.

Speaker 3  53:06
I do have a question for for both of you. Marissa, we'll start with you. Do you sell mostly into urban areas or rural areas that you know of? Like when you're talking to people do you know?

Speaker 1  53:22
Well, being that I live in Cleveland, Ohio, and Senator told me I have no idea. Okay.

Speaker 3  53:30
So small towns basically are boroughs probably.

Speaker 1  53:34
I don't even know. I mean, we I would have to go back and look at I've been only working with two truepoint. Since October, and from what has been sold, I would have to go look at the cities and see where they live. And that's okay. I think the majority of them are more rural. But I wouldn't say rural in the sense of you know, we're trying to establish a baseline for the client being high income versus low income, even if they're rural. It's been a mixed bag, but probably rural locations. Some of them are more high income earners and some are more low income earners, both rural.

Speaker 3  54:14
I met more of not not income earners, I met more of just specific areas.

Speaker 1  54:19
And then I would lean towards rural just based upon what I've seen in searching your addresses or hearing feedback from the site check.

Unknown Speaker  54:27
There's my you have been 10%

Speaker 1  54:31
so far that have been in a suburban neighborhood, very tight location. How about you, Victoria?

Speaker 5  54:38
I honestly do not know is that information that's important to know.

Speaker 3  54:42
No, it's fine. I I'm just interested in hearing only because you're you'll discover that your clientele actually changes in those specific areas somewhat what they're looking for somewhat what you as a salesperson can push towards them for sales. Um, but also, the other thing to keep in mind is the urban areas, a lot of people are working with really tight spaces. And so it is one of those things like when I say rural Ohio is a little different, because you know, you can have a mini farm on five acres. Well, it's not really rural in comparison to what Colorado has. Okay. But it varies on different parts of the country, Oklahoma is probably a little different as well. But yeah, that's the only reason I was interested in hearing that just to see, I sold a lot into more of an urban area. But then we also have little outliers right outside of it that have 3040 acres. And so you know, it was kind of a mixed bag. So it's pretty common to have that I just wondered if one if it leans one way or the other towards

Unknown Speaker  55:47
for you guys.

Unknown Speaker  55:50
I'm definitely going to start paying more attention

Speaker 1  55:52
to and I believe that will affect marketing as well. Because if we're targeting different zip codes, that's what an interesting question.

Speaker 2  56:01
So the thing about that is we had so a lot of my stuff I sold into Colorado Springs, here in Colorado,

Speaker 3  56:10
and Denver, while Denver was a pain, because of all of their restrictions are probably one of the worst places to build in the entire US they just stringent codes. Okay, Colorado Springs was actually easy to deal with. But right outside of Colorado Springs, there was a county that didn't require permits and didn't require anything. So, you know, they'd be on a 30 acre lot. Well, what I would try to get out of the customers where they're from, which would kind of tell me what type of building they would be looking for. So I could, you know, hey, you're in a rural area, and you're calling me about a shed and you can't give me any details. Maybe the first email that I send you is going to have an animal shelter on it, or something that's farm related or hobby farm related. It was just helpful for me, and it's not super important for you, it just, you know, might be something to keep in the back of your head to to use Yep.

Matthias Miller  57:21
I gave Mike and Calvin, you guys have been pretty quiet after

Unknown Speaker  57:28
lunch. You guys have any any questions? So far?

Unknown Speaker  57:45
Probably off building sheds.

Matthias Miller  57:54
Do you guys have any questions around burnout? And I feel like this is maybe one of those things, it's easy to ignore until it actually becomes a problem.

Unknown Speaker  58:02
But yeah.

Speaker 1  58:08
I don't have questions. But I think it's definitely important to be a salesperson and owner and marketing, or, like you said, are all thinking very differently. And, you know, we kind of have a way of expressing it to the team when it comes. And I'm certainly not in place right now. Because we're just getting started. But it I have been in that place like you have Eric, where you are getting a phone call every three minutes. And you have two voicemails waiting for you when you get off the light and have lived that and worked that for years. So that type of speed and intensity I know will come it will come with growth. Yep. So having just the open acknowledgement that that is there. And Matthias And Michael, like as we're planning as a team for longevity in this field, it will have to be something that we put some observations into and just make sure that keeping a pulse especially on a remote team, it can be very difficult, but having the transparency to acknowledge like this does happen in please raise your hand when it does. It doesn't reflect on you poorly as a worker or as a salesperson, it is truly a part of the job. Just like when you build a shed all day you go home tired, physically tired, maybe mentally tired as well, but like, there is an exhaustion component to it from talking so much with people. So I just appreciate that. You put that in there.

Speaker 3  59:34
Yeah, absolutely. So here's the thing. Yeah, it doesn't reflect poorly on you as a person like it. It happens. It's a part of the job. And I don't think and I was not prepared for this when I got into sales, but I was not prepared for the amount of emotional toll that it takes on you. I don't know if emotional is the correct term to use.

Unknown Speaker  59:56
But

Speaker 3  1:00:00
Just the mental stimulation of talking to so many people and Okay, I just told you, I'm introverted. And I like one on one conversations. But at the end of the day, you know, 40 conversations that took me 20 minutes. Whether it's my teammates or somebody on the phone, or, you know, I'm spending time putting a quote together and kind of think this through, like, there's a lot that goes into it. And I'm not physically out there, just, you know, swinging a hammer and building it. And there was days that all I wanted to do was just go do that, because I didn't have to think. And I didn't have to deal with people for crying out loud, like, get me out of here. Because it seems to go in waves with people, if you have any experience in customer service, or, you know, sales in general. It just seems like there's a specific day that hits that everybody that calls in is decided to just be a complete jerk so and then you had the other days that everybody's super nice. And that probably is probably a reflection on how you feel as a person or salesperson too. But

Speaker 1  1:01:07
I definitely will say I do things in sprints very well, I do not do well with a marathon style of calling people all day and something beneficial Torian and we're noticing was people were answering or any afternoon. So it plays in very well to my pace in working because morning is great for emails and thoughtful work and organization. And then you have then a bulk of hours, maybe two to three Max, where you are dialing non stop, like leaving voicemails dialing, hey, you catch someone on the phone, it's like great conversation time. So I tend to do that in Sprint's throughout the day as opposed to just like one call, and then all this follow up with the one call, it's like no, just knock it out, get a game face on it, just do it in batches. Plus, I think it's more efficient to do it in batches as well. But whether it's early morning or afternoon, like whenever people are making up their phones.

Speaker 3  1:02:02
Yes, absolutely. And that might change for you guys too. And, like here's the other thing, you know how you work best. But obviously doing what you're doing is probably the secret to longevity and sales. And it also allows you to speak from your authenticity as who you are as a person. So it's really good to do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:23
And, and I found,

Speaker 3  1:02:25
I don't have any proof of this. So here Hear me out, this is just my experience. I have found that you seem to attract people that are most similar to you in sales, right. And so what ends up happening, most of the time as as your pipeline grows, you'll end up having a workflow that fits really well with you. And that can be a positive and it can be really interesting. But in three and a half years solid at the same place, I found myself doing kind of what you're doing bulk batching certain things and certain tasks, which is good for time efficiency. Matthias can speak on that he's taken multiple classes on it probably in coaching, I have not.

Speaker 2  1:03:14
But you know, I found it really interesting.

Speaker 3  1:03:18
I'm not a morning person. And I hate having phone conversations in the morning. So everything for me started happening after about 1030 and 1030 to 230 was my max timeframe for calls, I'd work straight through lunch. And that was that was my time, but I would send out quotes late evening, I would close deals. late evening, my CFO had this joke running, he's like Eric, you don't sell anything all day long. And on my drive home at five o'clock, it's paying ding ding like they're all coming through. But it made sense for me. And that's how it worked good. And I would you know I'd be happy to do a sale in the middle of the day. But what I found is it interrupted my flow and a lot of times I started making mistakes on those orders. So I spent way more time and I'm like nope, I can't do this I'll collect the payment I'll do what I have to do and I'll process the order at five o'clock at night. So as long as it's taken care of on the customer side I'm good.

Speaker 5  1:04:14
I have noticed sales taking a long time like two hours. When you make a sale during the day, it's like it takes so much energy to just finalize things and all that so

Speaker 3  1:04:26
if you have a way to keep track of it and you've taken the money and gotten the processes from the from the customer side done, and you just need to process it for me I found it really easy to just breeze through five or six of them at the end of the day. Then it only took me five minutes but during the middle of the day man was two hours I got interrupted and then I forgot something and I did something wrong and it just drives me crazy.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:48
Yeah

Speaker 4  1:05:00
Erricka did have a question already backing up about two steps on the efficient tilling and your results. My comments you had made when you went through that first time.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:16
Where

Speaker 4  1:05:19
talks about sales he did in the first year? Yes. So 1.1 million. And then he made a comment and said, Oh, some of those sales were sheds, and a few grand, just just a few, but actually maybe a decent amount of Porsches and had a couple questions surrounding doing that. That was an interesting comment. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:48
So I got a

Speaker 4  1:05:50
handful of questions on that sort of a little pivot there that maybe didn't expect to hear so. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:59
Let's see. That that

Speaker 3  1:06:02
first year, what was Yeah, so that first year was the first year at the walk in place? With the

Unknown Speaker  1:06:09
pole buildings. Okay,

Speaker 4  1:06:12
yeah. So how did you handle some of that, like? So it seems to be like with push as maybe not quite as cookie cutter as what a shed is, with, you know, all the different possibilities and everything? Did you have like some good system still pushes as well?

Speaker 3  1:06:36
Okay, we were capable as a company of building them at that particular company. And we had actually done quite a few of them. When I originally came on, I was only going to sell sheds. Well, that was hard because you're taking phone calls. And they're like, Well, I actually don't want to shed I want to 20 by 30. Okay, well, and we were building them. As far as a good process. No, I had to do I had to create a full list of materials, costs, add labor, I had to figure all that and create an estimate

Speaker 2  1:07:06
and send it to them. So good system, no. And I may be sold one every two months, I

Speaker 3  1:07:15
don't know. I don't I don't have any way to keep track of what I did in the first year there. And then oh, an occasional garage, you know, that we would build on top of either an existing foundation that the customer already had, or we might do the foundation as well, we subbed out the work for the concrete. So you know, that was that was the first year there, good process, we did not have any. And I when we put a drawing together, I actually had to take a piece of graph paper, you know, put all like draw everything in for the building, the doors, the windows, the overhangs, like all of that stuff. And then just create a quote sheet with all the options that they wanted and create a price.

Speaker 2  1:07:58
Wow, how successful was that? Like,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:05
utilizing online platform for?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:07
Motion?

Speaker 3  1:08:09
Yeah, so well. Okay. So the first year, the company that I was with, when I sold the poll buildings did not have an online presence. So that's that's that was in person sales. The first year at the online place, I didn't sell any pool buildings whatsoever, we didn't offer them. It wasn't until the last six months of the online sales company that I sold pool buildings.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:33
And it's really

Speaker 3  1:08:35
nice as a salesperson to be able to have that in your back pocket. That is if your company is able to handle it, or sub it out and actually manage the job properly. Because you're basically taking the bulk of the responsibility as an owner. That's how we were set up. So my my name was attached to it if something went wrong, and my company's name, or our company's name was attached to it, when am I wrong, even if

Unknown Speaker  1:08:59
we did sell it out. But

Speaker 3  1:09:03
we did not have full buildings designed on the online side. And we didn't even mark it that we just we would sell them if we got a call on it. So we didn't market them. It wasn't what we were offering. We did offer garages like built on site garages that we offered. And we marketed that, but not not the polemics

Unknown Speaker  1:09:25
when one came through.

Speaker 3  1:09:28
There was a guy that was selling building packages, and I would actually just get him to do it is a design for me on him because he had a like a 3d designer for pool buildings. And I would get him to put the design together. And then I would just use my regular quote sheets that I had, and build out a quote and send them the 3d drawings from the other guy, because we work hand in hand and he provided the building package, and then I would just send them a quote

Unknown Speaker  1:09:55
separately

Speaker 4  1:09:59
for the reason I'm sort of struck my interest is, you know, we do have some of the same capabilities and actually do some of this stuff, as well. And so it was sort of a interesting little comment there. I apologize for all the questions coupled with you, you can ask as many questions as you want. So here's, here's a couple more here that. Yeah, go ahead.

Speaker 3  1:10:24
Yeah, what I was just gonna say, as it is different to sell those bigger projects, than a shed or even a finished out shed, like Marissa was talking about, like, a home offices and things. So it's, it's a different process to sell those. But you will find it if you've been in business for a while, and you mark it any type of garages, you're gonna start getting questions about garages, and then you're gonna get started, you're gonna get started getting questions about pole buildings, and, hey, do you build an equipment shop? And do you build this? And how about a horse barn? And that's, like, those are constantly things. And so as a company, if you're willing to pivot towards that, and you have the capability, you know, great. If you don't that, then it needs to be relayed over to your salespeople. Pretty quickly. That's not something we're offering right now. So,

Speaker 4  1:11:16
in your perspective, how successful do you think this would be? If we were to create a lead form every lead form that is tailored towards post sheds? And so the things we do and

Unknown Speaker  1:11:35
drive people

Speaker 4  1:11:38
to that landing page? And have those leads come in? How successful do you as you see that the one and two How are open with that type of customer be for that huge ticket item, with all the customization to purchase from us, like without physically, you know, seeing a product or, you know, arriving at a brick and mortar type store to make the final purchase decisions of successful would

Speaker 2  1:12:11
you see that it's almost more successful than the sheds. And the reason that I say that is what pull building company or garage company has, it has an example on their lot, or multiple examples. That that

Speaker 3  1:12:32
ticket item, even though it's more expensive, people are used to seeing it, buying it sight unseen, they buy it based on the fact that their neighbor has wanted, it looks cool, and it's a good building.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:42
And they need it. It's not,

Speaker 3  1:12:45
I mean, a shed is needed to but you know, sheds, there's lots everywhere and people can go look at them. You can't put up lots for a 40 by 60 building all over the place. And so people were used to paying for that. And that really comes down to your credibility as a company, your reviews, and your referrals if you've if you've done some in the past. And see if you can get those people to be a referral and and you know, your potential clients can call them and say, Hey, how was your experience your building holding up 15 years after you had a built, that's what sells those. I, I see a massive potential. If you have the company infrastructure to handle it, I see a massive potential to increase a revenue stream. If you can put a shed industry and it pull barred industry side by side and your salespeople can sell both. That's a massive sales tool. Because the other thing is, if you're reaching a rural market, you're going to get big buildings. Generally, if there's farm buildings, it's animal buildings. It's whatever it is garages. It just expands your market even more than the sheds itself. That's just that's how I view it.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:01
Really interesting aspect of it. Wow. What?

Speaker 3  1:14:07
Yeah, well, let me add one more thing. The one thing to keep in mind, if you do choose to do that, depending on where you're selling, there's going to be different codes and permit requirements. And that's something to keep an eye keep an eye out for and look into, because it adds a massive wrinkle. Because sheds are really easy. A lot of them don't require permits, or anything like that for building codes. So it's easier to sell them in that case. But just know that if you go into the bigger projects depending on where you're selling you are going to run into a permitting issue engineering and drawings issue that you'll have to keep them on file and be able to streamline that process for your customer as well. So yeah, massive selling tool. But also keep in mind on the company side. There's there's some things that need to be figured out

Unknown Speaker  1:14:54
to it Yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:15:00
Do you have drawing capabilities and stuff in play for that?

Speaker 3  1:15:06
Let me ask you this thing. Yeah, let me ask you this. Do you sub sub that out? Or do you have your own voters noting

Unknown Speaker  1:15:11
that? Okay, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:15:18
So yeah, there's a lot of capabilities that you could do. And I would, I would see it as really being able to expand your market, if you chose to do that. We experimented, you know, the last year that I was with the online sales company, we experimented with it a little bit more. And, you know, I saw massive help and selling, because I got asked about it all the time. But at the same time, our infrastructure as a company wasn't really set up to handle the pool buildings. So a lot of times, I would sell them and they'd end up canceling, because our infrastructure didn't support it as a company. And that's really frustrating as a salesperson, but even more so frustrating on the on the customer side. So if you got the infrastructure, go do it. I mean, it's great.

Speaker 4  1:16:04
These jobs you were selling, like, a lot of jobs were the you were selling huge shot, like 50k 100k, or some

Speaker 3  1:16:14
50,000 $60,000 is probably average on a pool building. 75 was probably the max that I quoted out, I never sold that one.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:25
But I had

Speaker 3  1:16:27
a couple of like, the last year that I was there, I had a couple $100,000 cancellations in there that doesn't show and those numbers that I have listed on there. So just, I had around two to $300,000 of canceled orders, and most of them were larger jobs.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:43
So that was

Speaker 3  1:16:47
frustrating for me. Because the amount of work that goes into those, and then and then having it fall through and it wasn't only the company, sometimes it was the customers. And here in Colorado, we're dealing with some crazy rock issues. And sometimes all of a sudden that factors into an extra 20 $30,000 with the cost of something that they thought was only going to be $30,000. And that's a big price chunk to chew off. So we had cancellations because of that, too. So

Speaker 4  1:17:18
what were the close rates and everything you were mentioning relationships, did it pretty much hold out? Like same proportions, or did it differ there?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:29
I don't have enough data on that.

Speaker 3  1:17:32
So we didn't get enough leads in to be able to say that that's the case or not. Because it wasn't something we marketed for, we just kind of took them as they came in like a call.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:43
I would say that I'm just

Speaker 3  1:17:47
as high. It's hard to give you a percentage on this. But I would say it was still probably around 40% As far as when a lead came in. And if I was able to put a quote together in a timely manner for them.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:59
There was about a 40% chance of at closing. I would say I had

Speaker 3  1:18:09
just tried to recall the amount of leads I had come in that I that I actually created a quote for and took because I was pretty picky and choosey about them just because I knew where our company was at.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:22
I think what I left I had approximately nine

Speaker 3  1:18:28
pole barn leads what so it wasn't very many. I had about nine pole barn leads. And out of those I'd sold three of them. So a little bit less than 40%. But I also was not pursuing the others heavily just because of where we were at as a company as well. So I kind of slacked off on some of like my follow ups with them just because of where we were at.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:50
So that's hard to give

Speaker 3  1:18:53
you data on that. But yeah, I would I would. If you wanted to ask that question. I probably asked him up like a pole barn company, I would recommend asking them just see where they're at with that. Here in Colorado, the pole buildings would seem to be a very,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:10
actually pretty easy sell

Speaker 3  1:19:13
across the board with any experience that I've had, and I have some friends that so pull buildings

Unknown Speaker  1:19:19
and they seem to sell pretty easily actually.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:26
One last one ahead. If you did sell these

Unknown Speaker  1:19:30
bushes. Did you tell them like without

Speaker 4  1:19:35
having somebody actually go to physically go to the site, inspect the site and everything? Or was that just part of the process?

Speaker 3  1:19:42
Yeah, good question. So because of the state of Colorado's permitting requirements for a lot of buildings, even though we were online sales, we did on site builds for buildings as well, because we were selling in urban areas and The same thing applied for garages. Those have to be built on site like the big ones, two car garages. And then also pole building. So what ended up happening a lot of times is I would, I would take a lead, and they'd say, hey, I need a quote on a on a 40 by 20 garage, I'd be like, Okay, what's your address? What's this, you know, I get them, you know, get all their details, and I would pull up their address on on Google and just take a look at it, see what looks like ask them where they want the building placed. And then what I did is I would build them a quote, based off the information that I had, and just say, this cost is dependent on your site being within plus minus six inches of level. If it was more than that, and I told them, it requires a site visit. So if they were actually interested in this moving forward, my process was, okay, I need to know if this price is good for you. And if it is, and you want to confirm this, I'm going to send somebody out to do a site visit. And we'll confirm the price and the details, and we'll close it. So we always sent somebody out to do a site visit, when you're dealing with foundations and big buildings, or even something that requires a permit, we had to send somebody out. So sometimes that was our on site, guys, that they were in the area, they'd swing by and take a look at it. Sometimes it was one of the owners, that was on a a, like a material run or you know, just out doing some other stuff. Sometimes we had a warranty call for a building, and that guy was the guy that went out and did the site visit. And sometimes if it was local, I would go out

Unknown Speaker  1:21:42
and do it as well. Yeah, that makes a whole lot of sense. Yep, good.

Speaker 3  1:21:51
But ya know, when I did find this, though, I'm gonna say this on on the last end,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:56
the big projects are sold better in person than online. So I'm just

Speaker 3  1:22:06
from my perspective, as a consumer, if I'm going to drop 50 $60,000, on a building, I want to meet that person. And if I get an off feeling on him, that's just not going to work. So, you know, large ticket items like that are going to be easier to sell. If you have somebody, you know, boots on the ground, that's gonna go out and meet the customer build trust. And then you can have a guy in the office or a person in the office lady. Now, I don't care who it is, that does most of the backend work, but that person that goes out and meets them better build a lot of trust. And so that's why I always tried to have actually one of the owners of the company go out and do the site visits on my large ticket items, if it was not me. So it wasn't always possible. But you know, those guys were really good at it. And they built a lot of trust, they stood behind the product, that's the one thing that I had a lot of things going for them is I part of the reason I wanted them to go out is because they would not mention that they are the owners of the business on the site visit, they would play it off as a employee. And then I would close the sale, make the sale. And all of a sudden, the owner was back out there on the job. And if we had an issue, they're like, I want to talk to an owner. And they're like, Well, I am the owner, and all of a sudden, they were at ease the owners on the job site, you know, great, he came out visited me, it just built a lot of trust and helped out the online side of it. I could do that for myself if I was doing a site visit too. But a lot of times, you know, some of the guys going out and doing the warranty work were not as I shouldn't say not as qualified but didn't have the experience.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:51
So it makes a lot of sense to get somebody

Speaker 4  1:23:59
you know, getting rid of p 50. Or 100 kV, probably want to make sure it's Oh,

Speaker 3  1:24:05
absolutely. And I mean, they they not only want to make sure they're getting a good product, but they want to make sure that the people that they're talking to are legit, and that they're, you know, they're gonna hold to their word. So you know that that's what I found as being very successful on that. And if it was local, I always try to go out and do the site visit myself. That way, you know, the person you're talking to on the phone and seen in the office is the same one that's out there.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:33
Yeah, I actually wanted to jump in.

Speaker 3  1:24:35
Go ahead. I was just gonna say I had that load because one of the owners was living in Denver at the time. So that's kind of where that whole thing came up with the owners doing the site visits because he was driving back and forth to work almost every day, which was a two hour drive right along the corridor. So it made a lot more sense monetarily, to have him just swing by.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:57
That's the last thing I'll say on that. So,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:04
I'm going to jump in here for the first time,

Unknown Speaker  1:25:05
I'll de vie.

Speaker 6  1:25:08
I understand what you're saying about the importance of a site visit, and that would not be a problem.

Speaker 4  1:25:16
I mean, we could fairly easily have one of the owners go out in, you know,

Speaker 6  1:25:23
shake people's hands, take a look at the site, build a trust, all of that. How would you picture

Speaker 2  1:25:28
the if we

Speaker 6  1:25:34
did some marketing, trying to scare up a bunch of Colburn leads? What would be your ideal setup of where the the online sales people would interact with a customer? And then the site visit and then closing the sale? Could you explain exactly how you would see that working? I mean, obviously,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:01
yeah, that's a good question. Go ahead. If you had another part to that, I

Speaker 6  1:26:07
was just going to fill you in on all the further explain this, which you already understand. So nevermind.

Speaker 2  1:26:13
No, you're good. So, okay.

Speaker 3  1:26:18
In my ideal world, the salesperson has a budget, or it's part of their job. And if that there is a specific person that really focuses on pole buildings,

Speaker 2  1:26:29
in the ideal world, that's not always what's going to happen. Okay. I'll just explain what I did. In in our process and how it worked. I don't know if it's ideal.

Speaker 3  1:26:47
Ideally, I think it would have been nice for me as a salesperson to be able to have the time to go do a site visit, and to go visit the particular customer. But it wasn't worth my time, because my time was most valuable. Staying in the office and selling. You know, on average, I spent, what three hours on the road to go out sell a $60,000 project. And in that timeframe, I could sell $60,000 in

Unknown Speaker  1:27:10
the office. Okay.

Speaker 3  1:27:14
So you can set it up different ways you can have somebody specific for that. But I'll tell you, what we did is the initial lead came in the call the email, I would respond to them get their address and information. Somebody would stop by and do a site visit to confirm the site was okay. And then what I did, I said, okay, everything looks good on this. We did the site visit, if you didn't meet him, maybe they were gone.

Speaker 2  1:27:40
We did the site visit? Here's the final price. And when's it work for you to sign these papers and put the deposit down.

Speaker 3  1:27:51
And so what happened is they would do a deposit or an E signature. And we would swing right back out to the job and get all the details correct. So I had a basically a sheet that I gave out of like colors and everything, but I had to design the building with the options as they had chosen. So that meant the doors and windows needed to be in there. And what I would do is I would send out a graph or a floor plan of what we had discussed. And the final when we go back out to make sure that the colors are correct. And we before we order material. Make sure the colors are correct and everything. If you wanted to do a change order, then the guy doing that visit, if it wasn't me would come back to the office with the change order, I'd make the change because it's already been discussed. We'd be on the phone with each other at the same time. And just say, hey, you know, I'm on the job site, and Joe Smith wants to add a cupula to the top and it's going to be 650 bucks. All right, well, then I edited the quote, and I sent it over to the guy so they can see it

Unknown Speaker  1:28:52
live like real time.

Speaker 3  1:28:56
And then we would finalize the details, and then that got printed out at the back end. And I would send that particular detail sheet to the customer for signature. And then the deal was done, I would just it went into our schedule, we ordered the material.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:11
Yeah, I

Speaker 3  1:29:12
don't know that that was ideal. It worked for us because of where we're at as a company. And there's a way to streamline it. If you have if you have a tech, if you have tech that can handle that. You can streamline that process even more quickly. Where it would be live updates, but it you know, I didn't have the access to that type. So it was a lot of going back and forth in the office side of it for me but you know that constant communication to whoever's out on the job site. Doing the visit was really important. And we developed a like a checklist to go down through to make sure that everything was right on the quote, and if there was any changes to make the change in market, and if you know that's the other thing. If one of the owners was doing the site visit a lot of times he knew the pricing. The other guys didn't. So they could actually give them a number. If the customer said something, hey, you know, I want to add this. What do you what do you think the ballpark is going to be? Well, the owners are going to be like, well, it's gonna be five 600 bucks. Around there, we'll get with Eric to confirm that but about five 600 bucks. And when that came back, they told me that and I would just update it and go with it.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:27
Does that answer your question or is that too long winded and complicated?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:32
No, it doesn't. It's It's just common sense.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:42
One

Speaker 6  1:30:43
thing interesting about this, this pole barn The one big difference between the pole barn industry and the shed industry is the shed is the shed industry. There's there's a decent sized company companies all over the place. And at this point in the game, Coburn's are all

Unknown Speaker  1:31:04
very regional.

Speaker 6  1:31:06
Like there's Morton, of course. But it will be really interesting to see what happened with like a campaign, a marketing campaign for pole barns.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:18
Like I have a hunch that

Speaker 2  1:31:24
there's well just this morning, a quick little story really quick.

Speaker 6  1:31:31
I don't know if you're aware of how crazy the puppy market was, like, over COVID. But if anybody wanted to get rich quick, you just raise pups, Golden Retriever puppies, were selling for $2,500.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:51
And it was just

Unknown Speaker  1:31:53
ridiculous. Well, the game has changed.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:56
That day. I'm trying to sell

Speaker 6  1:32:00
my last Golden Retriever puppy out of a litter of 10 for $525. And I think I'm gonna get it sold at seven o'clock tonight that this morning, somebody showed up. Okay, we're now in a competitive market. Golden Retrievers are the most popular puppy in the United States of America. And they're like, way cheap. There's way too many out there. Everybody's trying to sell them. This morning, a customer showed up for this puppy and she said he drove a couple hours.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:30
And she said,

Speaker 6  1:32:32
Boy is really hard to find a puppy. I just couldn't find anybody that would respond to me.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:39
And I couldn't believe

Unknown Speaker  1:32:40
it is ridiculous.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:44
So ah, okay, go ahead. No, with that story, here's the thing.

Speaker 3  1:32:51
The bigger of company that that's just my opinion. Okay, so the bigger of company you are, let's say your Morton or tuff shed or whoever it is,

Speaker 2  1:33:01
the harder it is to keep your competitive,

Speaker 3  1:33:06
I think in some way, okay? You have a lot of money to bankroll stuff, okay. But at the same time as the harder it is to keep your competitive edge on what makes you best.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:15
And in the construction

Speaker 3  1:33:20
industry, I'm not talking sheds, I'm not talking whole buildings. I'm talking just construction in general. The biggest complaint you hear back is, man, my builder doesn't return my calls. This sucks. Their communication is terrible. The sales guy didn't get back to me. You know, and my sub just canceled on me for whatever reason, and now he doesn't show up to the job and what's going on with this. Okay, this is really common.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:50
The biggest secret to

Speaker 3  1:33:51
success in the construction industry is give the people a call back and answer their calls. communicate with them. And honestly, with pole barns the same exact thing is if you can return a call, give them a quote quickly. hold dear truth Hold, hold true to your word. And be good quality,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:10
you'll gain a crazy amount of business

Unknown Speaker  1:34:18
well,

Speaker 6  1:34:19
this is exciting stuff. So you never ran like intentionally tried to do advertising for pole barns. Like I think earlier you said it just kind of happened like when people ask.

Speaker 3  1:34:32
Yeah, so the the first company that ever did sales for we actually did advertise pull buildings where I sold the most of them. That was in person sales. And there I was going out and doing all the site visits myself. But the second company where I had the success with online sales, we didn't we didn't mess with pole barns. We just refer it to somebody else. For the first two and a half years. It wasn't until last year that we started thinking about it and then the last solid six months that we really started delving into I'm just taking phone calls for pool buildings and saying, yeah, we'll get you a quote. But we still didn't advertise for them. That was just generic trickling in by somebody filling out a lead form for a shed and saying, Man, this isn't big enough when you gave them a call, and they were like, I want to, I want a 60 by 100 building, and like, that's not a shed, my friend. That's, that's something else. And we reached I mean, you're you're losing clients at that point. And frankly, I had a couple of people call me that were like, we're so sold on your company, we want you to build it. And I'm like, we don't build this thing. Like, we don't offer this. And they just said, well, we want you to build it. And that's actually kind of what tipped us into the market. Because we had a guy like that was like I, I want you guys to build this building for us.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:54
Understand, well, this has been very, very, very helpful. Good.

Speaker 3  1:36:01
But I didn't really have anything else to say in regards to the pole buildings. I loved them. And as a salesperson, I loved having the option to sell to a different market of person. It just expanded it and also was a high ticket item. So you know, if you can streamline your process on it, there's just as much there's, with a pole building, especially the work that's involved on the sales side is very similar to a shed, and all of a sudden you're selling of a 3030 to $80,000 or $100,000 building through your processes that you know, you might have spent almost the same amount of time. That is if your processors are figured out. If they're not figured out then you're gonna spend way more time

Speaker 2  1:36:52
to understand Yep,


Transcribed by https://otter.ai