Speaker 1  00:02
That's just a heads up about what what the article is about. This is all stuff that I have learned over the past five years of doing shed sales specifically. Now I'm in the software industry. And that is a complete different ballgame SaaS, Software as a Service is yeah, I wouldn't even compare it to the same thing. So just a heads up on that. So my background is in construction. You know, I grew up doing masonry flatwork construction, I've been around all the construction industry know how construction people think a little bit. But I had no experience and shed sales. And I started that in 2015, with absolute zero system, no paperwork, no, no 2d or 3d Configurator, I had to handwrite in all the quotes, and then hand it off to the shop. So I did that for about a year and a half, in 2015. And had a bad job experience at that place. And it was time to move on. And so ended up quitting there. And I took a break, did that for like a year and a half and went back into the construction world, and then started selling sheds again in 2018. But we were at about 90%, online sales versus about 10% from the previous company. So a massive learning curve on that the biggest thing that I had to deal with is man, switching to online sales and not being able to see your people and not being able to read body language is super difficult. It's probably something that you guys are facing somewhat while you're talking to people on the phone and via email. So it was a big mental shift. For me, the benefits for it are great, because you can sell from anywhere with online sales. And you have, you can generally do a reduced inventory, because you don't have to have as many you're spending more time and marketing and having things available to be able to send to clients or you know, send them pictures or whatever it may be. But the mental shift that I had to make was man, I had to set some crazy goals. And I didn't even know what was realistic to begin with. So you guys might be facing that too. I don't know how you are with that, then I don't know what your experience is in online sales. But goals are super important, especially for online sales. Now, the thing I had to get used to is the acclamation to the numbers and conversion rates. So I when I did walk in sales, and I had no really good way to track this, but approximately anywhere between 70 to 80% was my closing rate, what I felt was my closing right person walked in, they're really interested, I can usually sell them on that particular building. While switching to online sales, all of a sudden, I was talking to five times more people, and my closing rate went down. And that was super frustrating. The other thing that I learned is the importance of buy in from the company and the salesperson. And what I mean by this is just support. So my company that I worked for gave me so many tools to use, and also the leeway to say, Hey, Eric, you know what you're doing sales people are people, and you're not going to win everybody, it's okay. And that was massive as far as building trust for me to get started in this. And then it just grew from that. We can get into this a little bit more at a later point. And then man, it was so fun to learn. Honestly, the stuff that we're gonna go about, we're gonna go over today. I would say that I learned this. In the last nine to 12 months of my of my three and a half years there is the majority of when I actually saw it, start working. And when I actually discovered certain parts of it, I just happened to fall into sales. I got into it because I was doing roofing at the time and I sprained my ankle and sports really bad. And then two weeks after I recovered from that I stepped on a screw in the ball of my foot that took a bunch of took a bunch of flesh out at the same time. And you know, when you're on the roof, it's not really you're using the ball your feet all the time. So anyway, that's how I got into sales. Nothing, nothing fun or exciting just happen to jump into it. I do get questions, what's an ideal salesperson? And you know, frankly, they show up every single different way. You know, there's personalities that are different. And I don't know at the bases, they've got to be humble. They've got to be hungry, and they got to have high emotional intelligence and people skills. These are all things humble can be taught to people in life, and that is the most painful way to ever have that happen. I would prefer that not be the case. That's why I'm a little sad. Are there, but you can't teach hunger and you can't teach people skills that comes naturally. You can grow your people skills. I should say you can't teach high emotional intelligence is what I should say. You can grow your people skills, other tidbits about me. So here's something about me. I've intuitive. I feel absolutely everything. So often when I'm talking to a customer, I go off of the feeling that I have in the background, sometimes it's wrong. Sometimes I completely whiffed on it, and I don't understand it at all. I'm not pushy, so I'm not your quintessential salesperson. I also learned that everything is about listening, especially in online sales, you got to listen. And then I also learned that you can bend and sway clients by tones and direct and questions and make them tell you what I want to hear. So basically, when you're on the phone with a customer, I asked the questions to get them to tell me what I want to hear. So that I can establish what they need for, for what they're really looking for, hey, here's what about you, you may find it helpful. If you feel like you're behind the curve in online sales. If you're newer to sales, if you don't think your salesperson, that's, that's a big one, I still don't class myself as a salesperson, you know, little about selling sheds online, your closing rates aren't what we think they should be, which, you know, we talked about that already. And I think that's what we're going to spend a lot of time on today. The other thing is if you'd rather not make all the mistakes yourself. So it's really important to learn and grow from other people. And I read books and watched videos of other people just to, you know, try to refine my technique. I was really frustrated when I started doing the online sales. And so this became really important to me, especially in my slow times to really, I would sit at work, sometimes it's something else that the company did for me is they said, Eric, you know what, it's not busy. You know, you're at an office right now. And we don't care if you're not doing anything, as long as you bring a book, that's a self improvement book, you can sit here and read all day long. As long as you're available to take a phone call do an email. And what that did for me was, it built so much trust in me, I'd never been in a place before that the company said, You know what, it's okay, if you sit here and do nothing. So that felt really odd. And it was hard for me to do. But it became a part of that trust building process for me and the company, where they gave me to go ahead and just sit there if necessary, as long as it's a health improvement, self improvement. Sorry, that was a long way off into the weeds. But here's the other thing, if you're also interested in Systemising, your sales processes in online sales, more than walk in sales, it is really important that you have a system a way to qualify leads. And time management. I'm gonna say it's one of the most important things in sales in specially online sales is to have time management process that leads into you want to be efficient. And the other thing is you find yourself being defensive in every single call. This is really easy to do when you have competition, or when you constantly hear man, you guys are expensive. I don't want to pay that. Or maybe you're getting the cause of your quality sucks, which I hope that's not the case for you. That's a hard one to come back from. Because sometimes it's true. And as a salesperson, you see that? And maybe the company doesn't want to do anything about it. I'm not saying that's the case for you. But occasionally that does happen. And sometimes you go through growth spurts in the company where sales outperforms manufacturing and they're scrambling and you might see a dip in quality. This stuff happens as a salesperson and you have to be prepared to know how to handle that. Okay, what you'll learn a why online sales, which we went over some already, are you ready for online sales, efficient selling salesperson burnout, measurement, marketing stories. And marketing stories is basically just, you know how I would suggest doing marketing and creating a story for that. And each salesperson can actually create a story every time they're on the phone or an email with their clients. A couple of things about online sales. These are my opinions and also backed by some information and some data from a couple different people that I know have switched to online sales. So there's a lower cost per sale. There's an unlimited marketplace, a massive client pool of people. So you're reaching your entire state instead of a specific area. Or it may be reaching into a couple of different states depending on where you're at.

Speaker 1  09:58
By your convenience So it's super easy for the customer to find you. However, there are some downsides to that. And we'll get into that a little bit later. But buyer convenience, making it as simple as possible is super important. And the other thing with that, that goes right hand in hand is know that because it's so convenient. If we as salespeople and online sales are no longer convenient, after it looks convenient on the website, they bounce, they went somewhere else already. They want now. Okay, the other thing is less aging inventory and overhead, there's a different business model for this, this is just my opinion, I would rather have four to five buildings on a lot that show the details, and have good marketing pictures and spend a lot of money on that, versus having a lot of inventory in stock. In online sales, now, it is nice to have online inventory, to be able to deliver it quickly. So that's a really big selling point. But you don't have to have as many buildings out there that may have sat there for a year. And now, you know, somebody says, hey, well, the paints faded. And what happened about this and and they in other words are asking for a discount. So you have a new building on the lot almost all the time. That's what I like about that. Really high reward, there's less time per sale. What I mean by less time per sale, is you have somebody walk into your office, you're going to spend on average an hour with them 45 minutes to an hour online sales, if you can figure out the process and do it correctly, my time spent with the customer was around 15 to 20 minutes from point from first contact to sale. So that means Hey, I'm not getting frustrated, this customer I can kind of disengage from a conversation if he's getting on my nerves. And I can let myself cool down. And then I can bounce back in sometimes just a five minute breather, but I don't feel the pressure of having to talk to him all the time for 45 minutes straight. So in other words, this means that instead of one customer that I may have sold within an hour, I can now do approximately three sales an hour. If if it holds true that my timeframe is 15 to 20 minutes per customer, I can do three an hour. Okay, you can sell more online than you ever did at a fraction of the cost. And that is because of all the above things that we just went over time as being the most probably the biggest difference that I found what you can expect, here's a lot of cons little to no availability of physical product, you don't have access to it. And that's really hard sometimes, because especially depending on where you're at, in the country, when you're selling in the country, people change sometimes there's areas that are really techie and are really into online sales. And there's other areas that are just touchy feely on the farm boy type, I gotta walk in there. That's really hard. And here's something you need to know in online sales. If you're dealing in that specific area, you have to be able to provide something that's physical for them to go look at. Sometimes, you can use your competition's displays to your advantage. There's a massive risk than in that, but you can price wars and competition. So online sales, people know the price up front generally, or can find it. If it's not on your website, they're gonna find it somewhere else. So if they found pricing on somebody else's website, and it's not on yours, and they can't find it anyway. You're already on the backfoot and defensive when that person calls in, or send you an email. Unless they are 100% sold on the story, you've sold them or your product. It's hard to convey quality and build trust and online sales. Most of this is because you cannot read body language is easily hard to get that information across to your, your clients that you're talking to. So most of your quality and conveying quality and building trust is actually done on the website. And it is a lot that falls a lot responsibility on to the company to establish this story. And to build the quality and convey trust. All of that is done a lot on the website in the research phase. So that leads into the limited time to make an impression. It's all built in your clients research phase and Online sales, but you can lose it almost immediately if they make a phone call in, and they get a bad impression from salesperson. Just because there's so much information and online sales that you can find, and I don't care where you're at this is online, in anything, I can Google whatever I want. And I can find out information, whether I, whether it's true or not, is kind of beside the point. But I can find out all that information. If I finally settle on a company, that I like, with a product that I like, that looks really cool. And I call in and I have a bad experience, or I email in and have a bad experience, I'm bouncing, I'm going somewhere else. So it is really important on the sales side to be able to convey and build that trust, it's already been built by the company to be able to expand on that and make it really personal to the to the customer. So yeah, you have to give the correct info, and you got to do it fast. Today's attention span is approximately 8.25 seconds, for videos, speaking is around 20 minutes, which means me going through this presentation, you're gonna check out halfway through it. Just that's where it's at. Okay, you started to lower closing rate, and online sales, and you also have quicker burnout. And that's just due to the amount of numbers that you're handling. and lack of physical, a conversations a lot of times or face to face. I don't know what you are, like for both of you guys, the sales, I don't know how you do well, I don't know, if you like talking to people, I'm introverted. So I would rather have a one on one conversation with people, and a very small group of people, this kind of stuff drives me crazy sometimes, because I don't really know what I'm doing. And I don't know how to do it, it makes me go out of my comfort zone. I would rather have a one on one. So online sales, burned me out a lot. But you have to be able to find a reason for it and have to find a way to connect with those people in that, here's the pros, lower cost of a sale is nine to 10%. Now this is more company facing. And this data is from a couple of years old. So I don't know how accurate this is. Lower cost of sale nine to 10% online versus 12 to 14%, which is traditional lots and dealership displays. And that leads into the fact of you having you know anywhere between 10 to 20 Different lot buildings on there lots you have lower cost of expansion. Same reason, you can add a salesperson for how much a month versus creating 20 more buildings and putting them on a lot. Lower cost of expansion, I went over that sorry, distributed sales team. So you can be located anywhere, which you guys already kind of are. You've got access to a bigger talent pool. So it's remote. You know, people can work from everywhere. You have more control of messaging and marketing. Now this is company facing. What I mean by this is when you have a dealership model now this is kind of going into my personal opinions. But it's also what I've seen a lot. And I also have worked with a marketing company, or a marketing guy that actually used to do marketing for salespeople, that were dealers, and dealerships as a general whole kind of go on a cowboy route. And it you know, they may be having shed sales that happen along with a trailer lot, you know, they're selling trailers, or they're, they're doing lumber or whatever it is. And they just so happen to have some sheds on their lot that they're selling. They can be really successful with that. But at the same time, a lot of times they don't put a lot of effort in, they're just not concentrated. And they also will tell the customer whatever necessary to make the sale happen. And there's no feedback or limited feedback to when it goes wrong between the company. So there's a lot of times there's some frustration and I see a lot of dealers going to cowboy route, saying whatever they can possible to make the sale. And all of a sudden the company can't back it up, which leads to some terrible reviews for the company and also the dealership. More team focused. I like having my guys, my my team, whoever it may be in an office. If you've got a problem going on. If you can't close a job if you can't, whatever it may be.

Speaker 1  19:51
It's easy to ask an opinion or help from somebody else and it's just like, hey, I ran into this situation. This customer told me this and here's how I'll respond and what the heck is going on like I cannot close this. So it's really nice to have that whether you're an office or it's an online where you have somebody that you have access to, or even just a teammate to reach out to, I find is really helpful. And that's often done a lot easier in online sales and the dealership model, because those guys are also competitors, in some senses. Enhanced expedited feedback and support, we went over that it's very scalable. So if you get it right, you can add another client, or you can add another salesperson and just add into the team. As you grow. Less time spent with the customer equals more sales. customer spends less of your time and they do a lot of research on their own. So a lot of times what I saw happen in my specific office while I did 90% online also had a, like a retail location where people walked in, the majority of the time that they came in to look at my building was just to confirm that what they saw on the website was true. Okay, so they researched already, they had made up their mind about 90% of the way, I just had to tip them over the rest of the way, if they showed up physically higher reward, and then less time spent with each customer and Marines more more clients helped more sales for the company. Now all the above, this is customer or this is company facing. And these are questions that I would I would ask anybody looking to get into online sales. Is is your company really ready to pivot from the dealership model or, or figure out a way you don't have to pivot directly from the dealership model to get into online sales. But it does mean that you need to change your focus a little bit. And there's certain things that you're going to have to figure out as far as what you're willing to spend money on because it changes a little these are the questions that I would suggest asking, are you ready to spend money on marketing instead of physical inventory? So that what I mean by that is, hey, do we got money and whatever it takes to create good pictures? You know, even develop email drip campaigns, if necessary. And I would highly recommend that we'll get into that a little bit later. You know, are you ready to invest in your salespeople? So, dealerships from what I've seen, and I don't know if this is the case for you guys. I don't know if it's just industry standard. But it seems to be we set up a dealer, we give them very limited training and say here you go make a sale. Online sales, because of the how complicated it can be sometimes require some more training. Okay, so you have to ask how important images to you? Are you willing to deliver a product as good as your pictures and marketing. And that goes back to my previous comment of if they call in. So if your marketing pictures are like a one over the top, and they're great, and that building, you sold it to them, and it comes out and it's not what it looks like in the pictures on the website, you're going to get a call on it. Okay. If their experience is not what it's touted to be on the website, like, Hey, we're the best our quality's great, we have great people, and they call it and get a bad experience with the salesperson. Big Red Flag. You know, it may not mean that they call and complain about it, it just means that they're probably not going to refer you to their friends. You got to ask how much you're willing to spend to market and advertised? Are you willing to invest time and money in offering sales training at something else that my company did is like Eric, hey, we are willing to pay for you to go to a sales seminar, sales training, wherever you want it to be as long as through our slow time, so we're not slammed and you're gone and out of the office. So if you can figure out something in the in the wintertime when we're slow, we're more than willing to pay for this. We want to help you succeed, and in turn, our company succeeds. Do you trust the salespeople that sell for you, and that's going to open a can of worms. But this goes both ways. Your salespeople have to trust you as a company to be able to deliver on the product they're selling. And I cannot say that enough. Same thing goes the other way. For me the company. People asked me to the reason to my success. And I can tell them that yeah, it's because I figured out a process and that is partly true. However, the thing that I recognized about it is it aligned for me the company value, Eric's value. What the company stood behind what I stood behind their marketing plan their messaging plant All of that they all aligned to create success. That doesn't happen for everybody. And I know that. So these are questions, this question of do you trust the salespeople that sell for you can in turn be right turned right around on the salesperson side and say, do you trust the company that you sell for? Because if you don't either need to have a discussion about it, and figure that out, or you possibly need to move on. It is super hard to sell a product that you don't believe in, especially in online because of some of the things that I went over. And it's also really hard to sell for a company that you don't trust. And then are you setting realistic expectations for your sales team, we'll get into that a little bit more to in just the process. And then you've got to test and you got to test and you got to test and more testing and more testing. Online sales and marketing is all about testing. What works, what doesn't work, hey, this worked, can we tweak it? Can we create something else to redo this and constantly having running them side by side? And in the sales side, you do the exact same thing? Hey, I got this lead Id guess what? What I did the first time didn't work. Let me tweak this does this work? Okay, now, whenever I get this type of lead in, I'm going to respond this way, it works better. If that works better than tweak it again. If if the new version doesn't work, you still have the old one that you're using. So it's constantly going back and forth about what works, what doesn't work. And it changes. So four months from now, what worked when I was doing sales, a it may not be working right now. And B, even if I'm doing it 100% correctly, I'm not going to hit everybody. And then four months from now, it may not work on my clientele changed. Online Sales changes really, really quick. The good ol boy approach and the dealerships, those people are around for forever. They, they're I gotta touch it, I gotta feel it. I gotta walk in all of this stuff. Online salespeople are online, not salespeople, but online sales people change really quick, the trends change really quick, here's your questions as a salesperson. Okay, why aren't people buying? Why is it so easy to sell to one customer? And the next is absolutely impossible. How do I best show my product? Are you asking the right questions? And then are you even listening? This goes back to just listening for everything. So and you got to ask the right questions to hear the things necessary to build them a quote, or to even extend that conversation? Is your messaging, right? Meaning in your emails, or you're writing it correctly. And this really goes back to asking the right questions, your message is going to change per customer. Based on the questions that you asked, okay, what's the best method to contact phone, email, text or other? Frankly, that is specific to you guys. I hated text I'm. So I hated using text people, other people love it. I have an opinion about texting. And that is I use it for my friends and family. I do not want businesses texting me. That's how my view is. So I felt really bad when I texted somebody in the business unless it was something specific. And I didn't develop some type of a personal relationship. Maybe they said, Hey, Eric, I want to move forward with this building. But it was a rent to own and I needed I needed to collect an ID. Okay, then I would text I'd say hey, did you have two minutes to get me your ID sent over because they're already going to be texting it to a to me anyway. That's when I would use it. But there's other people that swear by text and say they have the best thing ever on text and they have the best response rate, do it. If you have that do it. There is no guarantee on which one works the best. However, I will say that people will always still pick up the phone at some point, either out of annoyance. Either you ticked them off by calling them so often, or they're just curious. They're like, what's this number? So I used phone and email. That's what I use the most. Text was the low third and other which is more social media marketing or social media information I did not use mostly because I didn't have a lot of good success with it. And also because I was not good at social media conversations. They drove me crazy and made me mad. And when I was mad, I couldn't talk to people.

Speaker 1  29:55
Like I should have so just you might be really skilled that and that's fantastic. Use it if you can't, if there's a massive pool of people there that I am sure I missed, just because I wasn't really good at it. Okay, how many times to contact? When do I contact? This is based off of asking the right questions. So this changes for every customer, there's, there's not going to be a silver bullet on how many times to contact. But a rule of thumb is, and yet we can get into this a little bit later, I would actually like to hear from both of you guys. For all of you, when you start feeling uncomfortable, on the amount of times you've contacted somebody the general rule of thumb is go past when you feel your comfort level. Will we'll take a excerpt from Grant Cardone which he says, Go, which this really helped me out. And I did not follow it because it was to the extreme, and I just couldn't do it. But he said, you have to follow up until your customer complains. And then you do 10 times that. I hate that comment. And because the fact if I my customers complaining about the length, or how much I'm following up, I'm on the verge of losing them if I follow up too much more. Okay, if your customer gets back with you, they will let you know when you follow up too much. Trust me, they'll be like, shut up. Like, I'm not interested in your product, which in online sales and know is just almost as important as a yes, your company doesn't enjoy that. Hearing that philosophy. But in the case of sales, a no is just as important as Yes, so you can move on and focus your energy on the next person. What happens? Okay, so here's the other question. Do I trust the company I sell for? You've got to ask that you got to answer it for yourself, I can't do that for you. What happens if you lose trust in your company? Another question. There's all kinds of things that will happen. This happened in my case a little bit. And basically what it meant is there are certain products that I couldn't sell for the company more just my integrity as a person, I did not want to take money from this particular client. Because I didn't know if they were gonna get the product that I sold them. That's a big issue, which was just a big point for me to say, hey, you know what, Eric, it is time for you to move on. Like, if you can't trust this, it was a great company, don't get me wrong, and they're still a great company, I would probably go back and work for them. At the same time, at that point in my life, I lost trust in the company, it was really hard to sell, which meant my sales were dipping. And they were still strong, but still. Okay, how do you be empathetic, especially when you can't sell and I'm behind on my quota, and you just feel like you can't close anything. That's a tough one. And all I can say is put yourself in the shoes of your client that's calling in. And that's hard to do sometimes. But maybe sometimes it has to do with asking the right question and just say, Hey, what's going on? What's up, and they'll often share with you and in sales more than anything else, I feel like I'm more of a therapist or a counselor than anything else. Sometimes you'll get people that call in email, and we'll give you their entire life problems. And you're like, I did not want to know that. I don't want to know his personal details about you. I don't want to any of that. But you have to be empathetic to their situation and respond in your empathy towards the client in a helpful way. So, hey, you know what I can't make I can't buy this building because

Unknown Speaker  34:04
you know, my aunt just died. I'm really sorry to hear that, like, what can I do to help you? I know that this isn't a good time. You know,

Speaker 1  34:15
I don't want to waste your time. But how about instead of asking them, When can I reach back out? Just say, how about I reach out three weeks. That's a massive life change for them. And it comes across as caring when you do something like that. Just like, Hey, how about to reach out in three weeks? This is not a good time. I understand that. If anything changes, let me know. And sometimes you'll get calls back from these particular clients that all of a sudden, after their aunt is die, they died and they're buried. All of a sudden their family tasked them with sorting through all their crap. Okay. Well, the first person they're going to call is the person that they've already been talking to, that all of a sudden said, hey, you know what, you have a bad time in your life. I'm not going to bother you. It's three weeks away. You're the First on their mind, and they're gonna call you up and say, Man, my, my family, they're crazy. Okay, my aunt died and they just tasked me with getting rid of all of her trash, I need to shed. So you're in a prime position to help them out in that particular case. And it's all because you were being empathetic on that first call. And that's hard because it was a no to you efficient selling principles. If time equals money, how can I cut my time down and still be effective? This really is kind of the meat of where everything's out here for the sales side, you have to answer and ask the right questions, you've got to ask what they are these change. So as a salespeople, you need to you need to be experimenting with this, you ask the questions that you need to help the client within minutes. So my first call was around 10 to 15 minutes. In the last nine months that I was with the company, crazy stats started coming out. The more time that I spent with the client, on the first phone call, if I could get them on the phone, the longer my sales cycle was and the less chance of closing I had. So if I spent an hour with this customer, I may have still sold the building. But it extended it to around four to five weeks out. So I found that getting the questions that I needed to within five minutes being able to send them a quote within 10 to 15 minutes. And occasionally you're gonna run into the client that's just like that you can't get the information you need in five minutes, it's gonna be 10 to 15. At that just where it's at. I found that the quicker I was able to get the information out of them by asking the questions, and then also being able to send them a quote very easily. With not without maybe giving them all of the information that we may have discussed on the phone, we'll get into that a little bit later. For that they asked for the phone actually cut my sales cycle down. At the last nine months, I was averaging between seven to 14 days of a lead cycle. So lead came in seven to 14 days, I either gotta know where I got a yes. Or I might have gotten Well, I'm not ready for it. It's going to be three months, which gave me the answer that I needed to on how to follow up with him and how many times you have to set expectations and time limits for yourself and for the client immediately. So what I mean by this, the customer calls in and says hey, I'm needing a shed. Okay, we'll get into the questions that I asked at a later time. But the end of the conversation, my at the time, I didn't have a system that I can I'm I'm not a multitasker. So I can't carry a conversation and do things and build out stuff accurately as a quote. So it just doesn't work for me. Power to you guys if you can do it. So what I did was I would collect their information, write notes down at the end of the conversation and be like, Okay, sounds good. I got all the information here, I would maybe recap it. And I'd say I'll have this quote over to you in five minutes. If it was really complicated, because sometimes I sold garages to. So they're complicated and really moving parts, I'd say, Well, I'm gonna have you this quote, by the end of the day. Maybe for some reason, my day was absolutely insane with the amount of leads or calls coming in, which was typical of a Monday. And I would be making all these outbound calls and emails and whatever it was a take up the majority of my time in the morning, and I would hit one or two people that would say, Yeah, give me a quote. Because I was so busy, and the phones were ringing off the hook and all of this stuff, I'd say, Okay, I was still shoot for five to 15 minutes to get him a quote. But if it didn't have time, and I knew it, because the phone was nonstop ringing, I'd, you know, I'd shut it down and I'd have two messages. Okay, that happened some days. I would set a timeframe for them to expect that quote, either by noon or by end of day or by three o'clock in the afternoon and just say, hey, I'll have this two by three. And then you gotta hold true to it. If you if you can't, all you got to do is reach out to them in a text and say, Hey, man, I really apologize. I told you I'm gonna have you this quote by three o'clock. I'm five minutes late, or it'll be ended day. You're creating a communication chain and also just an expectation on communication that says Hey, this guy, if he can't get to it, he's going to be honest and tell me where he's at. which means In turn, I could do the exact same thing for him. Okay, abt principle, I made this up. So I don't know if it's correct or not, but always be building trust in your phone calls, your emails, everything, the building trust about you, the company and the product? Am I using the right language? really goes back to asking the right questions. And we're gonna get into that because I can really delve into the psychological side of sales. I enjoy that side of it. So we'll get into that a little bit later. Am I trying to contact via calling texting emailing often enough? Or am I doing it too frequently? So these are questions you're constantly doing, and this is per customer. Like I said, I think Matt sent me or Matthias sent me a document the other day, and this question was on it like what's, what's the amount of times? And there's no magic bullet this there isn't? Do I have enough leads? And do I have too many leads and what's my ceiling. So on a salespersons perspective, you can never have too many leads, right? Just how I feel. However, there is such a thing as too many leads. And a lot of times, that means you're not getting to them quick enough. There's also testing done, I have a friend that owns a company that does online sales. And he has actually done testing on his sales people that are begging for more leads. And when he has given them more leads, their closing rate has gone down. I don't have all the proof and data on that for me, I operate it a little bit differently. And I'm like, give me the leads, just give me the leads, I need more leads give me more leads. Because they're always fresh in that particular case. But you have to have a process with following up with the leads you already have. That is time, time efficient. That's the biggest thing. If you don't have that process, that having too many leads is a real big deal. Efficient selling, here's your practical tips. You have to be really skilled at reading people and tones. So what I mean by this is reading tones. You don't you can't read body language on online sales are over the phone. All you have left is the words and the tones that are used. So the questions that you're asking the client on the first call are based on what you hear. Never ever follow a script so closely that you can't pivot immediately. So you might get into a phone call and you're like, hey, this is my this is my mojo. This is how I'm answering this phone call. And all of a sudden, that customer throws you for a loop by question or a tone. You have to pivot and you have to speak in their speak. In that particular case. Same thing you can do that via email and social media. You know, any kind of conversation that you have with that you can also do it that way. It's way more difficult. Phones is way easier. Okay, are they short and Curt? Okay, so if they're short, and Curt, give me a price, which in most cases and online sales, this is probably going to be more of the majority. They've done their research, I need this now and I need it right away. Give me the information. And don't waste time telling me about your product or waste time. I need this, this and this. Give it to me. You have to do it. And don't feel bad about educating the customer in that process. more along the lines, so their questions are short and Curt Hey, give

Speaker 1  44:08
me this price. Okay, well, that sounds great. I'll get you the price. Here's what I need from you. I need x, y and z. And just be very blunt. Now another customer calls in and they're like, Man, I need a shed and you know, my family is driving me crazy. And now, my company made me work from home this year. And it's just, I gotta I gotta create an office and and I you know, I just this is how this conversation goes. But guess what, you're gonna get nowhere by being short and Curt to this person. You have to structure it and be like, Man Yeah, that's rough. I'm sorry to hear that. It's it sucks working from home I did it or you know, whatever it may be. You have to kind of put yourself on their level and then you're going to say Okay, yeah, sounds like you need an office. And we can definitely help you with that. But here's what I need to know from you. What size do you need, like how big a desk Do you have, shoot the breeze with them a little bit, joke around with them, you're gonna have more percentage chance of closing these guys. But in vice versa, if you use that approach with the people that are short, and Curt, you lost the sale. Don't give all the details that make you special or different from other companies in one call. And less. This is the type of client you have on the line. And I'll take this a step further and say don't give all the details that they asked for in the first email when you send them a quote. Leave a note and follow up. An hour later, three hours later, that day later, whatever it is with that piece of information. And how you do that is you have your notes written down wherever you have them written down. You build a quote out based on what they want. And they may have asked you a question. And instead of giving it in the quote, on the phone, because I could give them the answer on the phone, if I wanted to. I can either wait until I send them a quote and say, Oh, hey, by the way, you mentioned this on the phone, I forgot to get you an answer. Here's the answer to that question. You can also wait an hour later and do the exact same thing. Or you can wait a day later. What that does, is it gives you a sense of humanity. Because it's online sales, you're reaching back out, say, Hey, I forgot to get you this information. So it's very personal, you put put yourself on their level. And it also gives you ammo on what to put in your follow up. So some days, they would give me a whole list of questions. And I knew the answers, and I could have given it to him. But it would have given me a 20 minute phone conversation. Well, instead, I got off the phone and five minutes time, 10 minutes time, 15 minutes, whatever it was. And I put the quote together and I attached in the email and I sent him the answers to their questions. Or sometimes I'd withhold the answers to their questions until the next day, because it keeps them on the hook. And the very next day, I will give them the answer to the question. Oh, hey, you know, I really am sorry, I didn't add this and the last conversation and the phone call that I did. Here's the information that you want it. And a lot of times you're going to start getting responses back from that client because you do it that way. They'll be like, well, I thought of another question. Oh, great. And then you're immediately on that question. Hey, do you got any more questions? Hey, you know what? That question is too complicated to explain in an email, let me give you a phone call. And when you're on the phone call, you're like, hey, I answered that question. Do you want to move forward on this build? Or like, do you want to provide the building, we'll get you going right now? Like I need, I need two minutes. That's all I need. We got to process your payment and get an E signature, if that's what you do. Okay, now, I'm not quite ready, I got to talk to my husband, I gotta talk to my wife. And they're not going to be home until Friday. Okay, well, let me follow up with you on Friday afternoon. Or if that's too early, tell you what I'm just going to put you on my follow up list for Monday morning at eight o'clock. First thing in the morning, I get in the office, I'm giving you a call. So you're setting timelines based on what you're telling them. And also your responses. Okay, that really factors into only giving details and upsell basing on their needs.

Unknown Speaker  48:35
I don't know how you guys are set up at true point. That's the name of your company right game. So here's where I spend, like there's all kinds of upsells that you can do for a customer. And

Speaker 1  48:55
I generally would ask a question to try to understand their usage at the building and then only sell them an upsell on what applied. Otherwise, they often get overwhelmed with the amount of options. And I found that it was easier for me to dumb it down and give them limited options. That was an upsell. And sometimes what that looked like was they would call in and say they're wanting to store a four wheeler in this building. And because I know that a four wheeler is a lot of fun. And I wrote it all day long. I don't want to jump off all the time to swing open some doors and you know stuff like that. Maybe I would try to sell them on a building with a garage door in it because it's easier. And I wouldn't really delve into anything else or maybe it'd be an upgraded floor or waterproof floor or something like that. Because I know it's important like you're out in the snowstorm you're pushing snow and why do I want a floor that is going to absorb water? Well, I don't want that. So that's what I would upsell them into. Sometimes that meant that I, I would structure it to selling them a different product completely, or an upgrade. So it's kind of how they operate. Never ever badmouth your competition, even if you hate them. And this was really true to me because I actually, the first job situation that I worked at the end and kind of badly, was right across the street. And that was difficult for me, because he always got questions of what makes you different. And those guys are great. And I'm like, Well, my personal experience wasn't great. But I don't really want to share that with the client. However, you can instil a question and your potential clients mind about the other people? And by that, I mean, you just ask them questions. Hey, yeah, it looks like they're great, but they have a decent product. But what about this, and this is where you get into what sets you apart as a company. And sometimes this comes down to the small things like, you know that our metal buildings, all the screws, the the rubber washer is set correctly, so you're not going to get any leaks. Hey, on a woodshed, you know, all of our nail holes are caught. And that means water is not going to get in there and your product is going to last longer. Okay, that's something that your client does not generally see unless you pointed out or they might see it, but they don't think about it. So now when they go to your competition, that exact thing is going to be what they're looking for, in your client. And if they see it missing, already, your value at higher. I use this a lot. This is more of the psychological side. But I used it a lot. And I knew my competition across the street, what they did and what they didn't do. And the majority of times, these guys would walk across the street, and I lost some people. Because of doing that they the guys across the street were 900 to $1,000 cheaper than me for almost the identical building. And I had to figure out something to point out to them to say, look, this is what you got to look for. And these guys would often come back to me and say, you know, I don't know what it is about your building, it looks about the same. But for some reason, yours just feels nicer. I like it. I can't explain it, but it looks better. That's what you want, because people are buying off of emotion. And you have pointed out something on the competition that they do not have that yours does. And now they're looking for it if they go over there. And they remember in their mind, hey, you know what, Eric, I liked talking to him. And he gave me this information, I went across the street, and they don't have it. And it's important to me. Sometimes the details that you point out are not important, and you may lose the sale. So just FYI, keep that in your mind. It's a problem sometimes. Okay. Keep in mind that people in qualified leads are on their own timeframe. You can direct it, but the only thing you control is you your follow through and mindset. And this is why it's so important to ask the right questions, because asking the right questions and hearing the answers will let you know what timeframe This customer is actually on. And you can address them on their timeframe communication, elements of communication. Now this is from Verbal Judo. And I would recommend reading this book if you have not. It's from the receivers point of view, there are only three elements of communication. In person. There's a truth content. So basically, what you're selling your marketing your pictures, the pricing is seven to 10% of your communication, your voice is 33 to 40 and other nonverbal, which is your body language is 50 to 60% of your impact. So when you're talking to somebody, what you're saying is about seven to 10% important your voice is 33 to 40 and your body language is 50 to 60 on the phone, your truth and content remains the same seven to 10%. And everything else is in your voice 99 to 93%. So, summary to that is you got to know the what versus the how you got to know how to speak to these people. You absolutely have to get it right so if here's the problem, even though truth is seven to 10% If you're off and that seven to 10% You lost your customer crazy, because you would think that 90 93% If I'm really smooth talker should be able to sell this and you can but if it doesn't line up with the truth and the content, done deal It's a bad review for you and your company. And everything on the phone is tone, lead qualification. Some of the most important things to use for that, what I found helpful was CRM that really improved my close rate. When I first started with the online sales, we didn't have a CRM, about nine months to 12 months in, we got a CRM, and I hated it because it was a new system and a change. But I saw my closing rate jump, and the amount of follow ups that I did by about 40 to 60%. So that was in direct correlation with how much I was able to sell after the first year. Online quoting and the process to do that, how quick that should be. So that really factors into the next point, how much time I should spend with a client, what's your closing rate, you're gonna know this as a salesperson, and your sales manager is going to know your company is going to know all of them are going to know it. Like the only person that may not know is your client. Maybe you don't know what it is, and your sales manager can definitely help you with that. The average closing rate and online sales in our industry is around 10 to 20%. From what I've been able to pick up now there are certain leads that are lower than that, or certain that are higher, but the average is anywhere between 10 to 20. And most people range between I believe it's 10 to 12.

Unknown Speaker  56:33
Your top in the industry, your top performers are generally around 20%. That's from all leads coming in. Okay, how quickly you should respond. This one is I tried to respond within one minute. I think that the average is like two minutes, a phone call it was almost immediate. So I had a had an assistant for the last year that I was there actually year and a half. And it was an ongoing competition between her and I to see who answered the phone quickest.

Speaker 1  57:15
And I got frustrated because there was a delay in the phone system. And her phone would ring first. So she better be busy or a little bit slack and for me to get it. But how quickly you shouldn't respond within two minutes. But I shot for one because I was like it's got to be better. And sometimes this is not possible. Sometimes you're buried and leads and you're just not going to respond. Or maybe it's over the weekend and collected and on Monday you have 20 leads? Well, you're not going to respond in a minute. But new phone calls coming in is still going to be the take the precedents in that particular case. What questions I should be asking, you're going to constantly ask these and I'm going to give you what I've used, what I found really helpful methods of communication with the client. So experiment with this via phone, text, email, you know, if it's a social media message, whatever it is, you can experiment with that. And then the last one was industry average is 10 to 20%. On the conversion rate, here are the most important things. And this took me two and a half years to actually figure out the questions to ask. So somebody calls him and they're like, Hey, I'm looking for a shed or your your call and you answer the phone and you give your name and the company worked for how I don't know what you what you guys say. That was me. Hey, this is Eric with XY and Z. What can I help you with? And that's said in a very caring tone, like hey, what can I help you with? And they're often like, well, I'm looking for a shed, or I'm looking for a storage shed. They don't give you any details up front. Okay. And then my next question is, all right, what are you using this building for? So kind of an authoritative tone. And they would go into the speed of light? Well, I'm just needing it for some storage or I'm using it for potting shed. Oh, great. We can definitely help you with that. How important are looks to you versus usability. All well, I want the building to look nice, but I don't want to pay a lot. Well, okay. And ultimately told me the answer to this question of how important price is to you. They don't want to pay a lot. Now you have to determine what a lot is. But we'll go back to how important looks are versus usability that's very inquisitive, like you really want to know.

Unknown Speaker  59:49
They give you the answer that you're like Alright, sounds good. How quick do you need this? Coke authoritative question again. How quick do you need this? And they're like, well I need it at the end of next week.

Speaker 1  1:00:04
Okay, well can you add like as a salesperson Do you know if your company can actually build a new building in and deliver it in a week? If they can't, and they have a building in stock that may work for them, then your focus needs to be on selling them that building that's in stock that you can get out there in their timeframe. If you can't get it in their timeframe, you have to give them the timeframe, you can do it? Well, you know, I'd love to be able to do that. Here's what we have in stock, it may not be identical to what you want. But let me send you a picture on what it looks like you can make the decision or I can build you a full quote with everything that you want. But we're going to be looking at about four weeks. Okay, so you set a timeline for each of those, basically, on their timeline, they want it next week, which means they have to buy a building that's in stock or something that you're running a special on that, you know, you can get out there. If they don't want that, well, then they're four weeks out and your follow up to set on that. Okay, you know, they want it as soon as possible. So that means that your follow ups have to be like, well, we got to get this order in on some let like your follow ups need to be a little bit more pointed. If they say, Well, I'm just looking right now. And you know, I'm looking for some time this spring? Well, when you say the spring, is that, like, is that February? Or is that may? Okay? Well, if it's May, here's what I'm going to tell you about our company, we usually get slammed in March. And our lead times right now are four weeks out. And in March, it's not uncommon for them to jump to six and eight weeks. Okay, so you relayed that information over the client. Now it's on them to make a decision, hey, I want this building in May, maybe I should take it earlier. Okay, well, now you have a sale. If they say no, it still doesn't work, then you can give them a timeline, say, Well, you need to have this order. And I can't guarantee this because it's sales, this could change at the drop of a hat. But you need to have this order in. Let's say what's today, January the ninth, you need to have it in by January 31. Just to just to make sure that you're safe, that you can get it in that timeframe. And then you can follow up with the customer that way. As it gets closer to January 31, you're getting more and more pointed, hey, based on our conversation, you wanted this building in this timeframe. We need to get this on order, we may be able to stretch it a little further and just be really caring in that part of it. But based on the answer that you asked on how quickly they need it that tells you what you need to do on follow ups. And then how important is price to you? And you can just kind of throw a little inflection or a joke in there? Or how are you going to do that. It takes the pressure off of them buying this building. You know, price is important to everybody. At some point, like there's a price point that's gonna break. And if they say, Well, you know, I really want the building to look nice, but I don't want to spend more than $5,000. Well, okay, here's what I can do for you. And I may put a quote together that's 56 or 5800 bucks with a lot of options that make it look cool. And then tell them that say, Hey, you know, I added a lot of options that are really popular, I think make the building look great. You might not like him, it's $5,800. And I know you said that your price points $5,000. So we can subtract this off, it's gonna get you really close to your $5,000 point. Well, all of a sudden, they get this visual picture in his mind of this really cool building. Okay. And they're willing to pay 5800 bucks. So you up sold them based on that. But you can just you can take the pressure off and say, Well, I know you said price is important. This is a really popular selling building, or this is what looks really nice. And I don't stretch it much over their budget, you know, 5600 but 600 bucks to $800 Depending on the field I get from the customer. Sometimes it's only $5,200. And if they come back and just say no, that's, that's too expensive. Well, okay, you know what you need to do and you know the options that are available. And you can say, Okay, well I can take the flower boxes off of this building and the shutters off and you're going to be at $5,000 Are you ready? Are you ready to buy this? Like do you want to get it on the schedule? Okay, your next two questions. Are you wanting to purchase outright? Or do you want to finance this is all caring and authoritative. So you're you're approaching it from at this point, you're the expert in the industry. You're gonna give them an option on how to pay For this building, but it still needs to come across as very caring, like, hey, I'm interested in you about you as a person and what you can and can't do money wise. But here's our options like, XYZ or options. So this is kind of a split like you and ask it in a caring, but then you kind of give them an option to help them solve their issue and very authoritative just, well, this is what we have for that. This will get you at your RTO numbers, or $200 a month versus your $5,000 from and then you always answer this with a solution. And that's authority. So, okay, so if you just burned down through these questions that give you an answer, and you can be like, Okay, sounds great. Here's what I have in stock for you, we can have this out to you in seven to 14 days. I do need to get the answer. If you need it in that timeframe, or you want to building that early, I need to have the order in by the end of today. Or tomorrow. Or maybe it's maybe it's Thursday, and I say I need to have this order in by the end of by the end of the week, Friday night at five. Well, I know that my company doesn't process these orders until Monday. And the order coming in on Friday late is not going to be processed till Monday. So here's what's going to happen in this particular case. If the customer is really interested, and they miss it, they're often reaching out to me because they feel bad. And they say, Man, I'm running late at work and you know, it's been a day, can I give you a call at 515? Well, as a salesperson, I'm willing to take a call at 515. If I know it's a payment. I'm not willing to waste an hour of my time after my working hours close to just shoot the breeze with you. So it establishes a timeline. For me and I, I often when I set that up for people, they would call me at 515 530. And be like, I'm so sorry, I'm running behind times. And they may even say, you know, I'm still running late. And at which point I would say, Look, no big deal. I'll reach out with you at eight o'clock on Monday morning. And we'll finalize the deal. I'll give you the weekend. Chill out, you had a stressful week. Because I know that that still meets their timeline because the company doesn't process anything until Monday. But I'm not telling the customer that I'm just I'm making it sound like processing it on Monday is actually a special thing that I'm doing it for them, they still get their timeline. So that was really helpful on my side to start doing my results. When applied. My time spent per client went from five to 10 minutes on the first call, or to five to 10 minutes on the first call. My average of total time spent the close first call to close was 15 to 20 minutes. My close rate, and this comes into lead clarification on the type of leads you're coming in. So I I split them. So I did a lot of testing and our company did a lot of testing on the type of leads coming in and figured out which ones were one percenters, which ones were higher percentage like as far as the closing rate. My one percenters, my first contact with them always remained the same. But immediately changed after that if I did not get an answer, so I wasn't wasting a lot of time on that. So I was only spending time on people what I call it a cliff. Like a clarified lead was somebody that either picked up the phone or responded to my email, and asked me for a quote. So these were people that I quoted in my CRM pipeline, I had around 3532 to 3500 people in my pipeline, and I was only responding to around 300 to 360 of them. That sales cycle in that process was anywhere between seven to 14 days for that lead for that closing cycle. So that meant those 300 people were cycling. And sometimes you would lose contact with them. And in that case, I would put them onto our email campaign or drip campaign just so that I wasn't wasting time the quote was still out there. And whenever they reach back out to me, I would take them off of that drip campaign start responding to them again, a lot of times, this was four months after the fact and they needed another quote, and it was an updated one anyway, so it was almost treated as a new lead in that particular case.

Speaker 1  1:09:46
And my closing rates were a direct correlation to how much time I spent on the phone. So anytime it went past about 20 minutes on the phone, I had less of a chance of closing them, especially in that 14 DAY TIME cycle. I may still Close them, but they were out approximately two to three months. All right, personal results before the lessons learned. So the first year in person sales was 1.1 million. And I did around six sales per week now, I was selling large projects with this to like pull buildings and things. So in that 1.1 million, I was selling pool buildings. And a few garages not not a lot, but a lot more pull buildings. Online sales, my first year was a million dollars and it dipped, which I wasn't happy with. But I wasn't selling garages. And I was not selling pool buildings, I was only selling sheds. So five to seven sales a week. And it was about a million dollars in the first 12 months, year to 2.4. And that was nine to 11 sales a week. And then year three, January 1 through September 27 was 3.4 million, as personally and in three to four sales a day. So anywhere between 15 to 20 buildings a week with that I was selling. And in that process, I was not so year one, I came into the company with me as a full time salesperson, a part time salesperson and two of the owners were doing sales. Within the first six months, the one owner dropped out eight months, the part time guy was no longer there. So within nine months, I was doing about 90% of the sales at the company coming in. So we were pretty small company when we started. And then one of the other owners was doing sales. Year two, I was solely on my own. And I on the first year that the owner that still remained doing sales was very sporadic, like he would maybe so one to two buildings a month. So not very many, it was just kind of an overflow gear to I was on my own no additional salesperson. Although at the end of that I did have an assistant come in and help me handle phone calls. And then year three, January through September or through August, my assistant actually switched to the sales role and was doing sales alongside me. So she had no experience in that. And her first year she was on track to do a million dollars in sales. As well, besides these numbers here, burnout, we're just going to address that because it happens. The reasons, these are a list of reasons and it's sometimes it's settling for the wrong company, your values don't line up. You don't have belief in the product and the company that you know the absolute sheer amount of conversations that you're having. Because it's a lot, and you're not seeing these people face to face, and emails, low face to face interactions that leads into the conversations, frequent misunderstandings, complaints, and reworking of quotes. So even with asking the right questions, you're still gonna have misunderstandings, you're still gonna have complaints. And you constantly have to rework quotes based on what they're asking for. And because you don't see these people a lot, sometimes it gets dragging. And it's just your job is never any frequent, and quantity of follow up. The other thing is you're constantly reading tone, so you have to listen, like the entire day, all you're doing is listening. And for me, I enjoyed it. But at the same time when I went home, I completely checked out, I'm so sick of people I'm done. I don't want to have a conversation, I want to talk I don't want to do any of this. Because I was constantly reading that and having to like, listen so hard for the tones that the customer was using, so I can respond to it correctly. Okay. Salespeople often feel like they're in this alone, like they're just on an island, they're out there doing it. Okay. They often sometimes feel for me, I felt responsibility for my company. If I wasn't making a sale, it affected me personally. But I also felt really responsible because, you know, I'm not making a sale for the company, can they actually make it? I'm not doing my job. That's how I viewed it. Sometimes they lack clarity. And by that, I mean, sometimes there's lack of clarity from the company on the expectations required. Sometimes there's a lack of clarity as far as the product that you're offering. So this all leads into some of this. They're overwhelmed with the amount of people the conversations they're having, they lose pace, which means that they just completely get bogged down and just spaced out. There's a whole article on this actually. So this the last five points. Six points actually come from an excerpt of an article that I read, so Oh, I'm okay, they don't get the right amount of frequency or feedback. This was really important to me. I, I like constant frequency and feedback. So I want to know what I'm doing wrong. For me. The psychological side, I'm going to therapy. So I'm learning all this stuff. So this point to something else, but I want to hear the negative of what I'm doing wrong so that I can fix it, rather than hearing the positive. And this leads back into I'm not going to get in the psychological side of that. But all that being said, I wanted constant frequency and feedback, you know what I'm doing right? What can I do better? Hey, how are we holding up on sales like all of that? And that was that was me. But I think a lot of salespeople want frequent they want feedback on on their job and what they're doing and how they're doing and hey, can I improve? Or am I a rock star, I'm knocking it out of the park, like, you want that. And then you aren't developing. So a lot of times, sometimes it just feels like you're sitting there spinning your wheels. And that's, that's a real reason for burnout, what to watch for, okay, you get grumpy with customers really easily you struggle to motivate yourself, you lose interest in challenging yourself, you lose your attention to detail your cynical, negative, unwilling to change. I don't know if I need to read over all of this stuff. I'm actually going to skip some of it. So if you have a note on one of these particularly, let me know, we can delve into it into like one on one questions, how's that sound? When you do have burnout, I'm going to suggest getting mentorship that was really important to me. And mentorship doesn't mean it has to be a sales coach. It just means maybe you have a friend that really challenges you pushes you and says man, you can do this. And lean into you have to have sports hunting hobbies, arts, music, if you're a builder, just pick up your hammer and go build a shed again, like sometimes that's what it's necessary. Go Go take your anger out to take your frustration out on on beating something up. So maybe it's kickboxing for power to that, it's absolutely worth it. And companies really need to be prepared for this to happen to their salespeople. And they need to be willing to back them up. So if it is happening, sometimes you don't know what as a salesperson, that company may see it. Maybe it's just something that we say, hey, you know what, we're going to pay for you to go on a break, or we're going to send you on a weekend away, or we're going to, you know, we're going to send you to an escape room or a rage room. Whatever it's going to be. And then the question that company needs to ask is, are you willing to pay for a recharge for your salespeople. So I just something to think about, but I mean, as as a salesperson, you need to be thinking about this too, hey, I might need to put my company might not do this. But because it's your job, your career, you may need to be thinking about Look, I know, these are some of the tendencies of my job to get burnt out in sales, I should probably budget something for like just going out and just refreshing myself. I'm going to recommend that for your salespeople measurement. You know, anything that can be measured can be improved. So always be leaving some type of a note, sometimes I don't whatever it is, maybe it's a mental note on what's happening in a specific situation that you're running into, and leave a note on it. And then you can ask people, you can ask your sales manager or the company and say what's going on with this. You can ask a friend, your mentor, whoever it is, and the things that I found really important for that we're a CRM software platform that allows you to keep up follow ups, keep them organized, timely. You can sync it to your ads and and your advertising forms. you track your conversion rates you track your time spent. You can track your responses rates to messages I didn't have that. The CRM I'm using now in my company does, which is handy. Sometimes it's a little frustrating too, because I'm like what you opened it like what, what's going on with this like, but can tell you if you need to fix content in your emails to

Speaker 1  1:19:21
helps you caught up, cultivate low quality leads with time management. And then the most important part is time management. And then recommended resources, HubSpot, Salesforce, or there's other multitude of others as well. Always keep your eye on the prize. Your end goal as a salesperson and as a company. What everybody is looking for is more sales. So don't get stuck in a specific thing that you're doing. Constantly pivot, like just test and experiment and figure out something and this, salespeople do this on their own, and they just kind of, you know, hey, it didn't work with this customer. Let me do it. We often struggle with keeping track of what we're doing. wouldn't know. Because we just do it on the fly testing. You know, as far as advertising, higher click rates and different forms, and maybe something that grabs different attention. That's something on the ads and then company side. The other thing is, you have to have a good story for your company, good messaging. People buy, I always say this, people buy people, they don't buy a product. So ultimately, they're buying a product, but they'll buy off of the person that they like. And because of when I say person, it also ties into your motion. So they're really buying on emotion. Developing what sets you apart, takes a lot of time. Just be prepared for that. Be ready to invest. And then, you know, here's just a couple things that I would recommend books to read story brand by Don Miller, Donald Miller, actually Verbal Judo that has more to do with tones and reading your customer knowing how to have have hard conversations. Never split, the difference was probably the most important for me by Chris Voss. It's the art of negotiation, and basically where he's telling you to go for a no, not a yes out of the client, and have a reverse psychology, which still gets you the answer that you need. And then the other thing is all marketers are liars. So I picked up this book from Goodwill, just happened to find it. And found it really helpful for the way that I actually sell. It's a marketing book, but it's helpful for the way I sell. And he just mentioned in there that your clients view life through a lens or a frame. And it's your job as a salesperson, as a marketing person to find that frame and address them in that specific frame. So what he said as the title of the book is all marketers are liars. And the second chapter he said, Well, actually, that's not true. We all lie to ourselves every single day. So really, the title should have been we all lie to ourselves, or we're all liars. But he's like all marketers are liars made you pick up a book, because it's the it's the lens that you're looking through. And so that was really helpful for me. And then invest in good marketing that tells your story and don't settle until your goals align with your story. Always shoot for learning stuff and constant improvement. You can't control your clients and you can only control you and your responses. So


Transcribed by https://otter.ai