Speaker 1  00:01
But no, I love that. The the last company that we were at we did, we did specialize in garages, like onsite garages, as well. And we did sell some custom buildings as well, like fully custom. And I'm talking like flat top roof, all cup custom options. Now this is one for one specific client. And that was actually a contact that I had. He's He's local here, business owner here, but he does a lot of entrepreneurial stuff and thinks way outside the box. But anyway, all that being said, he developed his way called a bike shed that's actually livable. And it took me about two and a half years to develop, I used to sell buildings to him with the first company I was at. And then I lost him and I went to the next company, you know, and I, I spent two and a half years getting them on board with our company. And his first order to us was an $80,000 project. And these things are now on repeat. So every single shed is between 80 to $90,000. And it's a 14 by 36. Ship. So they're, they're really involved

Unknown Speaker  01:21
in complicated. But,

Speaker 1  01:23
you know, just saying that can be done on The Shed side, too. But we did, we did offer customization probably on a level that a lot of shed companies don't. So it's my bread and butter in the sales was still just the rat average run of the mill, like and that's honestly what I enjoyed just because, you know, in five minutes time, 10 minutes time, I can actually run through this process and sell it. These other ones are complicated and take me three weeks to build out a quote and track down materials and all of this stuff. So yeah.

Unknown Speaker  02:05
Very good. Well, I think I'm clear on that one. Do

Speaker 2  02:12
I have one interesting question that want to drive by and get your thoughts on? Have You Ever Have you ever tampered with, I guess? Is it the term the correct terminology with customers like reverse? Physical reverse psychology? We're trying to get the customer to be get on the on the defensive. I know.

Unknown Speaker  02:36
Yeah. Just.

Unknown Speaker  02:38
Yeah. Have you?

Speaker 2  02:40
Have you utilized that? Does it work is a risky?

Unknown Speaker  02:45
Yes, I've utilized it. And yes, it works.

Unknown Speaker  02:52
To the extent I

Speaker 1  02:53
mean, I haven't taken it to the full extent we kind of went over this in some of the sales questions.

Unknown Speaker  02:58
But I,

Speaker 1  03:02
a lot of times, I turned my questions in a way that I tried to get the customer to say no, instead of Yes. So coming from the customer, it's no, but it's actually the answer that I want. And so it's a yes for me. So, what it does is instead of forces your customer that you're talking to, to have to say yes, they can now say no. But it still gives you the answer that you want. One of the biggest ones that I used was in the middle of a follow up. And this comes straight from Chris boss, I can't take credit

Unknown Speaker  03:36
for this. But if you can't reach them,

Speaker 1  03:41
you can send them an email and you can just say, have you given up on this project? So if they say yes, you got to know. So that means you can move on. If they say no, it's giving you full leeway to keep pursuing them. Keep sending them follow ups, keep calling them okay. And a lot of times I never use a year I think it was a year in online sales before I use that. And I saw so many responses whenever I dropped that now I didn't want to use it right away. But I would use it at around five or six follow ups and they just kind of went ghosted me and went black. Nothing there. So, I would just say have you given up on this project? You know, Hey, Hi, how you doing? Just checking in order to make sure that you're you're doing all right, you got the quote? And then have you given up on the project? And the amount of times they came back and said no, I'm actually waiting on x. No, I'm actually waiting on a big cheque to come in and it's supposed to be at the end the month are no my family member died and it's going to be you know, I need some time. Well, great, now I'm I'm able to reestablish a new connection with them and start over basically So that side of it has worked. And the other side that has really worked for me is when customers are comparing your product

Unknown Speaker  05:09
with somebody else's.

Speaker 1  05:14
Especially if they're next door, and they can see it. And that's just, it's not so much reverse psychology. But it's more on the fact of, I'm instilling a doubt about the other company into the customers mind, without saying that we're the best. And without saying that they're there, they're not good. And that just comes at pointing out details.

Unknown Speaker  05:41
So,

Speaker 1  05:41
you know, I don't know how much you know about me, but I worked across from the company that I worked for before, and that situation kind of ended badly. Well, the biggest problem for me moving to the new company, was the fact that I didn't know that I could stay neutral.

Unknown Speaker  05:57
So

Speaker 1  05:58
you know, we're right across the street now. All right. When I originally interviewed with the company, I was out, they were in Colorado Springs. And these guys moved, and they were now straight across the street. And what ended up happening in that case is I was really concerned that I couldn't remain neutral if somebody mentioned something about the competition. So it was difficult, and it still was, but a lot of times people would come in and they'd be like, Man, I, you know, there's just something about the guys across the street I don't like or, you know, whatever it may be, and what are you supposed to say, as a salesperson in that case? Yeah, I agree with you. Yeah, here's my personal story. No, that's way that you, that's oversharing, it's not going to help you. But what I did find really helpful in that case, was just to point out the things that made us different, and just say, I cannot speak for the guys across the street. But you go look at the specific items that I mentioned. And tell me what you think, and then walk into their office and talk to their salespeople. And ultimately, you are going to buy from the person that you most enjoy talking to.

Unknown Speaker  07:09
I lost people that

Speaker 1  07:09
way. But at the same time, if I couldn't connect with them immediately, a lot of times, it just meant they probably if I'm the heartbeat of the company, for sake of example, as a sales, it meant that a lot of times we are also not a good fit as a company. That's my specific case, I'm not saying that's the case for anybody else. But I do feel like salespeople are the heartbeat of your company, and will relay a lot of information about the company over to the client, and vice versa. And as such, sometimes they have a really good feel on who your good clients are and who they are not. And so sometimes I know we got ourselves out of a big problem. And an unhappy customer, based on the fact of me knowing the personality of the people we're dealing with and who we actually are as a company to.

Unknown Speaker  08:06
Real good. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  08:09
Talking too much this afternoon. I'm sure there's other people that

Speaker 1  08:14
you're talking about talking too much. I have Mike, where's the questions? So I, so I actually have a question in return for you. Can you delve into reverse psychology? What? Just Just give me a few examples of what you were thinking as far as usage not tell you if I use them?

Unknown Speaker  08:35
So Gabe, are

Speaker 2  08:35
you in the call? I know my brother Gabe. Well, we toyed around with that idea at our booth of the Shed show. And we had maybe a little bit of a different view on that. And it was curious to get your, your take on that. But Gabe, if you got any comments share on that one, as well

Speaker 3  08:55
reverse psychology selling. I mean, I I'm a firm believer in that as business to business. And it goes something like this.

Unknown Speaker  09:07
So if,

Speaker 3  09:11
if I'm going to if I'm wanting to sell metal roofing to a contractor, and I know that the metal roofing I have is superior to what the other guys are selling. I can do typical sales pitch or I can do reverse psychology and I'll do both of them. So the typical sales pitch is hey, man, I got you know, this metal roof in here and, and you know, we do a couple things differently. You know, we, we use like a kind of 500 paint system and you know, that's actually

Unknown Speaker  09:47
what's that

Speaker 3  09:49
are 500 Kind of 500 is is it's what the New York, the Empire State Buildings wearing, it's what they developed back in the 70s. It's the best thing out there is Hard chalk and fake chalk and fade are the two villains and it's, it's, it's superior to what you're using now. Okay? If I'm the contractor, I'm already doing exactly what you did.

Unknown Speaker  10:15
I'm skeptical.

Speaker 3  10:17
I'm trying to shoot holes into this. Okay, now let's do reverse psychology. Hey, man, we've got these these metal roofing panels. You know, I'm not a salesperson.

Unknown Speaker  10:28
Okay, give it your best shot.

Speaker 3  10:30
I tend to kind of talk about the bad things. I mean, I'm a builder. And I'm just gonna be real honest with you. I mean, this stuff is, is gonna, you know, it's gonna chalk and fade. And he said, What, am I gonna beat him if he got nothing? Well, kind of 500? Well, that's the best on the market. Well, yeah, but you know, what, if everything is still gonna chug and fade, yeah, true is is gonna give you the best protection, but it's still going to talk and fade. Okay. The other thing is, that wasn't a very good example. But the difference is, if I stand there and brag about everything that's good at it,

Unknown Speaker  11:14
about it.

Speaker 3  11:15
I, the contractor, am going to find stuff wrong with it. I'm going to prove him wrong. It's a natural human tendency. If somebody says something, we try to prove them wrong. Yep. But on the other hand, if I stand there and say, Well, if the salesperson says, you're going to have this challenge, and this challenge is this child challenge and this challenge, well, I already know about all those challenges. Everybody has those challenges. So I'm going to dig into that. And I am going to discover that his product actually is going to give me less challenges than what I have now. And I'm going to triumphantly prove him wrong.

Speaker 4  11:57
That he has a superior product. Okay, yep. Okay, now.

Speaker 3  12:06
Keep going. I can give more examples. Now that you want me to, but I don't know that explained it to me. So yes, I have used that.

Speaker 1  12:16
Not so much to the extent of giving them all the issues. I would push back on that particular side of it. And I know you use that, for example. So neither here nor there. The biggest thing that I recognized in that is that you on the second one you sold with empathy.

Unknown Speaker  12:39
And the first one you did so in and

Speaker 3  12:44
that was an extreme example, I mean, well, a more realistic example. Go ahead,

Speaker 1  12:49
no, but here's the here's the thing that you did, you put yourself in this in the shoes of the builder, or your manufacturer in this particular case. So you're selling from his perspective. And you can at that point, twist it and say we are the best. And you can kind of jokingly say this like, and this is where I run into it a lot with price objections. You know, if you run into a price objection, you can you can point out some of the things that you do differently, and good and bad. And then you can just say, Well, you know, here's, here's the option, do you want to pay for the bass? Or do you want to settle for something that's a little bit less. But the biggest thing with reverse psychology that I found and kind of your, your example is the fact that it actually changes what you do as a salesperson. And your end result is the exact same, but your approach is completely different. And what it does is it's an empathetic approach versus a approach of I'm not sure what the word to use for it, but it's, it's very, almost abrasive and authoritative, which is the typical sales versus an empathetic approach, which is, you know what, here's the pain points inside the industry. And here's how our product is going to help that. Or here's what you can expect. Here's a realistic expectation, but here's also what you can expect and then followed by the value. That's the biggest difference that I noticed in that and I know it's a reverse psychology, but at the same time, that's how I connect with it as a customer buying your product

Speaker 3  14:30
in this in Yeah, I understand. I agree. It's, I think maybe an example we could use with sheds is getting the shed in the backyard. We can say, Oh, we've got ways of putting sheds into the backyard, you know, you we're gonna have to go through the grass but we've got ways of doing it that that is it's virtually not going to make any problems with ruts or with tearing up your yard Are we can, we've got this thing called a meal. Or we can say, one thing that we're going to have to face reality, where I'm gonna have to get the shed in to your yard. And yards are not made it concrete. And there's the potential of,

Speaker 4  15:19
you know, maybe making a few ruts.

Speaker 3  15:25
And that just kind of stinks. I mean, I wish we could have, you know, drone delivery, but these things are pretty heavy. Now, now, one thing we do is, is we've got this machine, you know, called a mule. It's got like tracks on it, you know, to minimize, and then the customer saying, Oh, well, the other guy doesn't do that. Well, how was he going to do it? Well, he was probably just going to bring the truck and the trailer right into your yard. Yep. As a customer, I like that better than the sleazy salesman that says we're not going to tear up your yard, it's all going to be nice. And yeah, blush right afterwards done?

Speaker 1  16:10
Well, yes. So I probably wouldn't class, that particular thing. I mean, I have a little different viewpoint on what reverse psychology selling is. That's not particularly what I would class as it i, what you're explaining to me, I used all the time, because I would rather set an expectation for you, and we actually over deliver. So I want to set you a realistic expectation. And then we over deliver as a company, which gets us a raving fan, if you go the opposite way. You're not going to have as many raving fans. So yes, like in regards to what you just said about the delivery, I tried to be as upfront with people about that as possible. And, you know, if there was something that was maybe a drawback to our company,

Unknown Speaker  16:59
I would say it in a nice way. I mean, if I knew it was probably going to be something they run into. You know, we had an issue with a delivery driver, let's put that way.

Speaker 1  17:10
And he was great at his job. And his people liked him when he got out there. But the scheduling was a real fiasco. And so, you know, it was one of those deals where I really talked about the customer. And I just told him, you know, like, hey, you know what, this is what we have, as far as scheduling goes, and I was pretty upfront with him. And then I was also very upfront with the fact that, hey, when our delivery driver goes out there he goes way above and beyond and instilling a trust in that particular person. Or if there is an issue, like you're talking about, hey, you know what, there are gonna be ruts. Are you willing to take the risk of this? Or, you know, what, tell you what, when when you get out there and the driver gets out there, you tell him, you don't want any ruts, and he's gonna do his best to make it happen. And he has other equipment along to make that happen. And I'll explain that to him. But setting a realistic expectation was something that I always tried to do. And I never wanted to oversell the product or oversell the company. Because ultimately, I as a salesperson had to deal with all the calls coming back when it didn't wasn't delivered that way. I would rather undersell pick pick the good things that we do well under sell, shall we say? And then over deliver every single time

Unknown Speaker  18:37
Have you ever tried that?

Unknown Speaker  18:38
methodology on price objections? Yes.

Speaker 1  18:46
Yes, price objections, use that methodology. You know, sometimes when a customer goes dark, I used it then, you know, in my email that I said, but there's also other things that I would use it on. Sometimes when you're in the middle of negotiations, especially if as a salesperson if you're given leeway to give discounts or change prices, which I had which was helpful sometimes and sometimes not.

Unknown Speaker  19:20
You know, I used it in those points as well.

Unknown Speaker  19:25
So give us a one minute example of that.

Speaker 1  19:28
On a price objection. Yeah. Okay, so you know, you know, Eric, I love your shirt. I love everything about it, but it is way too expensive. You are. You are $1,500 More expensive than Tasha. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, we Yeah, yeah, we are. And here's, I just have a couple of questions for you. What is your building at Tuff shed come with Okay, well it comes with this, this and this. Okay. You know, what type of roofing do you have on it? Okay, sounds good. You got it? You got a 30 year? Metal Roofing on it? Oh, no, wait, hold up. Can you send me a picture of your quote? It looks like you have three tab shingles on here. Ours are architectural shingles. Little difference there. And I'll point out that a little bit later, but, um, okay. So we are $900 more expensive. You know, I might go over the details of what makes us different. Or makes the other customer, like have this question mark. And just, it's asked in a question form, hey, you know, question, does this tuff shed do delivery? Hey, what type of what's the spacing on tough sheds? Flooring? Hey, how often are the nails? For the siding attached to the skirt

Unknown Speaker  21:00
around the bottom? Let's see. You know,

Speaker 1  21:09
that's just a list of of information. Okay, well, you know, have you looked at tough sheds reviews? Okay, well, here's something you know, you can see that they're at a 3.9 review. And here's something that I can't speak on. But I will tell you about. I can't speak bad about tough shut. By, here's what I'm going to tell you about my company, our company stands behind our project 100%. If there's anything wrong with it, we'll come back out and fix it. I don't know if tuff shed does that or not. But we do. And I know the owners here personally, they work in the back, they work in the office, I've you know, I have personal relationships with them. These guys will go above and beyond to bend over backwards to help you on your product. I cannot sell you on customer service ever. So I can't charge you extra for that you as a customer know that that comes with the building. But I'll tell you this, our customer service is top notch.

Speaker 1  22:14
So you know if price is a big factor to you, and then that's the only thing that's important to you, it sounds like tuff shed is going to be a good option for you. You know of customer service and longevity of your buildings is a good option. You know, you're talking to me, and obviously you like talking to me because you called me back and you didn't just buy from them. So, you know, I'm here whenever you're ready, if you want to make the decision to move ahead, let's do that.

Unknown Speaker  22:40
And then, you know, obviously,

Speaker 1  22:41
if I have a discount that I can offer, I might throw that in there just based on the feeling and the reading that I'm getting from the client. Or I might say I might throw a window in or two anchors or six anchors or whatever to make the deal. And see if that tips them over the edge. That's how I would kind of go down that route on objection.

Matthias Miller  22:58
Objection.

Speaker 5  23:01
You brought up something interesting there, Eric about discounts. And we've been starting some testing on different discounts that help close deals in the pipelines. So if a lead comes in in the beginning of November, there's a deal throughout all of November. And the goal is to get the closure rate. Do you find that there are certain types of discounts in the shed market that really motivate buyers versus you know, just kind of spit in at the wind?

Unknown Speaker  23:27
Well, let me start off by this. I don't like giving discounts. Especially if

Speaker 4  23:33
you are the best. Hmm, interesting.

Speaker 1  23:38
Okay, so if you're the best company out there, I don't like giving discounts. However, as a salesperson, it's nice to have it in the back pocket. sure how you guys do this is up to you. But here's how we scheduled it on my company. Okay, not my company, the company that I worked for. And, and not everybody had access to this, this just came over three and a half years of building trust between me and the owners and back and forth. So they said, Eric, you know, you have the option to give a 5% discount to close a deal. At any point. However, two and a half of that percentage since you're on a percentage basis is going to come out of your pay which I don't like as a salesperson, okay. However, if I really wanted to make a sale, and it was a slow period, it was really nice to have in my back pocket. And they also said hey, you know what, if if there's a bigger ticket item, maybe it has a ton of options. And in the shed industry, most of your money is made on options.

Matthias Miller  24:49
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  24:53
You know, you can ask for a bigger discount if you want to.

Unknown Speaker  24:57
Okay, but what does ask

Speaker 1  25:00
did for me is because it's now coming out of my pay. I knew that the company was willing to do two and a half percent at any time. I could give a 5% discount? Yeah, because two and a half coming out of me, it's five and a half percent fate customer facing two and a half percent of the company two and a half percent on

Unknown Speaker  25:18
me. So

Unknown Speaker  25:23
I started

Speaker 1  25:25
experimenting. I said, Well, I can give you a $500 discount on a $10,000 shed. Okay, because price is a big deal, or how about I just throw in the Windows

Unknown Speaker  25:38
for free? Which is

Speaker 1  25:41
each windows, you know, 80 to $120? Right? Well, ultimately, I knew the cost of those particular things. There's just me because I knew everything on the back end as far as costing, and I knew a certain type of window that most shed companies offer, you know, there's, it's not that much money. And so he was a massive value to the customer. At you know, it was maybe 567 $100 to the customer. Right? So I've never tried to go over the 5% fee. And most of the time, it actually ended up being less than but the value was higher than the 500. Like, it's hard to explain that one.

Speaker 5  26:24
I know what you mean, you gave a discount to a product instead of the product overall,

Speaker 1  26:27
essentially, yes, exactly. And, and all of a sudden, they got to, here's what it did for them. They got to add more options, and get all the options on the building that they wanted for a cheaper price, instead of just saying, What's a $500? Discount? Yep. So that psychological side of started experimenting with and at the end when I did give a discount. And I tried not to give any discounts whatsoever. But occasionally, you know, slow periods, and I wanted to make a sale? I would say 98% of all discounts I did. Were on the option itself,

Speaker 4  27:06
not $1 amount. That's interesting.

Speaker 1  27:14
So that depends on how the company wants to set up, but they're willing to do that. You know, that was just a deal that that we worked out with my customer was with my company that I was working for, and it worked out well for me. I wouldn't recommend I mean, if you're a sales manager, I probably wouldn't recommend just a new salesperson just saying, Oh, here you go. Here's the keys of the kingdom. And we're going to give you like the access to get a discount anytime. I'm probably not what I would recommend from a sales manager point of view. But at the same time, as you grow with trust, and you have a proven track record of being able to close sales and and get good customers where there's not issues, then I would definitely release that to the salespeople or something soon.

Unknown Speaker  27:59
Gotcha. So,

Matthias Miller  28:00
question follow up question with that, what tool did you use to introduce urgency into your sales conversations? to

Speaker 1  28:10
I don't know that I had a tool. But I did in introducing urgency in the conversations as I set dates where I set a value

Unknown Speaker  28:18
on something. And setting dates

Speaker 1  28:25
was probably the most important side of it for me. You know, so we discussed setting deadlines and timeframes. But setting dates based on the timeline, I hear from the customer put all the urgency right back in and it was not urgency that I decided, I mean, it was but you know, ultimately, it came down to the customer. And what I told them was, you know, you want this building in for weeks. You know, we have a three our lead times three weeks right now. So we try to allow for a couple of days of delivery scheduling, which means that you have a week to make up your mind. You're you might be a day, depending on the option. Now if you're talking a big ticket item, sometimes like an office, I would structure the conversation of like more like, hey, when would you like to be using this building for your office? Like, created an emotion of like walking in and being out of the house on the screaming kids? And being like, Oh, I got some silence and I'm working in my office now. Because all of a sudden emotion is attached to it on the client, which creates a sense of urgency as

Speaker 4  29:38
well. Right. That's a great question a way to phrase it

Unknown Speaker  29:48
is that where you're meeting Matt?

Unknown Speaker  29:50
Okay. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  30:00
And then did you guys have as part of your marketing? Do you have promotional promotions that you ran as part of your marketing? Or did you just continue cycle cycling messages and see what was appealing to people?

Speaker 1  30:11
Promotions wise, like maybe maybe we knew that there was a slow time of the year. So the week before Christmas, or two weeks before Christmas, and a January's generally really slow in the shed industry, we might run a discount or promotion, 5% or ramp or whatever, you know. And we did have other things that we the company established to give during a certain time periods. So maybe, maybe December, January was a discount off the shed. And then maybe June, or maybe, February through May,

Unknown Speaker  30:47
was,

Speaker 1  30:49
I think it went by monthly, though. So February, to march, let's say for sake of example, was a free ramp with the order or, you know, maybe you get two extra Windows for free and the next month, and often we're uncertain when you're running a promotion on options. What we found a lot of times that it wasn't really worthwhile unless it was a Money, promotion, like money off. Because what happened is his customer be like, well, you're given that off, how about you just take that off the cost of my shed, because I don't actually want the next few windows, right? So it was, if you're running a promotion as a company as an ad, having like a discount, that's the best way to do that. There's just probably a money side of it. You can experiment with it, but that's the one we had success with. And then I found it reversed. When I was doing the sales, if I had the option to give a discount was better to give a discount on the options. Because I had a really good feel for what the customer already wanted. Before we started talking about the final nitty gritty, like I can't afford that extra 500 bucks. So that's kind of where that different feel comes in. Promotions otherwise, or is that what you were meaning by promotions? Are you meaning like ad campaigns?

Matthias Miller  32:14
I mean, I meant that I mean, you know, time time, basically, it might tie into your ad campaigns. But

Speaker 1  32:19
yeah, that's yeah, that's where my ad campaigns was just, you know, just the wording and the structure of it kind of how that work, where you're running them side by side, not so much promotions, as far as dollar amounts or discounts or anything like that. Now, you can do it that way. I would say if you do it, I don't know if I don't have a lot of good data on it or a success. But I would recommend running a promotion for a specific area based on the clientele in that area. So if it's urban, you know, nobody cares about an animal shelter so much, you know, rural, they, they care more. So maybe there's features that you can offer for that particular building and run a promotion on it to grab people's attention. Urban is going to be more focused to offices and storage and things like that.

Unknown Speaker  33:23
If there are not,

Matthias Miller  33:25
I'm happy to entertain other other questions. Some other questions I thought could be good to go over was are there additional objections that you commonly encountered? And how did you counter them? That's question number one. Question two. And maybe Merson? Victoria, you've got specifics with that. I know we talked about some of those. Number two is, I know you mentioned selling to specific use cases. And are there examples, specific examples of if they wanted this? I would, I would point them in this direction and and again, rescind Victoria kind of leaning on you guys and whether you think this would be be helpful for you guys.

Unknown Speaker  34:05
Yeah, do you guys

Speaker 1  34:06
want to delve into that at all? Do you have any questions on it? Do you face other objections besides pricing or what some of your most common ones?

Speaker 5  34:16
Pricing with too high of a monthly payment is the primary objection all around easy. I actually very rarely hear objections about competitive competitors in the marketplace like they never name them or they never kind of throw it out there like well, this person can do that. It's like it's pretty much it's a flat budget issue. Issue for for most folks pulling the trigger on that. Those that have the money to buy it. They'll buy it, they just they will. I don't know if

Speaker 6  34:46
I will call this an objection but people wanting to wait until the spring time to purchase so it's kind of just like a delay.

Speaker 1  34:55
Yeah, that I laugh is because I'm doing Sass sales right now you have no idea the amount of times people were like, that's their excuse.

Unknown Speaker  35:03
Yeah. Sure, yeah.

Speaker 1  35:09
Those are both really difficult. I viewed the first one, as far as too high of a monthly payment. As a very a, it told me a lot about my customer charge. You know, it's not like judgmental, it was just kind of like, hey, this tells me about the type of customer that I'm dealing with. And it just tells me that, you know, they're strapped for cash, a, they're already considering RTO. So they can't make a commitment to the cash price. They're strapped for cash. So they can make a commitment to $250 a month, okay. So they can still buy the building that way. If you're offering rent to own, and, you know, there's not much you can do if you're on the lowest payment, and it's just still too high of a payment. Besides push them into a different type of building that may be a little bit less expensive.

Unknown Speaker  36:06
And it forces

Speaker 1  36:08
you as a salesperson to get really creative on on what you can and can't do. Building wise to get them as close to as possible is what they want, but still at their budget. And sometimes it just can't be done. And at that point, I still bring up the objection of you know, hey, do you want the best? Are you willing to settle for last? And can you afford the best? And sometimes, you know, and asking, and how important prices to you in that phone conversation that told me what I needed to know. And you know, price is important all the time. And I know that, but at the same time, it gave me a really good feel for the actual customer where they're at. And allow me to know, you know, what questions I actually need to pull out on the financing side. So hey, you know, wow, you know, money is a big deal for me right now. And okay, so are you thinking that you might purchase this outright? Or is it there's a cat, or is it going to be rent out? Okay? Well, if it's rent to own, do you have an idea as far as payment in your mind that you want to do? Okay, well, here's what I can get you for around that payment. But if you can go up to $350 a month, your options all of a sudden expand to all these different things. So now that's a really big positive for them, just to get their brain thinking, because then in that case, you're coming across as empathetic to their situation. And then you're giving them a solution to say, Well, can you free up 50 bucks in your budget somewhere else to put into this building to get what you really want?

Unknown Speaker  37:35
So it's giving them an option.

Speaker 1  37:38
But it is really hard if that monthly payment is still too high. That's a hard one to come back from because they're already on rent town. The only way that I figured out that works is hey, do you have some more money to put up front that would drop your monthly payment? And the only way that you can get around that? Or are they have to step down to

Unknown Speaker  37:57
a cheaper problem? Right.

Speaker 1  38:01
The other thing is it's not direct, but that is a pricing comparison. And it's a pricing objection. Because even though it's a rent to own, it's still a pricing objection, because somewhere they're getting a quote. And I actually went to the extent of if they brought that up, I would ask them, Did you get a quote from somewhere else?

Unknown Speaker  38:23
And if they did, okay, who's it from?

Unknown Speaker  38:27
If you know that particular manufacturer,

Unknown Speaker  38:31
you know the quality of buildings.

Speaker 1  38:34
If you don't know them, you can just say, I don't know that much. But just to start asking them the questions like what sets you apart? Just say, hey, well, does your does the building come with a warranty? Does it come with free delivery? Does it come with shingles on the roof or metal on the roof? Does it have this is that warranty? And just ask them questions like that because all of a sudden they're questioning Yeah, it's cheaper. But you know, maybe these guys have a better product and maybe it is worth an extra 50 bucks that I need to sacrifice somewhere else. Right check. So that's probably how it responded that Victoria What was yours again?

Unknown Speaker  39:10
Pushing out purchase to the springtime

Unknown Speaker  39:17
I don't want to until the spring

Unknown Speaker  39:19
Yes. You need to have a discussion with your company if this is okay.

Unknown Speaker  39:29
Okay.

Speaker 1  39:31
Big get myself in trouble. But can you ask your company? Yeah, if we have them on the phone call so you know, this is their baby too. Are you willing to hold a shed on your lock until spring? And you can either do it that way. Or you can say hey, look, I understand you wanting to wait until spring. Is there a specific reason that you want to wait till spring

Unknown Speaker  40:02
Get the specific reasons.

Speaker 1  40:04
And then just say, Well, here's the drawbacks to waiting till spring, that's our busy time. There's no guarantees, we're going to get it in time. So I'll tell you what, if you have the money, right now, we're willing to take this and hold it and not either A, you could not, we'll deliver it when you want it in spring, as long as it doesn't go past a certain time period. So you can either build it now and set it on the lot. But sometimes your customer doesn't like that, because they want a brand new building coming out to them. So sometimes it's a deposit with a with a delay in the completion and just saying, You know what, I'm gonna get you the deposit. We'll get you on the schedule. It's already in the schedule, and it's processed. But we just know, we're not going to deliver this until until March,

Speaker 6  40:46
not to interrupt you. But we have gone over that like being able to lock in your price and set out a delivery date. Sometimes that doesn't work. So I guess, I guess it'd be like, is there anything other than that,

Speaker 1  40:57
other than that is just trying to get them to see the urgency and getting it right now. And through 2020, and 2021, it was kind of easy to do, still is to some extent, because you can tell them, hey, look, I understand that. But there's no guarantee as far as prices go. And there's no guarantee that you're going to have the money when you need this stuff happens in life. And I don't want that to I don't wish that on you at all. I'm just saying that this is a fact of life, and it happens. So if you have the money now and it's necessary for you to get it, I'm going to recommend that you get it now. And if they still come back as a no, then well guess what you could follow up with them in the spring, it's not lost. It's just it's a delay, and it's frustrating. But those are some of the things that I did. But if you're going through a big pricing change, that's the biggest thing because it affects people's wallets. And they're like, I don't want to spend any more money, I can buy it now. But that's kind of went away a little bit with COVID receding a little bit. So you know, there is that side of it. But the other side of it is, you know, shed companies generally do, I don't know if this is the case for everybody. But across the board, it seems to do that they do pricing changes in the spring and fall, if it's not constantly changing. So if that's the case for truepoint, that's also a sales point that you can bring up to your clients and just say, hey, look, I don't know if we can expect this, but I'm just gonna throw this out there for you. Typically, we do a pricing change if we need to restructure it, and it's done in March, or it's done in August. Okay. It, we may change in the middle of there, too. There's no guarantee, we hold our quotes, we hold our word, you know, you have to create value on that side, but at the same time know that these prices may change. And if you're ready in the spring, no guarantee that this quote is going to be good for you. And it may be $1,000 more.

Speaker 5  42:57
I have a question on the post sale process. So one of the things Matthias has been working on is developing the ability for the guests to leave a Google review. And to really ramp up that side of the internet world. Tori and I on this team, you know, we're we're not pure sales commission people, we're on a client success mission. So post sale, client relationships, referrals, things that we can do to make sure that they are just, they are our biggest raving fans at true point. That's our goal. So do you have any thoughts about, you know, ways to stay in contact with guests post sale that is not sales oriented, but it's more just, you know, a continued cultivation of that relationship so that they're telling their neighbors about us? And you know, they're telling their family members when they get their new shed how happy they are with it?

Speaker 1  43:47
Yeah, that's a good question. Yes, there's a way to do that. And there's a couple different ways. So, you know, Matthias is working on something for Google reviews. And as a personal level as a salesperson, you sold the building? I don't know if you get notifications of when that buildings getting delivered? Yes, we do. But if you do, you can give the customer a call. The data is delivered. When the delivery drivers out there, whatever it is, and just say, Hey, I see that your sheds gotten delivered. Would you be How did it go? Did you like it? I mean, because they're, that's the peak of their excitement is when it gets delivered excellently. Ask them for a review, and not the company for yourself, say hey, can you pop on the website and give me a review?

Unknown Speaker  44:37
You can text them non events

Unknown Speaker  44:38
at that point, right? Yeah.

Speaker 1  44:41
I don't know how Matthias has it set up people can put their name to it. Oh, no.

Speaker 5  44:45
I mean, like, by them reviewing me, they're also reviewing SharePoint. That's what I meant by

Unknown Speaker  44:49
Exactly,

Speaker 1  44:50
exactly. But it's also one of those things that if you do a great job and somebody is looking at a review, they're going to call in and say, Hey, can I talk to her? So can I talk to Victoria I, that's the only people I want to talk to you. So it really helps you out on that side as well. The other thing, if you have a CRM after it's delivered, I would just, you know, you can send them a thank you if you want to. Typically, I would suggest that the company does this. But you know, if you're on a customer success team role more than you do sales, but customer success and role might fall on you as well. So you could send out a thank you. And, you know, maybe the first year out, it could be, Hey, Merry Christmas, you know, something down that line, it's probably what I would recommend, and you can make it personal. And you can just shoot him a text and say, Hey, thanks for buying for me this year, and really wish you the best.

Speaker 3  45:44
Yeah, yeah, leave it at that. It's probably what I would recommend.

Speaker 1  45:54
Yeah, as your pipeline grows, and your sales grow, if you have three to 400 clients out there, all of a sudden, this starts looking like a really big deal. And you're like, I have to spend an entire day to send out this information, and make it personal like, so you know, it does grow over time. And that's why I recommend putting a time limit on it. And then as a company that can actually transfer back to the company reaching back out and just say, Hey, I hope you love our product. If there's anything we can help you with in the future, let us know. You know, things like that. But that that first, you're asking for review, there's nothing that sets the sets the nail and shall we say on their purchase as having the salesperson call back and just say, Man, I'm so happy you bought from us. And for me and I How do you like to share? I hope you love it. And if there's any issues call me.

Matthias Miller  46:46
Yeah, things like that. Okay.

Speaker 1  47:06
Do you have any other questions in regards to customer success or anything like that I frankly, I don't know that I have a ton of experience on customer success. I was a straight commission salesperson. And so, you know, my job was basically quote, sell, repeat, quote, sell, repeat. And if I wanted to add an additional personal item, that's up to me. I wasn't really so much in customer success, although I did take all the customer complaints most of the time, and have to relay those

Unknown Speaker  47:37
over to other people. So

Speaker 5  47:43
no, not right now that definitely kind of take some notes. And keep you posted. We're kind of in the first phase, I would say of rollouts, where we have enough sales in the pipeline to establish building deliveries. And now we're kind of testing the feedback of post delivery experience. And what does that entail? So I think, probably when we speak, if we speak again, and this year later in this year, there will be more feedback along those lines.

Speaker 1  48:07
Yeah, well, here's just something to keep in mind. From my experience in, in sales, and especially online sales, actually, any sales period. The biggest issue is a miscommunication. Whenever the there's a loss

Unknown Speaker  48:20
of

Speaker 1  48:24
communication is one word, but I think it's actually something else. There's there's a loss of ownership, as it happens when it goes from sales to production, and again, from production to delivery. And so a lot of times, it feels like a complete disconnect by the time it gets to the customer. Now, this is a viewpoint from the sales. Okay, so just know that in, especially in the industry, where we're building sheds and delivering them out, sometimes those pain points are the most important parts. It's not even the delivery, it's just hey, I wanted to give you a heads up and let you know your buildings in production. or something, you know, it just means you care, and you didn't lose the whole lack. But a lot of times it does feel like that. And then if there's an issue between the shop, maybe we as salespeople put something in incorrectly, or you know, an item is late coming into the shop, you know, it's backordered well, sometimes that doesn't often get communicated very well. And then we get to customer calls. And the customer is ticked off and it's late and for some reason, somewhere, communication went haywire, and they didn't get communicated with, okay, where are the guys that are receiving that call? So that's sometimes a hard spot spot to be in and just know that it happens and know that those are probably pain points that happened across the shit industry, anywhere that you know, anywhere that you make a sale, and then it goes to production, and then delivery again.

Unknown Speaker  49:53
So gotcha. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  49:57
Yeah, and it takes time you build a pipeline. Um, to experiment with different stuff as well. So sometimes it's just, you know, boots on the ground. Let's just get it going. And then let's then let's try to, you know, fix our techniques and figure out what we do better. So, right

Unknown Speaker  50:24
a lot of great information. Oh, I can apply. Oh, go ahead, Michael. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  50:29
No, that's okay. Calvin, are you on the call?

Speaker 4  50:37
Matt, you're muted. Calvin. There. Yo, yo, Kevin.

Unknown Speaker  50:42
Yes, Michael, I'm on the call.

Speaker 2  50:44
Hey, haven't heard you talk too much today. Didn't know if he had any.

Unknown Speaker  50:50
Make sure you get an opportunity to ask questions if you have any.

Speaker 7  50:58
No, I don't think I really have questions. i It's probably information overload for me.

Speaker 1  51:07
Well, I don't know if that's good or bad in your particular case, because for me information overload means I never processed it, and I just throw it. So that can be good. It can't be bad, I guess.

Unknown Speaker  51:22
I mean, I

Speaker 7  51:22
thought it was really interesting. I mean, I would admit that sales is not my thing. But it was still interesting to listen to experienced people in the field. And, yeah, there's some information that I got stored away. So I didn't totally block it all out.

Unknown Speaker  51:47
What is your position at the company? Calvin?

Speaker 7  51:52
I'm the owner of the company in Indiana. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  51:56
Let me ask you something.

Speaker 1  51:59
Here, what's the biggest pain point that you have with salespeople?

Unknown Speaker  52:08
biggest pain point?

Speaker 1  52:10
Yeah. What's your biggest frustration with salespeople? It's not your salespeople, just salespeople. And it probably is your salespeople too. But

Unknown Speaker  52:22
oh, I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  52:25
If you don't have any? That's great. We'd like to hear that.

Speaker 7  52:30
I mean, I haven't anything specific in mind.

Unknown Speaker  52:35
So no, I just

Speaker 1  52:40
I sometimes ask the question. Just because I like to hear feedback. I have a sales perspective. And I look at a company through the lens of sales. And sometimes I may not, I had some, I had some job descriptions when I was doing sales that was actually more extensive than that to where it's more of a manager part. But I also knew a lot about production and delivery, the whole backside, you know, production. And

Unknown Speaker  53:12
I, I'm biased

Speaker 1  53:13
to the salespersons view, okay, because that's what I am. But at the same time, I recognize some of the frustrations that come across from the, from the back and as the owner about their salespeople and sales team. And I'm always interested in hearing about it to know how that I can either address that personally in my own career, or that I can address it whenever I talk about things like this. So that's why I asked the question

Speaker 7  53:47
I think Wayne's on here as well. I don't know what does he have any question that he would like to ask?

Unknown Speaker  53:51
See your I haven't hear me.

Matthias Miller  53:57
Oh, you're on. I haven't seen you. Welcome. Welcome. You've been lurking in the background.

Speaker 4  54:05
Oh, yeah. Just listening in you know. So Eric, what is the biggest pain is? Somebody keeps on bugging me. Those sales people can go fly a kite. What are they bugging you about? Well, you know, if I say no, or I'm not interested, and they send out some mails, I'm like, seriously? Just get out of here.

Unknown Speaker  54:38
Is that happening for me?

Unknown Speaker  54:41
No, it's not happening.

Speaker 1  54:44
Well, some of you guys are in my software pipeline. So I don't know who it is. But that's why I asked if

Speaker 2  54:55
I got one yesterday, I think it was Yep. Yep, you did. But You're not but you're not you're not bugging me. Okay, I find it interesting.

Speaker 1  55:06
No, I saw your name or there's been a couple of different people who'd I run into at the shed Expo. He's, he's from Jersey from Puerto Rico.

Unknown Speaker  55:14
He said he knows you guys. I want to say his name is Ron or Robert.

Unknown Speaker  55:25
Was Ronaldo though as it may be from? Okay. Yeah. Brazil.

Speaker 1  55:30
Yeah. Brazil. Thank you very much. Yeah. Anyway, I remember him. And yeah, he talked to me just briefly. And it was it was telling me all the all the backstory about you guys. So.

Unknown Speaker  55:43
Yeah, no, I

Speaker 1  55:44
get that pain point. Wayne, I really do. I, you know, as far as bugging you, I think this happens for me. One of the biggest things for salespeople is if you receive a no, take it, take it as value. If they're interested, they're going to reach back out a lot of times. And we have to be okay with that. No, sometimes and there is a time where it's a soft, no, and you can push it. So Wayne, maybe you need to get specific. If you haven't, I've never I'm just joking about that. But I

Speaker 4  56:22
know, it makes sense. That's just my perspective. On sales myself, and I mean, I definitely did have somebody who said no, you know, I've come from a different direction. But no, that's just me. Not everybody's like that.

Speaker 1  56:42
That's, that's fair. I, I'm a salesman, I

Speaker 4  56:46
really like to respect their comments. That's definitely, I think that's definitely a plus in in selling.

Speaker 5  56:55
You said something about tone, which I thought was interesting, Eric, and one of the things I absolutely hate about sales is that smooth talk. And it's really interesting to adopt something outside of smooth talk and being more Curt, and straightforward and blunt. And like, do you want this? You're not this dude. Like, it is a breaking out of the mold of what maybe was traditionally like the salesman or saleswoman type of conversation. And man, it's almost like it's, you have to shut it off. And then just let it take a whole different pathway in communication with people.

Speaker 1  57:35
Yeah, that brings up a really good point. So I, I struggled with that. And then I started getting more and more people contacting me that were just super blunt. And actually, it made me mad. I'm like, this is I'm not this

Speaker 4  57:51
type person. Okay. Well,

Speaker 1  57:56
all of a sudden, I mean, I experimented with it. And I was like, Well, let me just respond back the same way. You had all of a sudden it connected. And it was like,

Speaker 4  58:04
okay, yep. As salespeople,

Speaker 1  58:08
you're fighting the, the preconceived notion or the What's the word for it, but you know, the profile of your smooth talker?

Speaker 4  58:17
Yep. Immediately.

Speaker 1  58:21
I don't like to refer to myself as a salesperson. I'm just, I'm here to help you. I'm

Matthias Miller  58:26
an associate, you know. Yep. But

Unknown Speaker  58:31
allowing,

Speaker 1  58:32
giving the customer really good feedback. And if they tell, you know, accepting the know, and just saying that, I get that. Here's just something to think about. But I'll respect you know, how it builds so much trust for that client, because all of a sudden, they're like, Hey, he gave me space. And he didn't come back with this really, whatever, like pushy sales, which tells me, You know what, in the future, I want to do business with that person. He gave it to me straight, she gave it to me straight. And they gave me the information that was necessary. It was really helpful. They educated me, they gave me a solid price on my timeframe. And they didn't try to, you know, ignore me and push away my objection, they understood my objection, right. And now all of a sudden, this is the person that is in the top of my mind when I want to give a call back when I actually need the building because he didn't try to push what I what I was trying to get across. Well, let me ask

Speaker 5  59:30
you another question on getting people to call you back. Just really quickly on that one. When we're online, people are only going to either write our phone number down, save it in their cell phone, or they have an email to go back to their to me sometimes, you know, I'm that lady that keeps all the business cards everywhere I go, I go to a farmers market. I need an eye first and I've got like a pile of them on my refrigerator. But do I ever call them maybe I mean, but it's like six months later. So I'm wondering on from an online perspective, Surely online perspective, what is the best calling card to leave someone so that it doesn't get lost? And that they do call even six months when their email boxes, you know, 2 million more advertisements that have come through? What do you have you had anybody say like, I saved your number here, or there's no more business cards like,

Unknown Speaker  1:00:21
Okay, I struggled. Yeah, I have business cards, too, I hate them. And I look at those differently. And I just tossed them, or I give them to some kid that collects them. So

Unknown Speaker  1:00:39
here's what I did.

Speaker 1  1:00:42
Every email that I sent out, had my email and phone number attached to it at the bottom as a signature. However, I very, I would say, 90% of the time, at the end of my email, I just say, Oh, here's your quote, I go over the explanation, or I do a follow up and just say, Hey, you got any questions? Here's my number. And write it down again, at the end of that sentence? Yes, in the body, yes, in the body. And then the other thing is, you know, this is where text would be really handy. If you, I would.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:17
If I reached out my number type of thing,

Speaker 1  1:01:20
if I reached out to a customer, I set my I set quotes and everything be a business, via email, with everything attached. And then sometimes my follow ups, I would just say, Hey, buddy, how's it going? I didn't do well at it because I didn't like text. But I did a refinance on my house last year. And the mortgage guy that I thought should be really professional, okay, is reaching out to me on a bi weekly timeframe, whatever it is, and just saying, Hey, bro, how you doing? I'm like, what, you know, because I know who I mean, I know who he was. But I wasn't used to somebody on a what I would call a professional level. Just being like, Hey, bro, what's up? How you doing? Anything I can help you with. That's, that's as simple as it was. And we'd end up having a conversation and just being like, you know, I'm running behind on paperwork. And, you know, I'm slammed at work, and I haven't been able to get you the paperwork for the refi. I work on it. But you know, don't expect this by this week, it'd be next week. Well, he built a relationship with me. And guess what? I'm having to go through a refi again. And he's the guy I'm calling, because all of a sudden, it's like, well, he treated me well, the first time, but you also reached out and sometimes in the past, you've been like, Hey, bro, Merry Christmas. And that's it. So I have his number. I saved his number. I'm interested because it was a product that he was offering and something or a service I needed in that particular case. And but I kept them more personal. I wasn't like, Hey, can I help you on this quote? Hey, follow up with me. Hey, give me a call. It was more like hey, how's it going?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:03
Just just wanted to say hi.

Speaker 5  1:03:06
That's good. It might be something I need to do more when I'm kind of like wrapping a conversation with someone who's also shoot them a text just to say no, thank you for your time. And you know, anything else pops up, say my number kind of thing. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:03:18
And I, I used phone call instead of texting. People can use text or vice versa. But you can use that after you send them a quote and just say you can send the quote in the email and then just shoot them a quick text and say, hey, hey, bro, I who however you want to turn that is I just sent you the quote. Let me know if you didn't get it. And let me know if you got questions. And a lot of times they're responding back to you via phone or or text in that case, which is a lot more personal to them than email. That's cool

Unknown Speaker  1:04:08
Are you gonna strip away their chicken in the oven and I thought I smelled it burning.

Speaker 1  1:04:14
Always, always the fun stuff of working from home. It's just like, Are you kidding? Oh my goodness.

Speaker 5  1:04:20
Well, I did it low and slow on like, we all broke for lunch like oh, just put the chicken in for dinner now and then like, oh, boy, smelling very ready

Unknown Speaker  1:04:34
cool. Yeah. What else you got? Matthias

Speaker 1  1:04:38
I know you and I always have these conversations and they go and Bunny trails all the time. So I know you have questions if nobody else does. Oh, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:04:46
it's great. It's just going to allow space for that. I think one of the questions that would be helpful for me as well would be I'm roughly familiar with story brand we've done story brand on I don't know that we've ever done story brand But I've never been involved in surveying and for truepoint going around to other places. And I'm curious, from your perspective, just what's an example of what, what a story sounds like for a shed company. And you know, some of the key points here being we focused on quality, we want the customer experience to be good.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:19
We're gonna make sure you're taken care of. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:26
So I

Speaker 1  1:05:27
would say that the biggest thing is, while that's all true about your company, how does it actually apply to the customer? That's the part that's the fun part of the story that you guys have to create is, yeah, your quality your, your, your good company, you stand behind it, but But what does that actually mean for the customer and creating a storyline for that. So that could mean, you know, here at truepoint, we really care about our customer. So if something's wrong with your building, we'll come back out and fix it within this timeframe, or we'll give you money back, or we'll give you whatever will replace your building. Okay? That's how it affects the customer. If you're building value, and you're building a story, it's more in the fact of, hey, this is what we offer as a standard for for our business. And here's what it looks like for you. You don't have to worry about upkeep on your building, you don't have to worry about this, you don't have to worry about this, check your computer and be bold and just say go check out the competitor. And you'll see

Unknown Speaker  1:06:28
a lot of people will go by that. Make sense?

Speaker 1  1:06:32
Yeah, creating a story is more about how to take your product that you're offering and your values as a company and how it actually applies directly to the customer experience. And the customers perspective.

Matthias Miller  1:06:48
If I had to break it down into two pieces, take it first. Always take it from this vague, nebulous. Everybody says all these general isms, but few people are willing to offer specific guarantees. Yeah. Which has been one of the things I've been we've been, I've been grateful that we've been able to do. I think it's, it's beneficial. But then and then part two is let's go reframe that from the perspective of the customer. And this can be as simple as what you shared, or it could be as in depth as well. What's your life? Like? If you have that guarantee? What's your life? Like? If you don't? Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:21
that's kind of spelled it out.

Speaker 1  1:07:22
Yeah, really, really kind of dig into that a little bit. And then, you know, we'll just use three tab shingles for sake of example, just because I'm on that kick right now. I mean, shoot three tab shingles don't last as long, they blow up a lot quicker. You know, if you're using an architectural shingle, it's it's one particular shingle, you know, you can go into that, and what that actually looks like, so, hey, are you are you tired of missing shingles? Are you tired, crawling up on your roof and replacing them? Here's the quality of the material that we offer. And that, that means that you never have to crawl back up on your roof and take care of any of this. All of a sudden that clicks inside of their mind is just like, okay, that makes sense. That's why I would buy this building, it's not because your quality is so great. You're telling me about your quality, you gave me a reason how it affects me that I no longer have to worry about curling up on my roof and fixing this. Because you can drive down the road and see any amount of sheds that have done damage done to them. And most of it's done through weather and wind and you know, whatever it is. So if you can, you know, spin that story on how it's going to affect your customer great.

Matthias Miller  1:08:37
It's actually ties into another question that I had that I don't know that we got into, I think you actually got into this a little bit when you were in Colorado, but different people have different use cases, storing Christmas items, storing, putting one mores in sheds a entertainment, place, a pool house, a tack shed, you know, whatever the you know, fill in the 101 different things you might use for it. And, and any specific things that you discovered, in your experience doing online sales that you that based on determining what they wanted to do with it, that you adjusted your approach, and how did you do that?

Speaker 1  1:09:19
Yes. Good point. I forgot you asked that question. So when you ask the customer, what they're using it for, is a really deciding factor for what type of building to start selling them. If you ask timeframe, right around that same time you can you can really specify which building that you sell off of your inventory a lot as well. But if it's a custom quote, for sake of example, in this case, and then I was so differently, it'd be like hey, I'm looking for a guardianship. Oh, awesome. Okay, we can help you with that. Is looks important to you or you just want really basic one? Well, I want it to look cool in the backyard. Okay, so that ultimately told me that maybe it's not my, my basic model, I need to sell them the second model. So I'm already going there. And then I start asking him details.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:14
Okay, you know,

Speaker 1  1:10:16
how important is it to you to have windows? Like, how many windows do you need unless you want a lot of light. Here, this particular building comes with two, two or four windows in it. I'm going to assume that because you have a garden shed, that you want a lot of light in here and you're probably going to want to Workbench as well. Is that correct? Okay, yes or no? And then okay, well, let me get you how much Workbench do you think you're gonna need? Or how many windows? Okay, well, I want the whole south wall to be all windows. Okay, great. Well, I'll tell you what I can do. I can't allow for a full glass panel, there's going to be a six inch space between the windows, but I'll put as many windows in as we can properly allow for. And let me let me build your quote on that. And then where do you want the shelf? And how

Unknown Speaker  1:11:03
long do you want it?

Speaker 1  1:11:05
Okay, on the other side of your building, so you said that's the south side? Which side is facing your house? Okay, well, the north side. Okay, great. Do you want a Windows on that? Okay. Sounds good. You want to Windows? Okay, perfect. Tell you what you said that you like the looks of the building, you want it to look cool? Do you want to go ahead and add some flower boxes, and maybe some shutters on the outside of that? It really set it off? Okay, well, that's not important to you what tell you what I'm going to add that into the quote, so you can see what it looks like. Okay, and you can see the price, if it's still not important to you, no big deal, I'll remove them. I don't care. But I'm gonna send you a picture what that looks like. So otter is already there dreaming about what this is going to look like I gave them what they needed and also applied what they want it. Now they have to come back with the whole thing of is it in my budget? If it's not, then we can start talking about subtracting

Unknown Speaker  1:12:02
items. In the same phase of

Speaker 1  1:12:06
that, if they said, you know, I'm looking for storage, and I'm putting a four wheeler in the back, okay? Ultimately, a four wheelers important, we use this before about the waterproof floor and the type of door. Well, maybe instead of my standard shed, I'm going to sell them on the garage. Because if you're getting good at something that has a roll up door in it, there's a good chance you're going to be storing some heavy items in there. So maybe we need to think about upgrading the floor. Maybe we need to think about this. And I would just bring it up just hey, are you planning to store anything heavy in there besides the four wheeler? Okay, well, are you going to be taking it in and out in the wintertime? Or after it rains? Okay, well, great. Well, we need to worry, you know, I would suggest a waterproof floor. Now if that's important to you.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:51
You know,

Speaker 1  1:12:53
and I sell per usage case of the building and then I upsell them that way. You know if they want that built if they want that garage to look cool. Okay, well, we can add the certain types of doors on the outside that have windows in them. That looks a little different than your standard shed. We can add windows with shutters and flower boxes. If you like flower boxes or just shutters. We can add a cupola up on top, you want that quintessential farm look, we're going to add a cupola up on top that helps with eventing as well. That's how I would sell those particular usage items. If they're worried about Christmas items. It's going to be you know, how many shelves can you get in here and how the shelf actually works with my boxes? And can I reach the Christmas tree that I stored up in the loft? Okay, that's all stuff that you need to address in your sales pitch based on their usage. Accents.

Matthias Miller  1:13:48
Others? So unrelated question. It's something that we've covered some internally, but I would love to hear your answer to this as well, is for RTO sales. Sometimes people get out their calculator and they say, oh, so for an RTO building, I'm going to be paying, you know, almost double what the price of the building is. You guys are crazy. You're stealing from me? Why would I even buy? Why would I do RTO? Did you encounter that? Or the things that you did to avoid that conversation? Did you frame that frame it differently? Did you explain the situation to address it in some form or fashion?

Speaker 1  1:14:22
Question? Yep. Yeah, so here's what happens in that case. I need to rent a home but you're saying that my $6,000 building is going to be 14 grand 12 grand actually is generally what it runs out. 13 Depending on your term.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:43
Yes, if you take it to the full term. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:14:47
When they asked about rent down, I asked them about to rent to own if they were going to do it. Then I would just say hey, you know what? Rent town is the most expensive way that you will ever purchase is doing, and I would tell them

Unknown Speaker  1:15:01
right up front. And then I would explain it to them. So

Speaker 1  1:15:09
here's how it works, you can do a monthly payment, this really works. If you can't commit to $5,000. Right now, we're at, we've all been there, it's okay. I mean, it's not a big deal, you can commit to earning 50 bucks a month, I can get you this building to 50. If you do take it to the full term, you will pay. If it's $5,600, you're gonna be paying $11,000 on a 36 month plan. If you go 24 months, you're only going to be paying $7,200. That's two year plan. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:44
Now, there are

Speaker 1  1:15:45
no penalties for paying this off early, you can do so at any time. So guess what you can get into this building today for 250 bucks. And let's say that you get a really good tax return next year, you can dump it into this, and you can purchase it. And I don't know how this works for your rent, okay, but for mine, it was you can purchase this building as a lump sum, and the only additional amount you would have paid would have been the payments that you've made already. So a portion of that payment goes directly toward a rent to own fee. And that's really only the additional amount that you would have been paying in that particular case. Now. If you take it to the full term, yes, of course, you're going to be paying $11,000 It's the same thing, you know, you get up a financing rate, you're going to have interests, you're going to pay more as well. This is set up that way. It's just a set fee per month. It's not an interest rate, but it's a set fee per month that's coming out that goes directly to the rent to own company for for owning the shed and carrying the balance is basically how that works.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:50
Changed. Um,

Speaker 1  1:16:52
there was another point to that, that question you ask?

Unknown Speaker  1:16:56
I think what it was,

Speaker 1  1:17:00
yeah, I found that being the most being as upfront as possible about how expensive rent town was going to be was most helpful. And then people walk into it, knowing exactly what they're getting into. So it takes up doesn't really take away all that objection, but they at least understand it. They have a knowledge and they walked into it. You know, knowing full well a decision they made.

Matthias Miller  1:17:25
It avoids. Go ahead.

Speaker 1  1:17:27
Yeah, I was just gonna say which in turn is going to cut down on the calls your rent down company, which they always appreciate.

Matthias Miller  1:17:35
Yeah, understood. And I think the worst possible feeling for customer would be to have a partial understanding. And then there are people who post on Facebook and community groups about how RTO is a ripoff. And if that's how they learn, if that's how they find out about it, they're going to end up feeling quite betrayed by the salesperson in

Speaker 1  1:17:54
the company. Absolutely. And I I always tried to explain this in the fact of hey, you know, RTO is a really handy tool. And it's, it's expensive, okay? But if you need a building and you just don't have the money, this is the best way to do it. Or, you know, if you have standard financing maybe that is the best way to do it and you want to offer that to them, that's fine, but you know, there's couple different bands that you could go on that but just be upfront with them, let them know it's it's an expensive tool to use, but they can get what they need at a low monthly cost and they can afford that same thing as me I can't go out and buy a $400,000 house right now. But can I afford a 16 $1,700 payment a month? Well

Speaker 4  1:18:37
probably so there's that it works very much the same way

Matthias Miller  1:18:44
Did you ever do any price anchoring so you're running out of space in your I guess it's probably ends up being quite specific to what the person is looking for. You're running out of space in your current property. Clearly it's out of your budget to go upgrade to a larger you know, larger house larger property. So versus versus larger mortgage, larger mortgage versus doing our to to get a building on your property so that you can stay here for kind of a price anchoring against a

Speaker 1  1:19:14
alternative. I didn't really run into that. Most of the time. The reason the customer was reaching out for storage sheds because they already ran that. They're like well, I can't afford another property and can't afford to move and the timings not right. My kids are in the school and I like it. Okay. So they're already looking for an alternative which ends up being your shed. The price anchor is is more in the fact of well, when your wife keeps backing out the new car and it bumps over the trashcan and puts a scratch on it, you want that to keep happening. That's where your price anchor comes in most of the time in the shed industry from What I've discovered, so it's, it's more an experience that they're that they're having to deal with. And anchoring against that and like a mortgage or, or something like that. Because, frankly, these days you have a scratch in your car and you go get it removed, it's what 1200 bucks. That's kind of expensive. And that's a big deal to a lot of people. So you can, you can spend 1200 bucks, 4200 bucks, and all of a sudden gain another 200 square feet of storage, and you don't have to worry about this. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:20:40
Anybody else have any, any questions to wrap up, we're getting close to the top of the hour, I think we're gonna try to wrap it five. So that five Eastern, there we go, we all have things to get back to.

Speaker 4  1:21:05
He, I definitely think with the notes

Speaker 5  1:21:09
that I've taken from today, there's a lot to go through and put into practice. So I would definitely love to see us be able to incorporate some of these segments into our morning meetings as a team, just to make sure we're, you know, kind of activating our muscles in some of what we learned. So it doesn't just like you mentioned, you know, that 20 minute, that 20 minute attention span we have, we have exceeded so now we have to revisit learning it, the practice.

Speaker 1  1:21:36
I'll give you a story about that 20 minute thing. And that doesn't help the situation now if you're checking out. But I want my company that I was working with was like, they bought a like a presentation. And they made the entire company go through over a weekend. And I have never been so bored in my entire life. I'm like, I have way better things to do with my weekend than to sit here and listen to this boring presentation that is not helping me out on the sales side. And anyway, so my attention span was super short. So I understand that.

Speaker 5  1:22:21
Oh, cool. Appreciate it. Well, thank you though, for L of what you've provided us, I felt like it was very valuable for the team. So thank you so much.

Speaker 1  1:22:29
Yes, absolutely good to meet both of you. Matt's talked about you guys sometimes. And so it's good to meet you both. And wish you both the most success in what you're doing. You guys are on the right track to get there. And yeah, it's sometimes a long step. And it's difficult. And I just, you know, sometimes you want to just pull your hair out and say I'm done. That's just how it feels sometimes.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:56
So, yeah, just, it

Speaker 1  1:22:59
is a lot of work to get used to. But it's funny when when you finally hit on something that works for you, and you start to see the success, it gives you a lot of excitement, because you know that you can replicate it and do it over and over again. So awesome.

Speaker 6  1:23:12
Nice to meet you, Eric, thank you so much for your time, and this information will definitely be applied.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:17
All right. Awesome.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:18
Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:19
Good deal. All right. Good. Anything else

Matthias Miller  1:23:25
from Michael, I see you're still on the call. So I want to give you a chance if you're still still on any closing comments. I

Speaker 2  1:23:35
appreciate it immensely. It's been very, very helpful. Absolutely. Michael has been able to, to go through these questions and get answers from the guru himself.

Speaker 1  1:23:50
Guru is sometimes a stretch, because I'm always on a learning curve. And here's the other thing that I didn't bring up, and I mentioned it a couple of times. But here's the thing with online sales and sales processes. I'm a big believer in the fact that what works today may not work tomorrow. So I'm constantly looking for feedback for the information that I give to you guys to make sure that it is still working, because it worked for me. And but I do know that the market changes so quickly that I do not want to give out information that's no longer relevant. So that's a big deal for me, and you know if it isn't relevant, and I want to know about it, so thanks, everyone. Thank you, Matt. much. Appreciate it. Thank you, Gabe. Thank you, Michael for having me on and Victoria and Marissa. Good meeting all of you guys. So


Transcribed by https://otter.ai