Matthias Miller  00:00
By the way, online sales, any questions on that?

Speaker 1  00:03
My question was, you know, online sales, the the bullet here is from limited marketplace. And my question is, you know, with an unlimited marketplace comes the challenge of qualifying those inquiries. And so I was just wondering about, like, if you could talk a little bit more about qualifying leads, I think one of our questions that we had pre posed was casual shoppers in the world of unlimited fishing poles, kind of, like what is that? Sure, if you could share more about that I'd be really interested in. Yeah, I'm just kind of learning that.

Speaker 2  00:40
So I'm gonna ask you a question in return. Yeah, for sure. What do you classed as a qualified or as a casual shopper? Like, oh, what I mean by that is, is are you? Do you have a problem? Let's let's take it a step back? Do you have a problem contacting these customers? Like getting them on a phone call? Or an email? They don't have any response? Or can you get them on to a phone call or an email or text or whatever, start a conversation? And then they just like, while I'm shopping around?

Speaker 1  01:17
Yeah, it's a bit of both, I would say, Eric, there's a struggle to get people to connect and engage, once they fill out, we have a form that they complete. Some people actually put in their form, you know, why are you looking today? Just browsing is their answer. So there is a pretty clear observation that there are casual shoppers. And we've kind of thrown the idea out of you know, how much energy and effort you put into trying to be that casual shopper as opposed to just okay, we'll look at a number, you know, make them happy with a quote that simple, you know, something like that. So that was me?

Speaker 2  01:55
That's a good question. So yeah, you're right. It's an unlimited pool. Yeah. But there's a lot of casual shoppers, too. I told you that. That online is like I want it and I want to know,

Unknown Speaker  02:08
that is true. However, there's

Speaker 2  02:10
casual shoppers, too, that are just browsing. Here's my question currently, to you all. If, for sake of example, if they say I'm just browsing, how do you respond to that customer right now? There's no rights or wrongs, I'm just saying, I'm just asking.

Unknown Speaker  02:28
Currently, we

Speaker 1  02:28
throw them a simple quote, based on what they filled out in their form. So if they said they want a 10 by 16, shed, we just keep it real straight and simple. And we send them you know, an image a quote, in a quick, you know, if you have any questions can be caught. We don't ignore them. Well, you but it's simple.

Unknown Speaker  02:45
Are you calling them at all, we will in follow up,

Speaker 1  02:49
but we'll at least I have been D prioritizing those and maybe giving it some extra days, you know, when I have time, everything else is hot button ones are

Speaker 3  02:58
taking care of? Yes, same, I will call them but I find myself reaching out less than other folks.

Speaker 2  03:05
So I would, I would challenge you on that, to actually possibly do a call first. And then do their email. The reason like I found success in that you can test it doesn't mean that you have to do it that way. I found a lot of success in it.

Unknown Speaker  03:26
Because,

Speaker 2  03:29
okay, the call came in, or the email came in the form came in whatever it was, my process remained the same whether it was a really hot one or a really cold one to me. And I knew it because of the type of lead form that came in. So at the time, we were doing a pricing guide download, which the customer had to put in their name, their phone number, email. And that's it. So actually, I think they've had the zip code of where they were located. Well, my, my phone call to that guy, the first thing that I did with any of people, whether they build a quote, asked for a quote, or they just did the PDF was, hey, it's Eric with, you know, XYZ, and I'm just giving you a call, I saw that you download the price guide. Let me know if you have any questions on that. XYZ and then what I would do is I'd follow up

Unknown Speaker  04:24
with an email you're muted. Here, you're okay. I'm sorry. You're good. Okay. So

Speaker 2  04:39
that was my process across the board now. With the email and the phone call if they didn't get back to me because it was a price guide. They were typically my 1% type of leads like they were casual shopping. They wanted the full list of price they weren't ready to make a decision. And if they didn't, never responded to my phone call or my email I made gave him a call the next day. But then they got put on to a email drip campaign for us, which was just about product information building value. It was what set us apart from our competition, it was pictures it was, you know, things like that. So they were automatically getting reached without spending my time. Okay. But whenever that customer called back in and actually asked me for a specific quote, they got removed from that. And I immediately responded to them like a very hot lead, like, oh, yeah, I got you that lead, I saw that you entered our system before. But it kind of helped me sort all

Unknown Speaker  05:38
of that out. So that's where I would just

Speaker 2  05:43
challenge you possibly think about giving them a phone call first, and then following up with an email because it gives you a personal touch. It's it and they may not like that, and that's okay, you're going to know that because they're either gonna give you a call or a text back, which is a little more personal than an email. Email just goes Do you mind if I apply for to accompany and I don't want to hear from spam spam, you know? And, you know, it happens. But But that's, that's my thought process. People do it via text as well. So

Unknown Speaker  06:16
if you can get them on the phone? Or if they answer,

Speaker 2  06:21
after you've kind of determined they're an online casual shopper, if you ask them the correct questions, you can often get them to give you more information that tells you that they're not actually just browsing, they are looking, they don't want to make a commitment. So that's the biggest thing is they don't want to make a commitment. And if you're caring and understand it and respond to them in a caring way, a lot of times those casual shoppers will convert to actually a serious one doesn't mean that you're gonna get a sale right away. But a lot of times it happens. Does that answer your question?

Speaker 1  06:56
Yes. And something you mentioned was about when they filled out their inquiry form, they were receiving a pricing guide in return. So there was a bit of a they put in, they get out? Did you find that to be something that was? Was that just something that companies structured as a part of how they handled leads? I see that a lot when you fill out like, what's your email address, we'll send you this great, you know, budgeting tool, or, you know, guide for meal planning. It's an instant delivery, like there's a result on the edge as opposed to just here's my info. And I'm waiting for an answer. Yes. How beneficial was that? Did people comment on that? That helps our conversations.

Speaker 2  07:34
Yeah. So in online sales, I'm gonna say that everything is well, okay. Our world today is instant gratification.

Unknown Speaker  07:43
I want it

Speaker 2  07:46
now. I mean, that's just me. I want I want what I want, and I want it on my timeframe. So if it's today or next week, it's not I don't care. Okay. If I'm going to go onto a website, for a product that I'm looking for, and I asked for information, I better share his hand get that information, or my credibility in that company is lost. I don't care if somebody reaches out to me and says, Hey, got your inquiry? Well, you still didn't give me what I wanted. Like, why would I do business with you, because that tells me up front that I don't want to do business with you. The price guide was a was a way to collect leads for us. That was set by the company. And it being the right way or not is kind of a moot issue. It was a grab where, you know, customers would come on, they could view that we didn't have prices listed in inventory listed for sale on our website. So they could come on and view the products. And they could either go on and design a quote and ask for a quote that way. Or they could download the entire price guide. So that's what was happening a lot of times they download the entire price guide for all the different styles instead of going in and actually creating a quote, which, in turn put it right back on me as a salesperson actually reaching.

Unknown Speaker  09:08
Yep, that makes sense. Yep.

Matthias Miller  09:11
Got a question on that point. So was there differences in effectiveness of a, here's a price guide. And here's all the that versus somebody specifically configuring a building and getting a specific and then and a difference between them configuring a building versus just getting a single price for something that they saw on the website? Yeah.

Speaker 2  09:33
Yes. And this goes to your testing. So a couple different things you can do. I don't know a lot about advertising. I just I can tell you from the sales perspective. So we had the price guide. We had a couple of landing pages. What else did we have? We could they could design the quotes, which were generally the hottest lead if it was coming in via email, but a lot of time I would get a quote request, they're requesting a quote on a specific building. So that could be a landing page to it's kind of similar what you guys have set up, they're actually requesting a quote on that specific time. And those were my, I would say, those were my hotter leads, I had a chance of getting them on the phone, or responding to an email or text, whatever it was, were higher than the PDF price guide downloads, those were the PDF price guide downloads were like a 1%. Lead. And they they were they filled up the bottom end of the pipeline, in a campaign like an email campaign to just slowly be established as an ideal customer, really easiest way to explain that. So my 1% leads went into the bottom or the big, top part of the funnel to just feed down into the small ones where they're making a sale, actually. And we just viewed it that way. We didn't waste time as a sales team. We didn't waste time on those people and less, you know, after they got what they wanted, and we called them and our conversation was very much the same as a hot lead versus the one percenters. If they never responded to that, it kind of told us where exactly they were at. So they went into the top of the funnel. Now, they may contact me a week later, or fill out another form for some reason.

Unknown Speaker  11:26
And I call them again.

Speaker 2  11:28
And now if if they did that, if they filled out 10 different forms in two weeks, no, I'm not contacting him every time if it's the same form. But if it was, they filled it out one week, and the next week, they did the same one. And I called him again. And I did the exact same thing and said, Hey, by the way, I saw you downloaded another price guide.

Unknown Speaker  11:46
What can I help you with and left him a voicemail to or a text if you if you guys want to do that. All of a sudden their

Speaker 2  11:57
credibility goes higher, because for some reason, they came back and visited my website again. Why? So it doesn't tell me they're just casually shopping anymore. They're actually kind of serious about this. So I need to spend a little bit more time if they're reaching out again.

Unknown Speaker  12:14
Does answer your question, Matt? Yeah, okay.

Speaker 2  12:20
I'll expand on that a little bit more. So landing forms. We had landing forms for, for specific buildings in specific areas. So we were targeting, like, let's say, a farming community with more animal shelters. And that was always done with testing. So we did an animal shelter form and a different type of wording on it. And then we would do one run, run, run right beside it. Almost always, we're running to side by side, so that we can see, does one perform better than the other? And if so, okay, we're going to remove the old one, or tested in a different area. And we're going to create a new ad or different type of form for this specific area to see if we can hit a different market.

Matthias Miller  13:04
So just as a example scenario, I mean, we've got specific buildings on the website, here's this model. And here's a, here's a, somebody requests a quote on that.

Unknown Speaker  13:15
You would, would you? Would the,

Matthias Miller  13:19
would you still wait for a salesperson to get back to them on the price or as soon as they filled out that landing page, to him interested, it would shoot over the price to them at that point, and they would

Unknown Speaker  13:27
they would go from?

Speaker 2  13:30
Yeah, I would recommend shooting the price. Well, you can do this differently as a company. So this is this is a it's really going to come down to company policy on how you do this. And you may want to test this to see if you have a better result if it gets if they get a quote immediately. Either way, the sales needs to remain the same. Whether they get the quote or they don't get the quote, the sales, people's responsibility is to still reach out. In my particular case, they would ask for a quote and they got one automatically. I got a notification. I saved it on my end and I called him and said, Hey, I saw that you got a quote. Or you build a quote out what do you think on? Do you have any questions? Oh, well, I didn't get it. Well, you know what you should have? Let me send it over. That way you have a paper copy you can print this one out. It's not a link it's not you know, whatever it is. But your process on the sales end should be the same whether they get it or they don't get it

Unknown Speaker  14:32
Yep. Any other questions

Matthias Miller  14:34
on the way online sales or any follow up questions to implement

Unknown Speaker  14:39
any of those questions that we just covered?

Speaker 4  14:44
I do have one that's around the mentioning earlier conversation. This last conversation about the drip campaign the you know the

Unknown Speaker  14:56
wealth elite

Speaker 4  14:57
or tire kickers whatever, yeah. Casual saw First, I think there's there were mentioned, putting those on this drip campaign. Thinking about that a little bit? Should Is there a specific process that should be considered and utilize for utilizing the drip campaign for the people? So should everybody be immediately eligible for drip campaign? Or should it be some kind of process of determining of only agile shoppers getting that be monitored and turn on and off at some, you know, with some indicators? Or maybe just talk about that just a little bit?

Unknown Speaker  15:41
Yeah, no, that's, that's a great question.

Unknown Speaker  15:45
And, okay, so

Speaker 2  15:48
when I say drip campaign, I would say it needs to be available to everybody, whether they are a really casual shopper or not, but you need to have the ability to turn it on to them. So and remove them at any point. So if you have a CRM usually allow you to do that.

Unknown Speaker  16:09
And my,

Speaker 2  16:12
when I was doing sales, what I call the hot leads, anybody asked him for a quote, or designing a quote or call, and I actually quoted them the product, they would never go on that drip campaign. Unless I, I lost contact with them. And I could not get them back on, I still respond to them. Normally, I still, I still reach out to them via email, text. And depending on your CRM, you can actually set that up for me it was automated. So our drip campaign was automated, in this particular case where my 1% leads, because I knew the type of form that came in. And, you know, I was assuming some as well, and the company assumed some, but these leads that came in what happened is I would give them a call, and I'd send them my regular email. And I would turn them on to the drip campaign immediately. Because I knew they had a low percentage chance of actually getting back to me. And what I discovered we sent out, we set it up. So that was an automated email that went out one every one a day for the first seven days.

Unknown Speaker  17:24
And then it was I'm sorry,

Speaker 2  17:27
it wasn't seven days, it was five days I for kind of forget the term, but they got hit every day for the first week, basically. And then from there, it went to about three days out. So every other every three days. And then I went to one a week, to one every two weeks. And we basically kept it at one every two weeks. And these are all like value related to your shed. Hey, you know, the, I mean, you can set this up how you want to, but this is this is really in a technique of the story you're creating for your company. But what you want your company to be known for. And what you offer, these are, this is the content that's in this email. And it's like, you know, hey, we give this type of delivery. And we are we give a warranty. And we give this and we give this and oh, by the way, our buildings come with a roof included, because guess what, you know, Lowe's and Home Depot have their basic models that they list all over for $4,000, but doesn't actually include shingles, you have to buy those separately. You know, things like that, that actually build values, which you're going to be wanting to do. So if you create these correctly.

Unknown Speaker  18:42
If it's a product value

Speaker 2  18:43
information, your salespeople can actually go in and click one individual email. If they're even on a phone call, or they're in an email, and this customer asked for specific information, you already have developed an email drip campaign, all you have to do is take that one email and send it to the customer. That applies to their question. But it doesn't mean you have to turn them on to the to the campaign itself. So it's it's really easy to do that. Really handy as a salesperson just to streamline that process. And then you can always like expound on the email too, because you can edit it, you can just say, hey, here's the information in the picture that we that you asked for a specific answer to your question. Here's what

Unknown Speaker  19:28
you can type out whatever you want.

Unknown Speaker  19:32
Does that answer your question? Good. Does so

Speaker 4  19:38
that's one more question on that. If we have a hypothetical, so we have a

Unknown Speaker  19:46
number that

Speaker 4  19:49
we considered a casual shopper. He was let's say he was a casual shopper and we turned the auto responder on and he was on there for four weeks and then He becomes interested in active and feels person starts interacting and having like active conversations exchanges of email, text or whatever phone conversations. And this is went on for two days and it's becoming very active like this guy is becoming a customer that's going to buy soon. Should the auto responder continue? Or should that being thing be silenced? And it become more of a personal interaction? That question one? And Question two is, there's a lead form form comes in and we determined this is the same person that's very actively engaged, and we can see is probably going to close in seven days or some is that a customer that should also see drip campaign? Or he should?

Unknown Speaker  20:52
Never know?

Speaker 2  20:56
Yeah. That's a good question. Both of those. So question one. If that customer after four weeks, like, let's say, he's your casual shopper, he actually converts to saying, yeah, he wants a quote, and he becomes pretty serious. And I made a practice to remove them from that campaign, and respond very personally with it. Because at that point, that campaign is pretty much done its job. And now it's on me as a salesperson to actually take it to the next step and close it. The same thing goes for question number two, is if, if that casual shopper that type of form that comes in, we would just looking at the form we would classify as a casual shopper, but we call them in our process, our initial process was the same. And they contacted us back right away and asked for a quote or ask for something else, then they don't go on that campaign, they are a hot lead at that point. So you're responding to them on a very personal level. Now, after the cake, or after that happens, maybe this person, may he was really hot for the first two days, for sake of example, first week, and then he drops completely off? Well, I'm going to follow up with him personally for a little while. And maybe the next week or you know, two or three times. And then if I have no response, no communication whatsoever, he goes on to the to the campaign again.

Unknown Speaker  22:21
So that he's still adding

Speaker 2  22:22
value. Yeah, so he's still he's still getting value about what you as a company are offering. He's still getting value on The Shed itself in your case. But it's not taking a lot of your salespeople time. So it allows them to really focus in hard on those people that are actually having a conversation with him.

Unknown Speaker  22:43
Good, yeah, appreciate that. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  22:50
And here's the other thing,

Speaker 2  22:52
you're not gonna get that right every time and you got to be okay with it. Sometimes, this happens in a phone call, it happens on emails, it happens on lead farms, you're gonna just misread it completely. You may lose it, hopefully you can, you can win it back, I have a I have experiences of people. And I can tell you day in and day out, I know exactly when I lost that project. And it's because I didn't respond correctly, or because I did not listen enough. And I didn't respond on their timeframe. I didn't respond on how they wanted to be responded to.

Unknown Speaker  23:28
And I lost them because of that.

Speaker 2  23:31
For at the shed Expo for second example, and I said this at the expo, but

Unknown Speaker  23:36
you know, we had a

Speaker 2  23:39
we're at the booth at the silent got to do software now. And we're at the booth and this group of guys walks up to me, and I was talking to some of my teammates, and Associates. And they walk over to me, and they say, Hey, Eric, come over here to talk to these guys. These guys

Unknown Speaker  23:56
want to know the price. And so

Speaker 2  24:00
I immediately sum them up by watching them or talk to the others. And I didn't even know their conversation. But I walked over and the first words of his out of his mouth is how much does this cost? And I'm like, well, it costs this, this and this and this and just snapped the numbers off. So the software that I sell, is really comprehensive. And it usually takes me if I do a demo on it usually takes me about on a short timeframe, 45 minutes to an hour and 15 minutes

Speaker 3  24:30
after I explained the price, the internet at the expo was

Speaker 2  24:34
bad and ours is a cloud based system. So it was kind of an issue and you know, took slow, and I knew this and these guys were like, Alright, tell us why we need we need to buy your product. Give me a demo and a rundown of your product was in five minutes

Unknown Speaker  24:50
that will sell us on this. And I wasn't able to do it.

Speaker 2  24:56
But they asked me and they were OK with that but kind of put them on the edge. Just a little, you could tell it was partly probably because of me and my body language what I was feeling. And I was frustrated that the internet wasn't working and you know all that. Okay. But they asked me a question at the end. And I gave him a no answer because it couldn't lie. And he said, You know what you did great on your presentation. And you did great on the pricing. And you did great on this. But your answer was a no. To this specific thing, and if you would have worded this differently, we would have bought from you guys. So you can often point back in sales anytime you can point back to a specific thing that you did something incorrect. And it may be after the fact. And it's not, it's not wrong as a salesperson to reach out, after they give, you know, within an hour and just say, you know, I apologize, I didn't respond to that correctly. Are you still interested if I if I do this, and this? And it's hard to do, like, sometimes that customer has been really difficult. And all you want to do is go flatcar? Like, see, I don't want to do business with you. And sometimes that is actually the case. Sometimes they're not good clients. But sometimes it is okay to call them back and say, You know what, I realized that I completely screwed that up.

Unknown Speaker  26:15
Don't do anything to make it right.

Speaker 1  26:18
Especially I had a question on the next slide about physical products. It's a challenge. Where they can't touch the doorknob. They can't open the windows. They're trusting us for everything. Yeah. So my question is, you know, we have invested the, well, Michael will send out a packet of materials if requested, we want to see the metal siding samples. Do you want to see the vinyl siding samples? We'll get it in their hands? Is there anything that's worked for you as far as getting something physical? We've talked about mailers, we've talked about, you know, how, how marketing pretty does it need to be for them to actually type something and actually consider buying it? So I'm curious, like, How far have you walked down that lane and what's worked for you?

Speaker 2  27:04
Okay, that's a that's a, that opens a whole kind of work. So. Okay, so here's my question to you, do you do you have any access to any type of inventory,

Unknown Speaker  27:18
remotely close to you?

Speaker 1  27:22
The clients do. So they, they we have, if they're in North Carolina, they're going to go visit the builder lot that is, you know, kind of ingrained with the understand this is an online customer, they can drive up, we can see it, they can touch it. But that's for a limited circumference. That's for driving distance. So there are folks further out, you know, there are folks that South Carolina that folks all the way out in Virginia, and they maybe don't want to take a four hour drive. Yes. So it depends on where they live.

Speaker 2  27:56
Well, yeah, I live in Colorado. And you know, everybody's used to driving, like at least two hours for something here.

Speaker 3  28:04
But so, in answer to your question,

Speaker 2  28:10
there's a couple of different ways that you can do this. So you're going to have really cool marketing pictures. And I'm just going to push back just a little bit on really nice marketing pictures all the time.

Unknown Speaker  28:20
If that's all you said.

Speaker 2  28:24
I liked it. I'm always pushing for nice pictures, nice marketing pictures, nice everything, okay. What I mean by that is really good lighting.

Unknown Speaker  28:32
So they can see details.

Speaker 2  28:34
And this is where I sold, the company that I sold for had satellite lots, which basically meant that we had one or two buildings located on that they were not they were unmanned, and have a salesperson in specific areas where the customer where I ran into the ones that just couldn't see the product, they wouldn't buy the product unless it was a touch and feel I would send

Speaker 3  28:54
them to that location. Now I'm gonna say something

Speaker 2  28:59
really risky and Matthias and Gabe can shut this down completely. So sometimes, I sent them to the competition. And by that you got to be really careful with this. So if I had really good pictures of my product, as far as the interior, what it looks like, and I had a conversation, like they were they were, they were just that they just, they couldn't say yes without walking into it. Okay, sometimes I would send them to a competition that I knew was not manned or managed very well. So there wasn't a person there a salesperson that they would run into. And I would go over the details of our building and say, look, and I would make sure that this was really similar types of building product as well, so I wouldn't just send them to any Joe Schmo company out there. So there was details that I had to keep in mind, but sometimes I'd be like, Hey, why bunch, we've been talking about the quote, I've sent you pictures, I've told you everything about our product, the quality, what we stand behind, I know your touch and feel. If you are not willing to drive for two hours to come check this out or four hours. We have a lot here. If you're not willing to do that,

Speaker 3  30:20
then how about you go down to tuff shed? That Home Depot? You know what I've told you, and just look at their buildings. And it, it doesn't help because

Speaker 2  30:35
they're like, I mean, sometimes it's a touching field situation. And they're like, oh, it's tuff shed Hmm. You know, but based off of what I've told them, and my experiences and, and feedback from customers, and especially if you have reviews on your website, where they can go in and read this as well.

Unknown Speaker  30:52
But they'll walk into

Speaker 2  30:53
tuff shed and all of a sudden they feel the floor bounce, and they're like, nope, see you later. Okay, automatically, they're buying from you. Because you have built trust, and even though they haven't felt your product, you've told them that and they walked into your competitor, that's not as good. So you got to be really careful about how you pick that out. I would rather in your case, recommend for for Gabe, in this particular case, if you're selling in different locations where you don't have any physical inventory. See if you could possibly establish a network of previous clients that are okay was with somebody stopping out to that place.

Unknown Speaker  31:32
Wow, that's a sweet idea.

Speaker 2  31:37
So I would recommend that because then you're going to get customer experience real life. And I don't know how you're going to do that, you may have to pay these guys a little bit of something or give them a gift card or I don't know what you do your referral program, but allow them to be able to come out to your property and the location,

Unknown Speaker  31:54
one that you've sold, and

Speaker 2  31:57
that they've had a good experience or they maybe had a bad experience and the company has stood behind it and fixed it. Now. Now it's a good experience. And they're happy with their product, you just have the people come out visits. If they're okay with that, that's going to be way safer than sending them to competition.

Unknown Speaker  32:16
But I have done it in the past.

Speaker 2  32:19
But you just you got to really point out your strong points as a company, really get them sold on that. And then they have to mention Well, you know, I'm just not not okay with buying before I touch and feel. Unless you're willing to drive. That's kind of the downside of buying from us. As of right now, because we don't have a physical location. But you can go check out the competition, see how it does not feel? How it does not look how the quality is not great. And just make sure that you know your competition well enough to point out all the flaws in that

Unknown Speaker  32:52
not as a company, but

Speaker 4  32:56
very interesting point that you you bring out there, what percentage

Unknown Speaker  33:01
of people

Speaker 4  33:04
did you find not comfortable purchasing, sight unseen.

Unknown Speaker  33:10
Of all the people that I talked to,

Speaker 3  33:14
in about three and a half years. The ones that mentioned it, I had probably between 15 to 20. That's it.

Speaker 2  33:27
And I think that really goes back to that really goes back to my company really spending a lot of investment on building trust on the website and the front end and customer reviews, were they really focused a lot of time and energy to build that so that the customer when they popped on your website, they're already thinking, man, these guys are expensive, they have a good product, they got good customer reviews, well, that takes price shoppers out somewhat, so you're gonna lose some clientele, but your clients that do call in are going to be a lot more serious because they already know what you're offering.

Speaker 4  34:00
So that percentage that you mentioned 15 to 20% does this hold true? For the people you said all the people that you talk to? Does that percentage hold true to the people that closed?

Speaker 2  34:16
Oh, that's okay. So you're saying out of the people that had a objection to not seeing it physically?

Unknown Speaker  34:22
Does it hold true to the closing rate?

Speaker 4  34:28
Sure, so. So 15 or 20%, that you mentioned, like if we only spoke about the people that bought from you and bought from you. Does that percentage, like how much impact did that have on him? Here's

Speaker 2  34:46
what I discovered. So it's not 15 to 20%. I'd say about 15 to 20 people in three and a half years that I've talked to like out of all the people that I talked to 15 to 20 people really complained about not having a physical access to the product. So So it was actually pretty low

Unknown Speaker  35:01
for us. Oh, wow.

Speaker 2  35:05
But we also saw, like I said, we had some inventory, like one or two buildings located, you know, they were 6080 miles away from us. So it kind of gave us a little bit of an edge, we're not dealing with 100%, what you're talking

Unknown Speaker  35:19
about. But at the same time, I

Speaker 2  35:23
had people call me that said, I'm not willing to drive that far. And it was, if they said, they're not willing to drive that far to go look at our building, then it was generally a lost sale. So I had to figure out a way to meet or make them go to the competition. And by I don't have good data on on the closing rate on that if they did, but at that point, if they're so far away, and they're not, for us, they weren't willing to drive two hours or three hours to come look at a physical building are even some of them were super picky. And they were like, I'm not driving an hour.

Unknown Speaker  36:01
If I couldn't close them on the value.

Speaker 2  36:04
It was it was one of those things that I knew I kind of assumed that it was going to be a lost sale. And it was frustrating, because I'm like, man, if we only had something closer to show them. And so that's what really started me down the line of like, can I build enough trust in this customer build enough rapport, that they trust me, but it's just that one little thing that's going to tip them over the edge, then I'm going to send them to my competition that has a really crappy product? And, and let them go walk in and experience that feeling? And then they can understand why we're charging extra and look at our reviews? I don't think that really answers your question. But I don't think I have enough data to tell you whether that directly

Unknown Speaker  36:49
affects closing rates.

Speaker 4  36:52
One of the reasons I was asking that was, we are at the beginning of 2023, looking into some planning for 2023, I was considering of further expanding, you know, our, our presence, physical presence capabilities for across our region, customers actually being able to physically go to a location and physicals here product, if they want to, and how much value that's going to actually drive to closing sales in sort of surrounds them so well.

Speaker 2  37:27
I know there's a couple of companies that don't have any physical location, and they're rocking it. But it really comes down to the story that they've created. And it comes down to somewhat the the type of people they're selling to. So that depending on the area that you're selling to that that does factor in there. And here in Colorado, where I'm at, is in where I mostly sold was along the I 25 corridor, which is north and south. So the whole way from Cheyenne, Wyoming down into Trinidad,

Unknown Speaker  37:56
and New Mexico.

Speaker 2  37:59
And Colorado Springs and North is known to be fairly techie. So, you know, we had that market, as far as online sales go, sometimes if you're selling into rural areas, you're gonna be dealing a lot more with these clients that have to touch and feel. In which case, it may be really, it's up to you guys. But maybe you you find somebody that's willing to say, hey, you know what, pay me $200 a month, and you can put two buildings on my property on man, these be a good location, you guys gonna need to do some research on that. But maybe put one or two buildings in there and test it out and just say, hey, is this helpful, and we get more sales. Ultimately, if you have two buildings on the lot in Nigeria, one or two more sales that kind of paid for itself based off of that, but, you know, obviously, you have to take into consideration your profit margins on that to gain but you know, you could test it and just see if it improves it for you guys, if you're running, especially if you're running if you're selling into a lot of rural areas, and you're running into a lot of complaints about, hey, I got to touch and feel this. Yeah, that also tells you a lot about your demographic of people that you're hitting on your ads, and the air you're selling into.

Unknown Speaker  39:19
Good.

Speaker 4  39:20
The one little interesting point that you pointed out as earlier was was for, you know, the interesting subject of referring people to the competition selectively, very strategically. And you mentioned Home Depot, so they've never given it much thought but you know, Home Depot, your I buy the sheds, and they're practically 100% on man, virtually, you know, so.

Unknown Speaker  39:48
Pete It's interesting to

Speaker 4  39:51
do metal with that just a little bit on the side.

Speaker 2  39:55
Yeah, they're usually unmanned and they are usually not in the back shape. So they've sat there for a while they're faded there, whether they're missing a door there, you know something. So, you know, be a little picky and choosey if you decide to go down that route, because it is taste, taking a risk, you may take the risk of that their sales guys walking around out there. And all of a sudden, you may lose a sale.

Unknown Speaker  40:22
So if you can pick and

Speaker 2  40:23
choose that, but yeah, I generally tried to pick a lot that was unmanned. If I sent somebody to it, I didn't send them to my direct competition unless they were already comparing prices. And then I specifically pointed out the differences between us and that, that

Unknown Speaker  40:38
particular supplier of the product. Tuff shed is massive, okay.

Unknown Speaker  40:46
And so a lot of people will compare your prices to chop shed,

Unknown Speaker  40:50
because it's easy to get to.

Speaker 2  40:52
And they're everywhere. They're Home Depot, and they have their own lots of old stuff. But there are certain ways that you guys build your buildings. I think Matthias is went over this a little bit with me, as far as how you build your buildings that are going to set you apart from tuff shed. And if you actually, they're not seen by the customer, if you actually explain them and what they do. A lot of times, you're gonna build value and trust as a company and as a salesperson as well. When you point that out and explaining what that actually does, like, oh, well, you make your floors out of wood, and they have a rim joist around the outside, which allows you to not only nail your walls down through the floor, but allows you to, you know, fasten your siding to the exterior more often than 24 inches, which is all you can do on tuff shed.

Unknown Speaker  41:41
So don't you

Speaker 2  41:43
have a stronger wall system? I mean, these are things you need to know about your product versus your competition.

Matthias Miller  41:51
And we're into efficient selling principles.

Unknown Speaker  41:55
What questions do you guys have

Matthias Miller  41:57
about this one? I actually did have a question that I submitted it was question number three in the document.

Unknown Speaker  42:03
The number of of

Matthias Miller  42:05
leads that one person can manage on average, and you're saying 10 to 15 a day. And you're saying that includes new leads as well as the active pipeline, the number of follow ups that you've

Unknown Speaker  42:17
that you're? Yeah, yeah. Okay, that's a good question. This varies by, by salesperson. I'll just tell you where I like to be.

Speaker 2  42:33
When I was doing short sales, I wanted between 15. And between 10 to 15. New leads a day. And I could reasonably handle so when I say new leads, that's meaning I'm making phone calls I'm making, I'm sending out emails, initial emails, and I was doing around 20 follow ups a day. That's what I could support. Now I would have rather had it be around 15 follow ups. Okay, because sometimes these follow ups are really, actually you spend more time in a follow up than the initial phone call. Sometimes. And it's not that you're spending more time on an actual call, sometimes you're actually spending more time redesigning a quote or, you know, something like that. And so, you know, anytime that I went over 20 follow ups a day with 10 to 15 new

Speaker 3  43:24
calls. I was pulling my hair out. That's just me. Now, if you

Speaker 2  43:30
have one to two calls, or one to two new leads, then you can have no more follow ups. But my question in that says, unless you're closing those follow ups, and they're actually serious, it'll burn you out really quick if you do not have a new fresh lead coming in. So for me, the ideal I would have, I think, ideally, I would have liked to had 15 to 20 a day. But there's a Mac. So there was one one Monday that I walked in, and I had 60 new leads, and I had 30 follow ups to do well, that completely jacked my entire week up because it was it, I couldn't get through the new leads until Tuesday, which meant that I had to skip all of my follow ups that roll into Tuesday's follow ups, which was 20. So now I've got 50 follow ups to do plus 10 to 20. So you got to kind of run that equation out a little bit. But for me, I liked very, very easy to handle was 10 to 15. And I would not have said that was the case until the last year and a half, two years where I got really comfortable in a system figured out, Hey, this is the amount of time that I could spend and get the information necessary. So when you're starting out, sometimes it's going to look a little skewed. But as you get into the process, you're going to be able to handle more and more. Some people if you have a really good process, I know that I could have handled more if I would have had a system that my quote system would tie into the CRM and that I would have had a seamless way to create orders after the quote and take payment I did not. So I spent a majority of my time processing an order after it was sold, so 15 to 20 minutes for me to process an order after it was actually sold. If I would take that out and say that was seamless, well, how many more people could

Unknown Speaker  45:15
have handled it.

Speaker 2  45:18
So it's it's very open for interpretation and open to your systems as well. There's no cut and dried, but I just like, What I liked was yeah, like I said, anywhere between 10 to 15, new leads a day,

Unknown Speaker  45:32
and 20 follow ups. Total.

Matthias Miller  45:38
Other questions on efficient selling principles?

Speaker 1  45:43
One for the trust building relationships. So this was brought to my attention on slide 12, where we're talking about, you know, always build trust, always build trust. Yep. Very tactically. My question is, how do you approach doing that? I think everyone has a little bit of a niche and how they go about tackling that. But when it's only your voice, and it's only that phone conversation, like, how has that been efficient for you to do that?

Speaker 2  46:11
Sometimes I don't know how to answer these questions. Besides asking you a question in return. It's fine.

Unknown Speaker  46:23
How do you build friendships? Personally,

Speaker 2  46:27
I don't need to know. But how do you build friendships? This is a business friendship, that you're building a business relationship, it's going to be down the same line. And this really comes down to the questions that I asked. So those, I never really realized the importance of those initial questions in the first phone call. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  46:49
Until the last year.

Speaker 2  46:51
And that's when I saw probably the most success for me. Everything that I did in my sales process is based off of those questions. So if the customer responds back very curtain abrupt, I'm not, I'm not going to waste my time trying to sell them on.

Unknown Speaker  47:10
on everything that we offer.

Speaker 2  47:13
If I do that, I'm actually losing trust from them. If I can respond a little bit, okay, I can't step completely out about who I am as a person they use, you can't do that long term. But in a phone call, sometimes you can. Sometimes you can say, Well, look, and you can still be yourself. But if they're really blunt, and you respond back, you also know that this customer may not be interested in all the details you have to offer. Right? If you offer that. And that's just my perspective. And this is how I worked everything.

Speaker 3  47:49
If I couldn't mirror somewhat, what they are projecting

Speaker 2  47:55
this getting into the psychological side of it, but like, if I can't mirror what they're projecting over to me, I'm losing trust with them. Because there's not a connection, if I can connect on their level on some way.

Unknown Speaker  48:10
I have to find it. And sometimes,

Speaker 2  48:13
I may get a feel for it and the first phone call. And I may have whiffed, the second phone call will tell me that or an email will tell me that I that. I wish that was also part of the reason that I did a phone call and email so that I could like kind of compare the two of them side by side. Like, here's what I heard on the phone. But these guys respond completely different via email, like who are they actually? Right.

Speaker 1  48:36
But on that go ahead emails versus phone calls to Tori and I have found that we were initially we were really struggling to get people on the phone when we call first really struggling. And then we flipped the script. And we started emailing first with the numbers, giving them some numbers, and then we will get them on phone. And I'm wondering, you know, was there maybe a method we were missing? In calling first ways to leave voicemails tones in the voicemails or that promising leading question to get them to call you back? How do you do that?

Unknown Speaker  49:12
You know? Okay.

Speaker 2  49:14
So what you saw may actually be the answer to the question that you'd asked me before, of sending out something automatically to the customer. I don't know if you guys were doing that. If you were not that would directly correlate with you having more success with sending an email with numbers and then a phone call. For me, we all we automatically sent them something so the phone call was immediate. Okay, so there's a difference if that might factor in there.

Speaker 3  49:45
As far as your first phone call, mine was cut and dried,

Speaker 2  49:48
like honestly, it's like, hey, it's Eric over here at whatever I saw that you downloaded our price guide. I just wanted to reach out to see if there's anything I can help you with. Call me if you have any questions. Here's my number one Look, yep. And then I would follow it up with my email, which already had my contact information on it. So, hey, I just left you a voicemail. Let me know if you got any questions, here's your, here's your price guide again, if I wanted to attach more pictures, but ultimately, your customers want something out of you, that's why they're calling you. It's why they're contacting you, if they're not getting anything would probably directly relay into your, like how you're not getting any responses.

Unknown Speaker  50:28
And tones

Speaker 2  50:34
wise, if it's the first phone call, and you're just leaving a message, it's just like, hey, I'm here to be helpful, is really what it is.

Unknown Speaker  50:41
I probably found

Speaker 2  50:46
just thinking back on some of my experiences I probably found after I started asking the question

Unknown Speaker  50:55
of how soon do you want this building

Speaker 2  51:00
really helped me understand how to build trust with the customer?

Speaker 3  51:05
Because when I asked that question, it gave me a timeline. And it set an expectation for the relationships. So if I didn't ask that for a long time. And then at the end of that phone

Speaker 2  51:21
call, I would actually ask them to do the initial phone call, I would actually ask them if they told me that they want it quick. I would give them an option and say, Okay, do you want?

Unknown Speaker  51:29
Do you want to buy this today? Okay, do you want to move forward with this today? You

Speaker 2  51:33
want to experiment with that? There's, there's all kinds of things people say that you should you should ask people like do you want to buy today? Do you want to get started today? So like, figure out what works for your clientele as well. And then what works for you. But establishing where you're at, like the grounds will build the trust across the board. So

Unknown Speaker  51:55
if if it's

Speaker 2  51:59
if they mentioned they're not ready for a couple of weeks, I'm not gonna ramrod information down your throat. Like it just it's a it's not true to who I am. It's not the type of person that I am. But be, I also don't want to overwhelm you and force you into something because at the end, if I'm forcing you into something, how happy are you actually going to be with it?

Unknown Speaker  52:21
And sometimes I

Speaker 2  52:22
would actually share that with the customer. I just be like, hey, you know what, I can ramrod this information down your throat if you want to.

Unknown Speaker  52:29
But, you know, I

Speaker 2  52:32
don't want to be that I'm not that type of person. I'm not a pushy salesperson, this is who I am. I'm here to help you. Give me a call if you have any questions, yada, yada. And then that's how I would respond to everything like, Hey, do you got any questions on this quote? You know, based on the timeline that you gave me, are you? Are you ready to move forward with this? And then I would just reaffirm the timeline that we gave, and it just that constant communication and being being this same across the board with this customer? Just builds the trust. I don't know how else to explain it. That's a long winded answer. So,

Speaker 1  53:08
no, it was a great one. And you had asked us the question, you said, you know how many times you're reaching out to someone in a follow up method. And I think we all kind of have our own number. I know for me, I reached out six times and then seven starts to feel awkward. It's like, okay, but if I push to seven, based on the principles you're sharing, that's better. You know, what was your number? As far as how far was it for you before you got uncomfortable? You have to cross that line.

Speaker 2  53:35
That's great. Okay. When I first started with the company, I did three to four follow ups

Speaker 3  53:40
at it before Interesting, okay. Yeah, and I

Speaker 2  53:45
and then my sales manager or the actually owner was like he was all into the Grant Cardone CARDONE University for a while, and he's like, I gotta listen to this. Well, what he did was put the company information. And so anytime that Grant Cardone and his associates called, I got the call. So I was already kind of pissed off about it. And so, he was like, Yeah, this TEDx thing. You got to do it, Eric, you just got to do it. So I started experimenting, and I went to five and I went to six and I went to seven.

Unknown Speaker  54:18
Yep, I went to eight. At some point, okay, I didn't feel comfortable after four.

Unknown Speaker  54:28
Yeah, see, we're already beyond

Speaker 2  54:29
I was beyond comfort. However, I never started hearing a complaint until around 810 Interesting. If your customer tells you that you're following up too often respected. That's what I had to say. If they tell you to shut up and stop then you for sure better shut up and stop. You're not going to win anything by going on now. If you want to reach out, you know, six months from now, or four months from now.

Unknown Speaker  54:58
It's it's a little forgive rule. But don't push that envelope. Make sure you save.

Speaker 1  55:07
When you say follow up, just to clarify, when you would do three to four, or those phone calls, or the voicemails, or the emails, were they all of the above,

Speaker 2  55:17
they were all the above. Most of the time, how I followed up was a phone call and an email. So simultaneously, so they got both. If you alternate it, it's up to you. And it wasn't until I started figuring out how to listen to the customer. As far as and what I found success in was then I started leaning more heavily towards one or the other. So either eat, discuss more responded better via email, so I'm going to respond via email to him, just want to respond to via phone call. And some of them, you know, I would call and they would waste my time. And they would just sit there every single phone call was like 25 minutes long. And I'm like, No, I don't have the time for this. So I would actually reach out to an email and have them call me. So I'm not wasting time, but they still got a touch for me. And if they were interested, they would call me and then and then we could pursue moving forward. But I never started hearing a lot of complaints as far as you're following up too far too often just shut up until after about 10 follow up. And the amount of people that actually reached back out to me and said, Eric, you're the only person that's followed up with me

Speaker 3  56:27
was pretty astronomical. So it's pretty common for for clients to follow up two to four times. And then they drop it. And this is also where

Speaker 2  56:37
that drip campaign really comes in handy. Because if you can turn it on where they're getting an email every two weeks to a month,

Unknown Speaker  56:46
up, up, if you have the content,

Speaker 2  56:49
that's not wasting a lot of your time. And you you're not having a legit conversation with them. That's helpful too. And it still builds trust in that. Because you're adding value to your price and your product. If you're sending them valuable information, like you know, our buildings come with a 40 year warranty or they're deciding is a 40 year warranty. And here's our standard warranty or workmanship warranty. This is what we'll fix like, stuff like that is really important to the client to know that, hey, my building is going to be taken care of for as long as I live. So I have a question regarding not giving a customer all the information after after a phone call. Yeah, I thought that was really interesting. Is that always your approach? And that said, depending on the urgency of the customer? And that's good question. So it depends on the urgency. So based on how quick you need the building, if they are looking to make a decision. So if they're like it, they call you up and

Unknown Speaker  57:49
they're like, I need to shed

Speaker 2  57:52
and you can just tell in their voice. It's like, ah, these guys need it quick. Okay. My, my conversation was shortened structured well, okay, I can help you with that. What size do you need? Okay, well, I need a 10 by 12. Okay, well, great. I've got 210 by twelves. In stock. I have a red and a white one and I got a blue and gray. Which would that work for you? Do you want the door on the ante one on the side? I got one or both? Bam, bam, bam. Okay, so everything is structured that way. How soon can you get delivery out to me? Well, you know what, if you placed the order right now, today, by end of day, or if you're ready to do it right now, I can have this out to you. Let's say end of next week. If you know, that's what your lead time is, okay?

Unknown Speaker  58:38
Don't promise something that you can't do?

Speaker 2  58:44
So in that particular case, then yes, I give all the information. Well, if they say, Hey,

Unknown Speaker  58:50
what about this

Speaker 2  58:51
and this and this? I really want to make the decision on the shed, but I got to actually take it home and I get Do you have a picture of this building? Can you show it to my wife? Okay, here's what I'm gonna do. Okay, yeah, I'll shoot you a message. Let me get you a picture of that. What's your phone number? What's your email? I get all that information. What zip code? Is this going to? Oh, by the way, what address is this going to? Just so that I can if you keep this in the back of your mind, and you I would recommend writing down the address because you have it because then all of a sudden you're like, Oh, well, maybe there's something else going on this area. And this is really handy. I don't know how you have it set up. But sometimes for me, I had access to my delivery manager. So I'm getting the bunny trail now. But you know, I would call my delivery guy and say, Hey, can we do it? And maybe we had something else going in that specific area two days from now. And I can now call the customer back and say hey, by the way, if you order right now, I get disability to you on on Tuesday next week, because we have another one going to the area.

Unknown Speaker  59:49
Okay.

Speaker 2  59:51
If that customer is like man, I'm interested. I really want to do it, but I got to take this home and how about this question. And in just wings, one, what I do is, instead of giving it to him on the phone, I might follow up with them with an email or text and then give them the information. If they're more like, well, let's design a shed. And and I want to purchase this in the next four weeks, then what I would do is I would get their questions from them and kind of feed it out over the first one to two follow ups. My process now just give you this so you know kind of how that worked for me, the amount of times that I followed up and how I followed up. So if a customer asked for a quote, or they gave me a phone call, and I build them a quote, I get their information, I might give them a quote over the phone, just in verbal speak, just say, well, that's $5,600 Based on our options, let me send you the quote. And I would try to send them the quote within two to five minutes right after the phone call. Sometimes that's not possible, depending on your workflow, to which if you set a timeline, then get it over to them by that timeline. And then the very next day, I would follow up with the phone call and email to make sure that they got the quote, see if they had any questions. Sometimes it was later on that day, if I got a sense of urgency out of them, that they were really, really interested in looking to move ahead, I'd follow up later that day, but usually the next day, okay, and then I skipped two days, followed up email and phone call again, I skipped three

Speaker 3  1:01:27
days, follow up via email, skipped another three days and followed up your phone call an email, or just phone call left a message. At about

Speaker 2  1:01:40
at about the seven follow up if I didn't get any feedback from them, I put them on on my on my email campaign. So they got reached one way or another. And I may market for an additional follow up two weeks from now to do another phone call. So that was kind of my process on that. But I generally if a customer asked information upfront,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:01
on the initial phone call or email,

Speaker 2  1:02:06
I tried to give it as much as possible to answer all those questions except for one, and then I would follow up with the next one. And you want to make that pretty quick. It might be two hours later, depending on the type of question it is. And just be like, Hey, I forgot to add this into my email, or my phone call. Here's the answer to the other question that you had. And it may be the next day. And then if you're doing a follow up and they bring up a question, and you have to redo the quote, sometimes I would just send out the new quote, and then follow up with them the next day and say, Oh, by the way, here's the answer the other question that you asked

Speaker 3  1:02:42
like that, because you're actually providing them some value every time you follow up with them. You're not

Speaker 2  1:02:47
just you know what's going on? You're not just reaching out to say, Hey, are you ready to buy? Hey, can I help you? It's you're actually adding value and trust because you're giving them something that's just, oh, well, yeah. And, you know, you could have given that information up front, but you're still adding value when you reach out. And then all of a sudden inside that customer's mind. They're like, You know what, they gave me the answer. And they missed that on the other one. And it really helps to establish engagement coming from them, too. So they feel free to ask you more questions. Or just call you and say, Yeah, you gave me all the answers that I necessary. Let's just buy this.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:26
That's cool. That's really cool. Thank you for explaining that. And going on to

Matthias Miller  1:03:32
get an observation about that. It's interesting that you were talking earlier about pacing the customer with the customer and the tone, the directness in that. And that's pacing it on a micro scale within the conversation, but the thing you're talking about here is actually pacing it on a macro scale. So if they're wanting it now, we condense the entire sales process down into today if we can, because that's what they're looking for. If they're pacing over an extended period of time, slow down the sales conversation and leaving these open loops lets you effectively pace it to match to match your

Unknown Speaker  1:04:05
pacing. Yep.

Speaker 1  1:04:09
Other questions for talking about qualifying leads? Is move ahead a little indecisive. What if let me ask a people question and then a numbers. Question. People question is, what if the spouse is the true decision maker and they're never on the one on the phone with you? I have a lot where they have one spouse is doing all of the contact. They're filling in the blank with all the questions, but they actually aren't the one that's actually deciding on the building. And maybe that's just how they manage the finances in their home. Or,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:45
or whatever. Okay, so that's a people question.

Speaker 2  1:04:48
And then you want me to answer that first before we get into the numbers are they run together?

Speaker 1  1:04:52
Well, the numbers question was going back to slide goes 15 talking about the percentage Have closing rates and just wanted to clarify if it was, of qualified leads or of all so we could talk to

Speaker 2  1:05:08
people one first. Actually, let's hit the numbers one first, because that's gonna be quicker.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:12
Sure. So

Speaker 2  1:05:14
if I was to take all leads that I had on, I didn't run any hard numbers on this, but if I was to take all leads that I had, I would say that I was probably around the 10 to 20%.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:23
Okay,

Speaker 1  1:05:26
you were selling 10 to 20%. Of all leads of all leads coming in, in a calendar year. Yes, that,

Speaker 2  1:05:35
but when I qualified them, which means that, you know, the top end of the heavy end of that pipeline of the one percenters, okay, those are not classed into my what I call my closing rate. They are. But so that's the, that's the all leads part. So that's the 10 to 20%. Like every lead coming in, I would probably say as around 10 to 20%. But I was able to qualify the leads inside of those to only correspond and out of those was a 40 to 60% closing rate. So when you qualify that lead, I had a 40 to 60% closing rate of every active quote that I had out there, it's basically what I'm saying. So what I called a qualified lead was an active quote that I built and sent out. Everything else was a was just a pipeline filler. And it's kind of how we classified it as a company. But here's my, here's my reasoning behind this. It's a little confusing, but this is the psychology of

Unknown Speaker  1:06:41
the salesperson.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:48
Any person that

Speaker 2  1:06:49
I was able to get ahold of, is what I should say anybody that I can actually have a contact with, build a quote for, I had that 40 to 64% closing rate. You can take my entire leads and say I was 10 20%. So now I'm an average

Speaker 3  1:07:03
salesperson. Okay. If you're

Speaker 2  1:07:09
lower than that, you might be like, Oh, what am I doing wrong? Like, what? What's going on with this? Okay? So you're questioning as a salesperson, you're questioning, like, I'm doing something wrong, and my closing rates are terrible. This sucks. I hate this.

Speaker 3  1:07:19
You know, all this? Well, when you qualify them and say, the people that actually answer the phone,

Speaker 2  1:07:27
and the people that actually respond to an email, I have a 40 to 60% closing rate.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:31
What's that do to your confidence? Because now you're at the top of the market.

Speaker 2  1:07:39
There is no other salesperson out there that's closing in a 40 to 60%. Lead. Right, right. So it may not be the accurate as far as the entire leads go. Even 20%. Is is top of the industry standard. Okay, yeah. But if you can split it out and say anybody that answers the phone. So out of all the leads that come in, if they answer the phone, if I build them a quote, if they respond to my email,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:05
I can close those people at 40 to 60%. Be real transparent. Eric,

Speaker 1  1:08:13
that's where I my very first question to you about the largest large pool of customers, that the struggle that I'm finding is there are so many people answering the phone that are still in the casual bucket. And that's where I'm not sure if it's a asking better questions, or really, you know, educating them on the process. Or if it's truly, they're bored, they're on their phone, they filled out a form, they'll pick up the phone, but they weren't serious to begin with. So I'm trying to vet that as we go through the process of qualifying leads. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:08:45
so here's what I'm going to say. Out of the people that you answered, did they pick up the phone? They say that they're just shopping,

Speaker 3  1:08:52
right? Yeah. Okay. So

Speaker 2  1:08:56
I would say asking better questions, and also providing more value is going to be more helpful for you. In this particular case, if they're picking up the phone, I had the exact opposite problem. Nobody picked up the phone. So my PDF pricing guides, nobody responded to an email and nobody picked up the phone. Okay. So when they picked up the phone, it was a win for me when they responded to an email was a win. So if they're picking up the phone, I would say that points more to asking better questions, getting a little bit more feedback, and then also being able to provide more value if they're actually answering the phone. Because if I'm bored, and I'm scrolling through, and I put my phone number in bet your boots I'm not answering a phone

Unknown Speaker  1:09:36
call. Sure, sure.

Speaker 2  1:09:40
We'll get back to the people person. Unless you have something else you want to expound on that.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:44
No, that's perfect. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:47
Spouse. Yep. Lovely thing.

Speaker 2  1:09:54
So if I'm the customer right now, and I asked you for a quote Yep. And you call me and I say,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:02
your name is Marissa, right? And I say, you know, Marissa, it's great. But, you know,

Speaker 2  1:10:11
my wife made me apply for this. And I can actually make the decision.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:15
I got to talk to her. Lee, tell me

Speaker 1  1:10:22
I've been asking them, Oh, that's great. You know, What's your wife's name? Oh, Margaret, that's awesome. is Margaret, would she like a quote sent to her email directly as well. And maybe I can add her CC her into the conversation. So it could be the three of us. If that helps you? Or if she has more questions, feel free to let me in directly. So she and I can dialogue. I try to bring that spouse into the conversation instead of having the other spouse be the middleman.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:50
For us. How successful has that been?

Speaker 1  1:10:53
It's hit or miss man gets hit or miss. There are some folks that it's like, oh, cool, you'll talk to all both of us. And they'll throw the spouse's email into the thread, and we're good to go. And then there are others that they're like, they're just so hands off, but that's not part of the process at all.

Speaker 2  1:11:09
Okay, you might hate me for this, because, you know, I'm talking to women here. It's fair, man. So, but you can do this for you guys, too. You know, you know, the other species, right? On some level.

Speaker 3  1:11:25
Okay. Talk to him that way. Yep. So here's my,

Speaker 2  1:11:30
my spiel on this happening. And it works. And sometimes it doesn't.

Unknown Speaker  1:11:35
Yes.

Speaker 2  1:11:37
But I often got this whole thing of, hey, you know, I can't make this decision. Well, great. I actually kind of liked to hear that.

Speaker 3  1:11:46
Okay. But, you know, like,

Speaker 2  1:11:52
Me, personally, I'd like to hear that in some ways, because I'm like, well, at least you're talking to your other half about a big purchase. Like, it's five grand, like, if you just drop in five grand would you do? So I would sometimes make a joke about that, too. So often, I was talking to guys, I don't know, if you're talking to women, or guys, whatever it is, right? And I would just be like, they'd be like, you know, I got to talk to my wife. And I would just tell him, hey, you know what, I'm happy to link her and I'm happy to have a phone conversation with her, if you want to bring her in, or you want to show her the buildings? How about we do that? And and he'd be like, Oh, no, I don't want to do that. I'm like, Well, who actually wears the pants in your house?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:27
Right? And make a joke about

Speaker 2  1:12:32
it. Because it's actually kind of a joke for guys. And it's like, oh, you know, whatever. Sure. And it either forces that and if they're like, legitimately serious, they're like, you know, I don't tell you right up front, if it doesn't come off well, and it but it's a personal level that you're adding. And, and it's like so so in that case, it's like, hey, you know what, I get it, but and then I actually delve into the whole thing of what's your wife? Like? Does she like looks? I mean, is she really concerned about the price, because at the end of the day, you kind of you told me, she doesn't wear the pants? So you kind of make the decision. So you already have the money side figured out? The real issue here is that you don't think she's going to like the building. So let's come to a happy medium. So you're the mediator. In this case, you're like, Well, you know, what she like? What's he like? Is he only concerned about storage and price? Well, okay, well, then here's what we can do. And here's what I would suggest. How about you go have this argument at home about the looks versus price, but here's what I can do for you. But bring them into the conversation in that way, and get just kind of get a feel for what their significant other is, and what's important to them. And if you can hit on what's important, that means they have to argue at home and the amount of times that I did that they would go home and argue. And he would call me back. And he's like, Well, you know, all I wanted was a 12 by 48 Shed, but my wife hates that. And it looks like an ugly blob in the back. And so now we're going to do a 12 by 24. And it's going to look better. And he would give me the full list of things that they

Unknown Speaker  1:14:02
want. Interesting, interesting.

Speaker 2  1:14:06
So if I can give them an option, sometimes it meant I had to create a different quote and send them a different picture of a different building, to give them a visual, but it's like, Hey, can I feel this out, and then send you an option. You can go argue, and then you can come back to me with a happy medium, I can't make that decision. And I would tell them, I can't make the decision for you. I'm gonna give you an option. You argue about it. And then you come back to me with your decision. And then I would reach out in the follow up and just say, Hey, are you guys done figuring this out? Like, have you gotten into a bigger argument? Did your wife kick you out? Now you need it for dog house? Like, you know what's going on? Like, that's kind of my process how I did that.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:43
Gotcha. Okay. That's great.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:48
big takeaway there. For me. It's

Unknown Speaker  1:14:49
what's important to them. Yeah. And then focusing on it. Good.

Speaker 4  1:14:57
One quick question ahead. And that was Have these pictures you're

Unknown Speaker  1:15:01
sending out talking about?

Speaker 4  1:15:05
What have you found a big difference being in a, like a figurative or generated picture that matches what they're talking about. But it's, you know, generated by configuring versus an actual picture of an actual ship that's, you know, more specific or you know, are sending

Unknown Speaker  1:15:23
any difference in effectiveness. Yes, tremendous.

Speaker 2  1:15:28
Unless you have a really good configurator, that shows really good details. It's great for concept, and great for an idea, but it's not great for selling point. So if it's attached to your quote, or you're wanting to just want like, throw something out there really quick, I would recommend using that. But I would always recommend attaching actual pictures if you have them, or referring them over to your website, and drawing a correct correlation saying, hey, this style and quote that I built was in this configuration. And if you're on our website, it's building number b, this is what it looks like in real life. That's what I would recommend, because you're gonna get more people based on real actual pictures or pictures with good lighting, that showed detail you're going to that's that's the true accurate representation of your product, not 3d.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:21
Or 2d, whatever you're using. And that

Speaker 2  1:16:23
goes for interior picture. So I'm gonna go back to you guys, I don't know, if you're sending any interior pictures.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:31
Really, if you're

Speaker 2  1:16:32
not selling a physical touch, and field product, those, those interior pictures become really important, probably almost more important, and creating a story on how good they actually are. So maybe you're, maybe you're driving a vehicle over your floors. Okay? That implies that the floor is really strong. And so having something like that to be able to send to a client for something that you don't have as a touch and feel product is pretty important. And then longevity, really focusing on that and picking into details. And just, you know, here's a picture of me, here's our trusses, and we use truss plates, and they're engineered at this snow load and this wind rating. And I don't know if that's the case for you guys. But sometimes that's really helpful for the client to be able to go into a walk and feel. And the other thing you can consider is creating some videos of just a walk in

Unknown Speaker  1:17:27
of an actual building.

Speaker 2  1:17:28
So you walk into a job in real life, what it looks like, and you walk around it is really helpful. So I don't know if you're doing that or not. But that can be really helpful as well,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:37
it'd be really cool to be able to send videos, I think, just a little tour, maybe at the different flooring options in the tech, she'll call that.

Speaker 2  1:17:48
Yeah. And I found a lot of success in in that as far as just walking around the building. And the hard part is finding a format to send them that's actually easy for the customer to view. So as a salesperson, sometimes it's kind of difficult to do that unless you're doing it via text, and you have access to buildings. But if you could kind of find a format to send an email or a link that makes it really easy, that that is really helpful so that you can view around the entire thing. And I have actually in the past, I've actually taken a video of my entire inventory lot at my main location and just walked around and said, Hey, this is what I have in stock, this is the size, this is the price and then sent it to a customer. So it kind of gives them more of a real life feel. And they can still go onto our website and look at the actual pictures of it. But this is real life. I just stepped out of my lawn. And I walked around took a video,

Speaker 1  1:18:42
there was a question that came up to my mind about confirming the details of the quote, Tori and I are both completely virtual. So we're never actually sitting with a customer next to their actual building. We're not flipping through brochures of the products and features. We're doing it all digitally. And just making sure that we're communicating with them clearly. We have them sign off on a sketch a diagram and their invoice to make sure that we got it right. Yeah. Is there any tips you have on just

Unknown Speaker  1:19:13
making sure

Speaker 1  1:19:15
that that gets done quickly and efficiently fed a couple folks where it's just it's a ping pong match man back and forth with like, what they said what I said what they said and I'm like, That is clearly not what you said. So I don't know if they're changing your mind. Or what

Speaker 2  1:19:29
but yeah, so you're always going to run into that for sure. Okay. All right. I feel more normal. But but there is a way to help streamline that process. Okay, so, and generally if I had a conversation, and then I build a quote, I followed up either later that night, or depending on the urgency right after I sent it, or generally the next day, if I building a quote, pretty much, it was always the next day. And I would follow up and I would actually go over that quote now Hey, You know, we had a conversation yesterday, this is what you told me that you were looking for. This is what I put together for you. It has a window window. Here Here is this has this door this option, this option. Here's the price.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:11
I get it, right. Okay, yes, I

Speaker 2  1:20:16
got it. Right. Fantastic. Well, I didn't get it right. Well, let me send you another one. I'll make that change. We'll update it done.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:23
So, same thing goes for

Speaker 2  1:20:26
and I spent even more time when they called and wanted to close. They said yes, let's do it. Okay. Yep. Well, I got your quote here. Let's just go over the details. I have a 10 by 12. It's in this color, this color. Everything looks good. Okay, the windows, the doors, everything. Do you want to add anything? Do you want to add a ramp? Oh, no. Okay. I'm gonna send you this for E signature. And all I need is your payment. I'm ready for it right now. Let's just type that in.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:53
And here you go.

Speaker 2  1:20:56
Then anything after that is is changed, like change order. Same thing goes for your quote, like if you call them and go over everything. And they're like, yeah, it looks good. Well, that's

Unknown Speaker  1:21:05
a change.

Speaker 2  1:21:06
It's no more he said, she said, it's like, yeah, we had a conversation in the follow up and you say it's good.

Speaker 3  1:21:12
Like, it kind of takes that away. It doesn't take it away completely, but it will definitely take it down. Interesting. Okay. Thanks. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:21:22
it's a for me, I found it was more necessary. I had other the one owner of the company, he, he liked to have the conversation, he was good sales to us a little bit more pushy, but he liked to design the quote, and send it while he was on the phone. And he would actually ask for the sale at this very same time. I couldn't mentally handle that. And I started making way more mistakes. And it frustrated me because I spent an hour and a half on the phone with this person. Now, when I could have just grabbed the details and then spent five minutes putting the quote together and send it and then give you a follow up. For me, it was more accurate that way to you if you can do it, while it's on the phone, there's a massive selling process to that. And it's that's higher. I wasn't good at it. And I just personally, I started making way, way too many mistakes when I did it. So but he was a little bit more pushy on in that regards. And but at that time, you know, the quote, better be right. Like they're buying the building, and you designed it. That's a lot of pressure. For me, as a consumer as a buyer. That's a lot of pressure, if I'm calling somebody, and I'm having to build me a quote. And I told him up front that I'm you know, I'm just I want to quote on this building. And he's asking me for to make a sale and the first phone call. I'm I'm not doing that. That's just that's me personally. So that feels like a lot of pressure. And that's also partly why I didn't do it that way. But yeah, consistently following up with the customer after you send them a quote, or a purchase order, just to make sure that you have the details, right builds a lot of trust and value. Because they're like, this guy's going above and beyond to make sure that he got things right. And if he didn't, you know, mistakes happen, but there's a lot of forgiveness when it happens if if you've done those steps.

Speaker 1  1:23:14
I have one more question. And then we have a list that we had prepared. That was a little bit more of an extra focus. So we can pause if we need to pause and revisit.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:24
Yep, ask away. That's what I'm here for.

Speaker 1  1:23:27
Well, I'll ask one more question just to get it out. And then if we when we come back later, tackle some of that list. I think we have pre prepared if that's okay, Matthias,

Matthias Miller  1:23:37
I have no problem. I'm, I'm happy to go in as long as we as we want to go here. And yes, what

Unknown Speaker  1:23:43
to be mindful of you guys

Speaker 1  1:23:45
can squeeze it in. But for one, my question is your support structure for yourself in sales tools. You mentioned an assistant. I have a huge fan of delegation, but not always to people sometimes to just technology. And who was wondering what your thoughts were or things that were just like your you couldn't do your job without these things? Because it just made it so efficient for you. Okay.

Speaker 2  1:24:18
So I mentioned that I'm selling software now. Yes, that is the biggest thing that my the piece. I had parts of it in my life when I was doing sales, that I wish that I would have the software system that I had no, but it just because of the extent of it. And I know you guys are using one. So that's probably the most important thing because for me, it became about the speed that I could process an order and the amount of times that's where everything was at with me the time management and out of that I developed my questions.

Speaker 3  1:24:50
So the assistant that I had was an experiment

Speaker 2  1:24:56
and also was highly necessary. So the reason that we hired her to begin with was when 2020 hit.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:05
I was the only salesperson. And I would spend the

Speaker 2  1:25:12
majority of 2020, I was doing an average of what there certain months that made it made a factor in this, but I was selling approximately four to

Unknown Speaker  1:25:25
five buildings a day.

Speaker 2  1:25:29
At that time, there was a part of our company that was like we manufactured some other buildings, and we sold them as a wholesale. And I didn't really have much to do with them. But in 2020, it had to do with like, home gardening and home like farm, okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:49
In 2020 went completely off the hook. And

Speaker 2  1:25:53
the shipping was backed up, we couldn't keep up with everything. And so my phone calls, it was nonstop from Gmail. com in Colorado, so any Eastern timezone. So from six o'clock in the morning, five o'clock in the morning, which I had my phone's turned off. Anytime I showed up at work, the phone rang nonstop off the hook, either via their asking for quotes, or the buildings that I actually handled, or they had a delivery problem or customer service or something on the other end, it rang off the hook. And it was not uncommon for me to be on a five minute phone call and get off and have to listen to

Unknown Speaker  1:26:29
voicemails. Yep.

Speaker 2  1:26:32
That's why we brought the assistant team. And then also because I didn't have software in tech, or a system that I was experimenting with having an assistant answer the phone

Speaker 3  1:26:45
and have them build a quote out and send it. That's it, just to cut time

Speaker 2  1:26:52
down and then also process my orders after I sold the building. It didn't work out that well, because I found out that it's easier to process it the whole way through in that particular case. And most of it came back to the software and and the tech side again. Because I didn't have a good way to relay communication over. I know that could have been fixed. So that's why the assistant came on. The most important thing for me was finding mentors that believed in me. And I had a just an experience for me I had, I didn't really have any mentors. And I just fell into sales. So I figured out that I had a skill set, but I didn't know why. And there are certain things that I wasn't very good at. So in my slow time, I started listening to Chris boss, which was really helpful to me. But he's not really a mentor. Okay. I've had people come alongside me that have encouraged me, the guy that first trained me and sales actually does sales management for a different company. And we talk on a monthly, sometimes more than that, sometimes less than that. And he's always been like, Eric, he's like, you know, you're really good. He's like you, do

Unknown Speaker  1:28:08
you. He's like, I'd hire you.

Speaker 2  1:28:13
And I was like, did you expect this from me when when I first came on? He's like, Well, he's like, I know you had capabilities, but I didn't expect that much.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:20
And so all that being

Speaker 2  1:28:24
said, that happened, and I had that guy beside me when I ran into a problem or a customer issue. And I'm like, and all I want to do is take this customer and wrap their neck around something like that, just That's it, not sometimes you reach that level, and I'm just sick of it. And he always challenged me and pulled me out of that, or gave me a really helpful tips and techniques.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:46
So I had that guy, we hired a CFO at the company.

Speaker 2  1:28:53
That's nothing to do with me. And I had my run ends where I liked him and I hated him because he was always picking up my paperwork and the taxes weren't right and XYZ. So constantly doing more paperwork. But he's like, he's like, you know, Eric, he's like I, I was a manager of a steel company. And he's like, I had regional sales reps. He's like, you can hang with the top of my regional sales reps in these million dollar companies that I've had like, multimillion dollar company, the first time that I ever even thought about that, like, I was like, No, I'm not that good. And I don't think I'm that great. And I don't have a process figured out and I'm losing people why am I losing people and I lost the sale. That stuff hits hard for me. And so he's telling me this and I just kind of waved it off. And he's like nah, this year just,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:44
you know, shoot me full of smoke.

Speaker 2  1:29:48
I had a I had a mentor of mine. Not really even a mentor but he did the rent he offered the rent to own for our company, and he showed up to just go over how the rent owed work. and sits down with me. And he's like, Eric, what do you do last last year? And what do you do this month? And, and what's your goals? And I told him, I was like, Well, I have a goal that I want to do $400,000 In a month.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:11
And then he's like, okay.

Speaker 2  1:30:16
He's like we will you promise to tell me when you hit it? And I was like, Sure. I mean, like, Why do you care? Because I mean, it's not, you're not getting all of this, and you're not associated with our company. It's 50% rent to own at max. And

Unknown Speaker  1:30:30
he's like, just tell me, he's like, I'm gonna send you something.

Speaker 2  1:30:34
And eight months, nine months later, I actually hit it. So as a 400,000, I sent a message and I was like, Hey, I hit my goal. 400 grand, he's like, alright. And he sent me a $500 gift card. Completely unrelated to me. And I'm like, that blew me away, because I'm like, and it just helped me recognize the value of goals and reaching for him. So as a mentor, he's meant a lot like we have a good personal relationship now.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:04
And then, right after all this happened,

Speaker 2  1:31:09
we hired another guy on at the company as well. And he used to own our own and manage a really small company in the San Francisco Bay area, like a lumberyard, where he was part of it. And he actually took it from a small family on to the largest Lumberyard in the Bay Area. And in that process, he's like, Eric, he's like, you know, you, you can hang with the top salespeople out there. He's like you just so that like that was kind of confirmation of the CFO, for sake of example. And whether I still believe it about myself. It's kind of up for grabs. I have my days. And especially since I'm in SAS sales now, I'm like, Yeah, I don't know about that one.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:54
But it's, it's having people

Speaker 2  1:31:58
walk beside you that believe in what you do is really important. I would say it's the most important part for me, the long winded answer. And then the other thing is, it's just enough invest in fine tech that can help you

Unknown Speaker  1:32:12
manage your time. Well. That's long winded.

Speaker 2  1:32:16
So sorry. Hopefully that answered your question. And if you have another question on that, let me know. That's great.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai