Matthias Miller  01:26
Hello again, and we'll switch All right.

Speaker 1  01:38
somebody who has access and understands the systems as a channel. Yes, now that being said, it would. Hey, my headphones would connect. All right, what's the, what's the, what's the example. add a road to the payment. what we would like to do. Okay, so the way customer, the way refunds Work customer refunds work is we add. the payment RG, but then we create a vendor invoice to actually pay them. So you don't necessarily, you don't necessarily have an example of an issue, particularly like, where someone, I thought you were going the route of someone has canceled something with money on it, and you were trying to solve for that. Well, I mean, yeah, it is so somebody has money on it and the in somebody cancels. I mean, if dealers can't, the question is, if it's always done through assist, then we can add validation and refine, and we're not going to break anything. I'm not sure what you mean by dealer portal, because all dealer portal stuff is now in assist. It's all restricted user stuff. Oh, I get it. Okay, we don't, we don't. We don't do any dealer portal through the through, through the whizz key anymore. Sweet. So the so can dealers cancel orders? Yes, can they add a refund payment type adjustment for customer overpayment that see, this is where I get really, really nervous and and part of me says we should go and restrict their dealers. A restricted user shouldn't be able to cancel something because the problem with canceling a sales order is okay, well, what about the building that was attached to it? And what about the transit test that was that? What about the money that was attached to it? And it's like, there's like, three or four different things that are attached to a sales order that, well, a dealer doesn't have access to the building record. They do have access to to logistics tasks. But do we really want them adding the real stuff? No. And plus, you don't really want them deleting the building RG row, just and then whatever for whatever. Crazy, absolutely not. We don't want them to lean the RG row, because if that building was a lot building, it strands it, and then Josh has clean up tasks that go and delete stranded buildings, and then you lose an actual building. That's scary. We probably at some point should add some functionality to minimize that. But as Josh so poignantly pointed out in a conversation I had with him recently, he said, assist is very wide in its capabilities, but its depth of is not very deep. And so stuff like this is where, you know, I've okay. The way we get around this is we just told supposed to cancel buildings. It needs to go through somebody who knows what, like it needs to go through my office, or somebody who knows what they're doing, because there's a lot of pitfalls when you cancel building. So we could add a permission that's enabled by default that you could then turn off for dealers that says can cancel sales orders, and we could do it as part of this job, and that would make you incredibly happy if a sales or if a dealer could not cancel a sales order, and they would be forced to handle it through Even better, if we went and handled disconnecting a sales order from a building and like if, if we came up with a really elegant way to handle all of those things around the cancelation, that would be even better. But that's a way bigger thing than what you're asking

Matthias Miller  05:16
it is, and I'm not about to volunteer to do that. I understand. I don't mind if it's prioritized, but I'm not about to volunteer. So by the way, we just came up with a freakishly elegant solution to reconcile accounting with live database records. And I'm just beyond happy. It's a few days of Seth and Mike's work at the most wait so do what to reconcile. To reconcile, like assist records with accounting for closed periods so somebody changes. We did it. Our sales order was long, but we already filed taxes. So what do we do now? Because the sales order needs to be because it's right now, how do we handle it. Anyway, I'm getting five emails every single day because the scheduled task is failing, which I should just get off the list. But anyway, okay, so for Twain,

Speaker 1  06:12
this is, this is you're feeling sentiments that Josh expresses every once in a while, when, when some scheduled task that nobody pays attention to keeps failing, and it's like, Can somebody please go deal with this?

Matthias Miller  06:25
Yeah, well, side note, I have a client who I have web syncing stuff hooked up for, and nobody monitors it, so I'm pitching them on a little bit of a monthly fee to monitor it and all this stuff. But it's just like nobody really wants to pay to pay to have it monitored, but nobody really likes when it breaks, and especially not if it was broken for two months and nobody noticed except the sales People were periodically

Matthias Miller  06:56
complaining. Okay, all right. Well, that's what, that's my question here. Wait, contract record is the priority. So we can, I've not even had a chance to look at what's on for tomorrow, but

Unknown Speaker  07:16
contract record is priority, okay?

Matthias Miller  07:19
And I'm going to how early? You can't start until like 830 your time, right?

Unknown Speaker  07:30
I could be convinced to start earlier.

Matthias Miller  07:37
How early?

Unknown Speaker  07:39
Well, you're the one who's two hours behind me. So

Matthias Miller  07:42
I mean, I am, let's just say this q1 was really slow everywhere, and I am very motivated to both move this project forward and get as much stuff off my plate as I possibly can right now, because I've got a lot. So I will be at the office as early as 5am my time. 7am your time, if you want.

Speaker 1  08:20
I would, if we're going to start that early, I would say 730 that way in the morning, I can do 737 30 or 745 I would, I would vote for somewhere in that neighborhood

Matthias Miller  08:32
where we could also very easily do or if you just want to do Eight. Eight

Speaker 1  08:41
allows me to to pleasantly drink a coffee and a protein drink.

Matthias Miller  08:46
Okay, let's do that.

Unknown Speaker  08:49
You know, blood sugar and all that.

Matthias Miller  08:57
Okay, sending it now,

Speaker 1  09:01
it is, it is, it is fun, like I texted you, it is fun running this muscle again.

Matthias Miller  09:10
That's awesome. It's I get frustrated by how much work it is to me. I just, I want to, I love to move

Speaker 1  09:22
well in this case, I think the faster we move, the faster they can move, and the faster you burn my money. So,

Matthias Miller  09:31
well, you're not, you're not. I mean, we're not. I mean, yeah, we're not burning whatever. No, I'm fine with the Bucha

Speaker 1  09:41
as long as as long I'll burn like, if we're staying inside a budget, we can burn it as fast as we want. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:49
Well, going on, on time, on budget, on on track. Sweet. Anything else before I disappear? I.

Unknown Speaker  10:01
I know, can't think of anything.

Matthias Miller  10:04
Okay, sweet,

Speaker 1  10:06
you got, you have this, you have everything answered. As far as this goes, right that what you I'm gonna run

Matthias Miller  10:12
it past, as far as original call, I'm gonna run it past Josh make sure he doesn't see any kind of glaring issues, because I'm kind of worried about creating trouble. But, yeah, okay, yep, sweet, appreciate it. Sweet. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai