Speaker 1  00:34
Hello, hello, it's your only project done, not

Matthias Miller  00:42
even close. Are you familiar with credit card like convenience fees and surcharges? Surcharge regulations?

Unknown Speaker  00:50
No, not regulations.

Matthias Miller  00:54
If you ever go to a restaurant and they want to charge you for using your debit card, yeah, like, it's never legal to add it to a debit card. Well, unless it's a unless there is a primary way of paying, oh, goodness, there are specifics. It gets so weird, but it leads me to think that there are probably definitely RTO companies where you could I'm sure there are people with loopholes that so,

Speaker 1  01:26
so they're allowed to do it for credit card, just not a debit card. It's not a debit

Matthias Miller  01:30
card. But then there's certain situations where, if there's a primary channel of payment, like pay online, is there standard payment? So if you pay by the phone, I don't care. We use ACH or what, we're always going to charge you the surcharge, or whatever it is, or the convenience fee, I guess it is there anyway. It's just gracious, complicated.

Speaker 1  01:52
Probably comes back to a bunch of lobbyists for companies saying, well, we need our little this, that or the other,

Matthias Miller  02:01
exactly, meat or Slice the Pie or or not, either way. Hey, Mark,

Unknown Speaker  02:12
Yeah, hello.

Matthias Miller  02:15
All right, um, Seth is going to be a little hopping on. I'm going to try to try this as far as possible. One of the biggest scary things about this whole process is that we are changing. We're going to create a rash of discrepancies historically with because we miscalculated tax rates in the past. The second problem

Speaker 1  02:46
is that tax rate or tax amount,

Matthias Miller  02:49
sorry, tax amount, not rate. I'm sorry. Tax Amount, the transactions with the tax amount. The other problem is that after looking at this, it made more sense to us to Okay, in the past when you had bad debt, we would, we would create a record for the bad debt, and then we would create a second transaction for the tax bad debt, tax adjustment, and we think it would make more sense to merge those two together. So I guess one of the questions that just right off the bat is, do we care if there's a discrepancy in 2024 numbers between what we want to generate and what we actually generate. Or are we only looking at 2025 discrepancies.

Speaker 2  04:01
So with the discrepancy, discrepancy you're talking about, you're saying, with this change, you'll come back with something like, oh, we actually could have we had we could have saved ourselves 200 hours on sales tax because we incorrectly handled because of the mistakes we had on how we calculated that, you know, or maybe it's we, we Short paid 200 is that the situation? I mean, this, my perspective is, I don't know what amount we're talking about, but I can't imagine it's

Unknown Speaker  04:52
it's a lot. I mean, I'm just expecting it to be less than $1,000 but the the. I mean, from my perspective, no, it's, it's, I would be, I think we would just say, well, it's water with a dam. We were using what we the best information we had at the time, and just carry on. But I don't,

Unknown Speaker  05:21
yeah, I would agree would, did we over calculate our credit, or did we under calculate it?

Matthias Miller  05:32
We over calculated it because we said, well no, because

Speaker 1  05:40
we took 25% of too large or 7% of too large a number, so we would have, so basically, we we created ourselves a little too much.

Matthias Miller  05:53
We underpaid, yes, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  05:58
I mean, if there's

Speaker 1  06:00
go ahead drew, I would agree that it's going to be pennies on the dollar. I mean, it's, it's not much.

Speaker 1  06:17
I mean, we have, for the sake of all things. I think it would almost be easier to be able to if we just put a start date in for this and just, you know, say, historically, we're not going to worry about it and and move on from the start date for this change. But

Matthias Miller  06:36
So basically, we would start applying the new methodology to starting January 1 25 or something, because we can fix everything this year, we went to,

Speaker 1  06:49
yeah, I mean, you know, and that would, that would just simply say, Oh, hey, all these random counties have a have a little adjustment, and it would come through that would be easy, but the only bad debt we've ever been tracking through the system is since like October of last year or something, or September, whenever it was so it's, it's not even All of last year, in the beginning of last year, we tried to manually figure it out, and I'm assuming we're probably further off through our manual calculation than any anything else. So for all we know, we might be trying to correct $3 when we're actually 300 off.

Matthias Miller  07:42
Yeah, I mean, that's fair, and I think it's pretty defensible that I can't imagine that if you have best effort, and you're off by a fraction of a percent, and you're you have better reporting than you used to that we would take a fairly hard nosed auditor to, yeah, create a catastrophe scene. But I don't know how these things go, um, so, so ideally, we would ignore any transaction prior to so let me, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make a little bit of a change to this report then

Speaker 2  08:25
Matthias is, I mean, do you have any idea on on how much we, short, paid?

Matthias Miller  08:33
Yeah, actually, I can get this to you.

Speaker 2  08:36
I mean, is that the report that Seth has at the bottom of this incident?

Matthias Miller  08:41
I mean, it's not easily it's not it's not super easily accessible.

Speaker 2  08:51
I'm looking at the report at the very bottom of this incident that set as recess report to look at on our call tomorrow. That's not,

Matthias Miller  08:59
yeah, I mean, that you could get the number out of there. And I think, what is

Speaker 2  09:09
it? Is it that that report times, or, like,

Matthias Miller  09:14
the three, I think it's probably less than 100 bucks. Oh, okay,

Unknown Speaker  09:20
and yeah. I mean,

Matthias Miller  09:22
or even across across the whole time,

Unknown Speaker  09:25
yeah, I wouldn't be surprised.

Speaker 2  09:29
Okay, then I would Yeah. I mean, unless you guys feel we're not doing the right thing, that's my biggest concern. Is, I'm not concerned about an audit. I just don't want to be cheating on taxes. And I don't think we are. I just, I think what you mentioned Drew is, is with the manual way we were doing it prior to that, it's, it's, we don't even know if we overpaid or underpaid. So who knows,

Matthias Miller  09:56
yeah, and I would agree, and everything was done with best intention. And boy, if you would. Try to fix up everything historically that you've done wrong, to pay the right amount of tax. There would be no end to I don't know how we come up with an argument that you guys are doing something on us

Unknown Speaker  10:15
feel like living in the Old Testament, everything wrong. Everything wrong?

Unknown Speaker  10:23
My grandfather, yes,

Matthias Miller  10:25
underpaid good sales tax. Okay, so then, so then what I would like to propose, I hopefully this isn't too much. I don't know if this introduces too much complexity. Seth and I are both this is also a little bit big picture before we get into the weeds, but Seth and I are both just slightly concerned about me going on and, well, I said us, and he said me, specifically going on an eternal vacation. And so I think we need to block out. I think we just about, I mean, we could figure it out, but it is slightly terrifying to have this much complexity, sales, order, accounting impact, all be in the brain of a single person, and the amount of work that it took Seth and I to get this even as close to right as it is, is a little scary. So I would like to propose one of the, one of the technical debt things on the on the horizon, I think would be Seth and I spending half a day and documenting this stuff, at least internally, in the code, how all this stuff works, and making sure that there's some trail of how all this stuff ties together. Do you have thoughts on that mark?

Unknown Speaker  11:56
I think it'd be good. I mean, it's, it's, no, I think that makes a lot of sense.

Matthias Miller  12:04
So you'll

Speaker 2  12:06
just add it to the technical debt. We have a Yeah, paying down technical debt.

Matthias Miller  12:13
Yeah, we'll do that. Let me, let me start shooting notes over to here. Let me make sure my my participant screen, and I'll search notes over to Seth. So is, does January 1 seem like the appropriate switch date for this?

Unknown Speaker  12:32
I would say so. Now this is too small for you to

Matthias Miller  12:38
make it bigger, so wide.

Speaker 1  12:44
Well, that's fine. I take it. It's mismatched report of what would be. Well,

Matthias Miller  12:50
yeah, it is. So I want to go through something. Let me, let me talk about a few changes that we made. So obviously, the tax amount changed, so that's good. We no longer have a tax debt adjustment. Oh, here is okay. Let me pull up the incident, because we actually did take notes.

Matthias Miller  13:15
So sex, liability reconcile, I think, is what okay. We have a lot of bad debt payments that are prior to invoicing, and these will create discrepancies between AR and accounting. Let me make this. I can't actually make this one now for you, and so this is where it would be great if these guys basically said, We don't care about 2024 I think, but if these guys would be cleaned up. So that

Speaker 1  13:53
was that, was that in an email or something, because I'm, I'm thinking I responded to something about with bad debt coming before an invoice date? Is that what

Matthias Miller  14:04
this is? We had talked about that yes,

Speaker 1  14:09
because, I mean, yeah, you can't, you can't write off, you can't write off something you haven't sold. So,

Matthias Miller  14:19
right?

Unknown Speaker  14:23
At least I'd like to know how

Matthias Miller  14:25
Steph, are we okay? Are okay? Adding this as a

Matthias Miller  14:34
will Josh have your head if this is an error, which one bad debt payments prior to invoicing, who enters bad debt, and how many if we, I guess, trying to think, I mean, if we do.

Speaker 2  15:00
What is the use case, or what's the scenario where we have bad debt prior to invoicing?

Matthias Miller  15:06
One of the situations that somebody writes a check, and we already know it's going to be off, like they wrote a check for 6152 23 and it was supposed to be for,

Unknown Speaker  15:19
oh. It's like,

Speaker 2  15:23
so, so it makes sense when they're entering the payment to make that adjustment right away, or to them. It

Matthias Miller  15:30
does, okay, then it does. But no, there's other ways we could handle this. We could, oh,

Speaker 1  15:40
well, I don't know. Well, we can just keep that payment method from being used before invoice date. Like, if that payment method is is selected the date on it has to be after the invoice date. So,

Matthias Miller  16:00
so who enters these

Unknown Speaker  16:03
AR,

Matthias Miller  16:05
and so AR would just say, you just sell. AR, sorry, you can't. You can't add this adjustment until it's invoiced. I think Drew is set the date to the future, yeah, after invoicing, although I guess so then you can enter it before invoicing. So it adjusts the balance the AR balance, so you're now going to have a discrepancy on customer deposits versus, I guess the AR report doesn't show,

Speaker 1  16:35
no, I mean, AR is just it hasn't hit AR yet because it's not invoiced,

Matthias Miller  16:40
right? So on invoicing, do we automatically update the date?

Speaker 2  16:50
Can we just stop users and if they try to enter a like an underpayment, payment type from at that point saying that, Oh, but yeah, we don't have the invoice date yet, so they would have to, why

Matthias Miller  17:09
can't we have the invoicing process stop in Update, also update the the payment date for Bad debt payments.

Speaker 2  17:21
You would so you would allow people happily keep doing what they they have been doing, enter the payment, enter the underpayment on the same day. Invoicing comes along three weeks later, and the system just says, oh, there's that process updates the the date of the underpayment, RG to the invoice fee, Yep,

Speaker 1  17:43
yeah, but I don't really like that, because you're okay. Let's say, let's say the payment came in on, it's a taxable item. Payment came in on 29th then you claim bad debt as you file it, and then, if it is three weeks later, four weeks or whatever you've you've claimed bad debt, and then you've reversed your claim of bad debt. Well, no, no, because bad debt early. I guess as long as it maybe that would work,

Matthias Miller  18:20
okay. But the problem is with donations. If somebody records a donation prior to year end and it gets invoice after, then you have a problem, because you claimed your donation for a prior year.

Speaker 2  18:37
But why are we? I saw donations on that report, but donations are, oh, this is, this is, if it's a full donation, then we can just say it's tax exempt. But if it's a partial donation, like, right, we donate. It's okay,

Speaker 1  18:55
I mean, but in reality, shouldn't just all the adjustment payment types just be required to wait until invoice date.

Speaker 2  19:10
I think that might be the cleanest work. You simply couldn't enter them until after it's been invoiced so they would just hang out on AR Well, thank you. Somebody, right?

Speaker 1  19:23
What if they would just be entered with no date? I know we don't allow that, but those particular payment types would be entered with no date, and then the date would fill in when it's invoiced. And you'd have to set that, have to be a setting on the payment type that it's that it allow or requires that, oh, that's maybe getting in the weeds. Understand

Matthias Miller  19:49
why you'd want that. I'm not happy here. The problem, the problem Seth and I ran into, is that bad debts aren't payments. It's a bad debt. It adjusts the balance, but it's not a payment. Now, a donation is a payment that adjusts the taxable like, if you wanted to do the donation differently, why wouldn't you have a discount? Well, I mean, this takes some calculation, a donation discount that allows you to discount it for a certain amount

Speaker 1  20:23
well, so the short reason for that is payments, and being able to create special payment types that go to whatever account we want allows us to do various accounting details on a sales order. So that's why, basically, it's the only functionality we have to assign things to certain accounts and so on.

Matthias Miller  20:50
Well, you would have a miss. You could also create a miscellaneous item, yeah, but it doesn't change change your tax liability.

Speaker 2  21:02
Well, okay, the other reason for for handling donations like we do is so if, if we, if we donate an $8,000 building, and the company donates all of okay, a building with a retail value of $8,000 company donates all of that to whatever charitable cost. That's a a a

Speaker 2  21:29
non operating business decision. So we don't want it to skew like we don't want it to look like we've been discounting to the hill. We want that to go through as it doesn't mess so that's why we're taking posting all of it to Yeah, donations,

Matthias Miller  21:50
okay, we could also Say that bad debt, okay, starting in 2025, bad debt doesn't hit accounting until invoicing, which is what should happen anyway, in and then change the AR report. And this is really obnoxious, and I hate it.

Speaker 2  22:22
Well, okay, I'm not sure. Drew, why wouldn't we just, we literally do not allow you to put in a customer underpayment or whatever those payment types that are used there until it's been invoiced. I mean, users won't like it, but it's, it doesn't happen that much, and it would, it would, yeah,

Speaker 1  22:47
I mean, it's, it's just a, it's just a user friendly issue, because basically, you can't finish something up, you know, you receive a payment and you're like, Oh, this isn't going to come out, right? You just have to leave it sit there until it gets invoiced. But if somebody's running a report looking for zero, non zero balance items, I mean, they can clean them up, I suppose.

Speaker 2  23:20
Well, yeah. And whoever's watching the AR report is going to want to get that off of them as well. Okay, you need to get this guy invoice before you can do that. I mean, to me, I think that would be fine, and is actually

Speaker 1  23:40
up on the on the AR report, if it's not invoiced, okay? But they're

Speaker 2  23:50
going to want to clear it out, okay? Well, the issue, one of the issues might be where you have a sales order and the dealer wants to, you know, the delivery guy, you know, delivering a building and shows that he's still supposed to collect 52 cents from this customer, which we'd have other issues if a driver would actually try to do that, I guess. But okay, well, yeah, I didn't think about that. So sorry. I should have been quiet. Want to hear your suggestion? Matthias,

Matthias Miller  24:27
well, okay, I think, I think, having said all that, it doesn't show up on the AR report, and we don't create transactions for the bad debt payment prior to invoicing. That's easy, good now that's in sync. Next issue, when you go to invoice, can we block invoicing it if the if it's going to end up with a bad debt adjustment prior to invoicing? So we allow it to enter it before we really don't care, honestly, nothing's going to happen with it. But when you go to invoice it, you have to set the invoicing date or the pay that. You just have to manually update. That up to today's date.

Speaker 2  25:13
I don't know why that wouldn't work. I mean, it doesn't happen that often, and it would so your thought is, if you go to invoice it. And most of most of this Invoicing is done on that using that sales orders, needing invoicing report where they just select and do a bunch of them at a time. It would just pop up there and say, Hey, this invoice, you need to go adjust what could you set it to give you a prompt on what needs done in order to invoices? I don't care about that. Do you drew?

Speaker 1  25:53
No, I don't think so. I'm trying to think through if there's a problem with having a record posted, but it not pushing the accounting like, is that going to create a The only thing I can think of would be a customer deposits report. But it's customer deposit report. Should look at money deposit that that was paid like at that point. We're not, we're not concerned about whether. We're not concerned about a zero balance, we're just looking at an accumulation of dollars paid which it should not create an issue for that either. So I think that should be fine.

Matthias Miller  26:42
Well, we might have to fix the deposit report, or the customer deposit report,

Speaker 1  26:48
right? It makes it just watches for that the customer

Matthias Miller  26:52
deposit report needs to exclude bad debt payments

Speaker 1  27:02
and it might already anyway, right? I think that would, I think that would work. You're thinking you would add the do not post until invoicing date as a payment method, checkbox, criteria thing,

Matthias Miller  27:28
no, it's just, if it's bad debt, that's how it would work. And currently, bad debt tax adjustments are aren't posted until invoicing, although the the bad debt payment itself is.

Unknown Speaker  27:44
But how does it know that bad debt is like, like? So you're hard coding that particular payment method.

Matthias Miller  27:59
Well, any payment method that is, any payment method that adjusts sales tax liability for bad debt,

Speaker 1  28:09
yeah, got it. It's already

Matthias Miller  28:13
in there. Yeah, we're just assuming that that's means it's just bad debt and that, right,

Unknown Speaker  28:22
yeah, that should work.

Speaker 1  28:30
Yeah, some of those other sales adjustments, one shouldn't run till invoicing, either,

Matthias Miller  28:41
like the building,

Speaker 1  28:43
yeah, like the CVS building ones, the carport sales adjustment.

Speaker 1  28:52
Um, I guess those would be building his donation from the company, which, that's the bad debt one. Yeah, those CVs ones and the carport sales.

Matthias Miller  29:03
What if we, I mean, we can add another checkbox for basically transaction date, and it could either be payment date or invoice date or accounting date, accounting transaction date, and you can choose between invoice date or payment date.

Unknown Speaker  29:28
But now those,

Matthias Miller  29:33
but then when you invoice, you have CBS ones, then you have to update the dates on those as well.

Speaker 1  29:38
Right. Right, right. I Right? Yeah, that would work because, again, it's not, it's not hitting a hard until it's invoice so, and it would be, and I guess this would not back post to the invoice date. Would it like if we were, well, actually the CV. Ones should, even if you, you know, say, Hey, we got our payments five days later, and you want to enter it all as five days later, it should actually be be backdated, because what we're doing is we're just pulling it out of building sales and moving it to commission and stuff like that, right? But

Matthias Miller  30:19
then you need three options. One is invoice. Options. One is invoice date, payment date, or later of the two? Yeah. Well, I mean, I think the answer is on this one, if you just fill in the CBS values at time of invoicing you're basically going to be right.

Speaker 1  30:42
That's what they're supposed to do. Now they don't always, but

Matthias Miller  30:49
Okay, so then the alternate method is, I

Matthias Miller  31:06
Well, or it's actually not that it really is. I

Matthias Miller  31:20
I don't know what you call it. It's basically require. I

Matthias Miller  31:51
so you don't use the bad debt so that you can use it for

Speaker 1  31:58
I mean, Mark, how much, how much of an issue, like on these CVS buildings and stuff, if, if the sales adjustment doesn't move it to commission, you know, out of building to commissions. I mean, if it's over the end of the month, that's kind of a pain. But how much of an issue is it really? If it's several days off,

Unknown Speaker  32:26
several days off from the invoice date,

Speaker 1  32:29
right? Like so, the invoice date counts as building sales, and then, you know, but it's actually not a building sale, and then a week later, we make the adjustment and say, yeah, that never was our building sale. It was that was money that was supposed to be sent back, and a little bit of it is now commission.

Speaker 2  32:54
And it so the 85 15% split, if at the end of the month and our sale, it would show 8500 in building sales, and then a week later, when it's collected, that all goes away and 1500 shows up on carport commissions. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  33:16
Right? Right? I

Speaker 2  33:19
would just make, I would just force it to match, or

Unknown Speaker  33:24
match the invoice same as well.

Speaker 2  33:26
Yeah. I mean, it's going to be a bit of a pain, but it's, I think it's long term, it's the right thing to do. It's a bit of a pain as far as the process. When you go to invoice, then, oh, okay, go change these dates. But I'm concerned if we don't, we'll just have too many discrepancies.

Speaker 1  33:51
So you would like these commission CVS adjustment items to be as of just basically required to be the same as the invoice date, and then bad debt has to be on or after the invoice date.

Unknown Speaker  34:15
Yeah, I think so, yeah.

Speaker 1  34:21
So, so if we'd have two check boxes to check items, basically everything defaults to payment date, or else it be on invoice date or on or after invoice date according to the payment date. So

Unknown Speaker  34:53
were you asking me to

Unknown Speaker  34:54
No, I'm thinking out loud. I. Yeah, I think that's what it is.

Matthias Miller  35:15
Can we so that we get things to match? Okay, so when invoicing, if a payment,

Matthias Miller  35:41
if it uses invoice date, and the date will not match the invoice date, given error, the blank payment must be dated on date. Current Date must must be dated on the invoice date, new invoice date.

Matthias Miller  36:13
If a payment method uses later payment, slash invoice date. Give it given error, the payment must be dated the payment.

Matthias Miller  36:40
So basically, on CBS, you're going to have to, if it literally has to happen on invoice date, then you have to go before you invoice or you're going to have to go in and you're going to have to, if

Matthias Miller  36:59
it's the later of the two. Okay, are you saying bad debt would be the later of the two, obviously, obviously. And if CBS is the invoice date, then you have to go bump it forward to the date you're invoicing it on. It has to be that for you to invoice

Speaker 1  37:15
it. Or, well, yeah, I guess, because if it's not there, you could invoice anyway, yeah, right. When you enter it, it will require you to kick it back to the invoice date

Matthias Miller  37:27
if it's invoiced, but you can still enter it right.

Speaker 1  37:32
You could go to save it would say, Hey, you have to date this as of the invoice, right,

Matthias Miller  37:38
correct? Or when, when invoicing, and we're adding these payments

Speaker 1  37:46
so, so question if, if we have these check boxes on the payment method, and we're not posting them to accounting anyway, then you hadn't wanted to just put them in without an invoice date, I mean, without a date, and then have the invoice just stomp it in, right?

Matthias Miller  38:15
Do we require a payment date?

Unknown Speaker  38:17
We do so we would

Matthias Miller  38:21
just change it and it not to require payment date. So basically, so with that approach, you would say,

Matthias Miller  38:41
payment method apply after invoicing. And then you would say, on the payment method?

Matthias Miller  38:54
Well, it's really on or after.

Speaker 1  38:58
But then, yeah, like so if they go to enter these payments after the payment, after the after it's invoiced, it would require them to put a date in.

Unknown Speaker  39:10
If it has not yet been invoiced, then it would it would not allow them to put a date in, and upon invoicing, it would stomp the date in of the invoice.

Unknown Speaker  39:27
Maybe there's something complicated with that.

Matthias Miller  39:31
The only I mean that actually isn't terrible.

Matthias Miller  39:39
The big question then becomes, what happens with these CVS ones if you enter in after it's been invoiced? Are you required to back? Right? But you could still use the same payment method. You just use your logic, yeah. I would probably just do.

Unknown Speaker  40:11
So where'd those go if

Matthias Miller  40:18
we would do something like I

Matthias Miller  41:02
I was this one is about the happiest I am. This actually seems simple, and I can wrap my head around it so a payment method can specify what the accounting date is. It can be anytime. It can be on the invoice date, or it can be on or after the invoice date, and then a sales order, the date would be blank. Now you can't The weird thing is, anytime you search for these payments, it's like they don't exist. And hopefully that's fine,

Speaker 1  41:40
because proof of existence in a search is a date.

Matthias Miller  41:44
Well, I mean, if you, if you're running a report that searches by date, you're not able to find them, yeah. I mean, if you, you could, if you just have, if you have a date range of use, have a start date, but no end date, right, would probably include them. Yeah, potentially, I always get confused with how blanks work in these situations, but we normally do it anyway. Well, we can try it when it breaks. Worst thing that happens is that we'll we, can we keep using the try and see what breaks sales order is slightly scary, but the other thing we could do is just use the date and just know either require people to manually change it, like we had talked about earlier, or just know that because of this we're going to, I mean, because we know these weren't pushed to accounting, just go update the payment dates to at least be, you know, update the payment dates upon invoicing. Um, is it? Would it be awful to have a macro that's accounting date that would evaluate if the payment type is passed on invoice date, and there's no invoice date yet, then it would just have NA. And if there's invoice date, we use that, that would be too simple, Seth, and then we just use that on the AR report should just be another column in BRG, right? But then we use that in the AR report, yeah. We can use that for balance calculations, yeah. And then we don't have to do all this validation and stuff either. We don't care what they put in the payment date, necessarily, right? I think so.

Matthias Miller  43:48
So then we have, I

Matthias Miller  44:09
this could actually be the this could actually be the payment date. This

Matthias Miller  44:24
well, except this is not actually, this should actually be on invoice date, and this could actually be on slash after invoice date. Yeah, because we want to indicate that it's excluded prior to invoicing.

Matthias Miller  44:50
I think this is less invasive. I would agree. I.

Matthias Miller  45:00
And then you can still see entry when it was entered.

Matthias Miller  45:13
Okay, I'm happy. You guys happy.

Speaker 1  45:16
So explain it for me. This is another

Matthias Miller  45:21
thing, sales, on the sales order, not a field, but Well, it's a field on the on here, where we say, what accounting date Do you want to use payment date, invoice date, or on the invoice date, or on or after the invoice date, and then, and then here somewhere. Maybe it's off to the right, I don't know. You have an accounting date column that shows you what the accounting date would be for this. And then for when you're calculating the bat, when you're sending stuff across to accounting impact, you look at whether there's an accounting date set and what the date is. And you use that, if you're looking at the current AR balance, you use that same date to exclude things that aren't

Speaker 1  46:12
there, and that would just auto fill when you invoice it. You wouldn't put a date in. Otherwise, yep, yep. Good idea. Seth,

Matthias Miller  46:25
thank you. That's the best idea I had all day. Seth,

Unknown Speaker  46:30
now he has his Josh hat on. Now

Matthias Miller  46:32
he does have his Josh hat on, all right. So, Seth, is there, okay? Can we just what is, what is the, what would be the catastrophe if we said we don't care about accounting impact, transaction mismatches for 2024 or do you care about them?

Unknown Speaker  46:56
Um, yeah. Well, I yeah, I know there's issues there that should be cleaned up,

Unknown Speaker  47:14
maybe if we just bury them in the in the 2024 grave as well, but

Matthias Miller  47:28
it would be nice not to have to. It would be nice to switch how we handle bad debt transactions without needing to make it could keep working the old way for 2024

Speaker 1  47:50
would there? Would there be a way, probably not to allow it to push these transactions only through, and then we just say, Oh, this account jumped by this much. We journal it out.

Matthias Miller  48:20
I don't think there's an easy way to do that. We used to do it with, Oh, if you just if you unlock it for a bit and manually run, you unlock a bit, you make sure you take the void off the unmodified records, and you filter by so num ID, or you have the where you have to void apply to, you know, have to void subset value based on the SOM IDs you're importing for. I mean, it's slightly scary, just a little bit.

Speaker 1  49:08
I mean, basically it would adjust bad debt expense, an accrued sales tax,

Matthias Miller  49:15
yeah, but there's also some AR customer deposit switches that are, that are happening, yeah?

Speaker 1  49:21
Well, there's a bunch of stuff in here still due to our handling of buybacks. So it could be that one of those issues gets mixed in as well, but

Matthias Miller  49:41
it's also slightly,

Speaker 1  49:45
I mean, if we could figure out if it's, you know, make sure that we're isolating only to this particular kind of issue, like the change in bad debt. And accrued tax. Okay,

Matthias Miller  50:05
Seth, you're gonna hate me for this, so bear with me. Um, technically, all that needs to happen is we need to. We could conceivably have an so payment account impact 2020, 24 an so account impact, bad debt tax adjustment. 2024 and only run the tax adjustment, 2025 I'm it gets more complicated than that, doesn't it, though, because you actually need to run accounting impact on both and any transactions occurring in 2024 you grab the old method. Any transactions occurring in 2025 you grab the new method. That's really painful. It's going to make the kind of impact that much worse to try to deal with long term. Is there any way that we could give drew away to I mean, the answer is yes, we could, basically a report that says that gives him, shows the discrepancies, transaction by transaction, and then says, Yep, go push this across, which still means he has to run it through, not for an unlocked period, which is slightly scary.

Speaker 1  51:40
Like basically on that mismatches report, you can just say, Yeah, push this you know, if I unlock, you say, Yeah, push this one through. And then I'll fix journal entries, whatever I need to do. And it

Matthias Miller  51:55
would just push a single, single transaction, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  52:04
And then, yes, we do have to manually. We do have to manually code

Matthias Miller  52:18
the update i

Speaker 1  52:24
Yeah, well, I did just run into something QuickBooks. I don't know if this is a particular setting or a new feature or what, but, and maybe it's been there a long time, and I just never needed it. But anyway, if you do want to make a change to something in a locked period or a closed period, it you can make that it automatically writes a journal entry to get rid of it, and writes a journal entry as of your current date to bring it into the current period. So it's like, if you hit the push this one through, then it just creates a reversing journal entry as of the date of this day item you push through to get rid of it, or, like, a, you know, opposite of whatever the journal entry is of that thing, and then current day you reverse it and bring it back into the current period, but there's going to be an endless amount of things that won't match anymore because of journal entries. So I have an idea. Unless you recreated the same whole item of the same day of today's date,

Matthias Miller  53:38
what if we let accounting impact run for historical periods, but if it's for a locked period, we have rows in there that are flagged as corrective entries, and we make sure that it nets that the transaction nets out to the same amount, and those get ignored for the sake of discrepancies. And then you could search for transactions where there are discrepancies and justify them. I

Unknown Speaker  54:11
think I got lost, okay,

Matthias Miller  54:15
accounting impact currently does not touch lock transactions, right, okay, but what if we changed it to say, say, accounting impact effectively, can run for locked transactions. Let's not think about the specifics of how it does it. But so accounting impact runs says, Oh, here's a transaction. Oh, it doesn't match. Let's go update it. And then it says, when it gets ready to save it says, throws up its hands and says it's in a locked transaction. We can't do this. Okay, let's go look at all the accounts that were on the previous transaction, net, net. You know, what's the net debit, credit for that one, let's compare it against the new transaction, net debit, credit. And let's create adjustment entries on the new transaction such that that the you. Impact on all these accounts zeros out, and we flag those rows in a special way, as these are accounting impact, corrective locked period, corrective line items. Then you can run accounting impact historically all you want. Nobody cares, and it keeps pushing, pushing, pushing, pushing, pushing, pushing, pushing. And then, if you want to reconcile it, then we give you a report that says, Show me all transactions in 2024 that have corrective line items on it. And you go through and you say, and we can even maybe give you some kind of a an approval process, or something like that, says, Yeah, I believe in this. I don't believe in this. I believe in this. I don't believe in this. This is wrong. Let's go fix it. And every time, every time we change the corrective amounts, it would clear the approval flag and and show up for you for approval again. But the numbers would

Speaker 1  55:51
never shift. Go ahead. That would, that would work, except for like, generally, those items all need pushed to the current period then, so, so it would have to write, you know, so let's say it's something like this, where bad debt increases or decreases. So here's an expense that we filed on incorrectly, you know, whether it be too much or too little, doesn't matter. It now needs to adjust the current period, because we can't, we can't make that new discovery adjust last period. So we got to bring it to today. Um, I

Matthias Miller  56:43
so basically, we're just automating what you're what QuickBooks does,

Speaker 1  56:49
yeah, I mean, it's just, it's just trying to automate what I have to do. I to fix these mismatches, like, basically, okay, surgically, go in and change stuff and create journal entries to correct it to zero it back then, and create a new journal entry for today and so on. I have another idea.

Matthias Miller  57:11
We don't touch the original transaction. Instead, we have corrective transactions. Um, which well or, okay, I'm getting really, really hand wavy. I'm not thinking through the specifics of this, but we say you can actually have multiple transactions per you can have multiple transactions per i don't know how this all works, multiple transactions per record. And if, if the original transaction is in an unlocked period, we just go back and fix it. And if it's not, well, there's a few ways we could do this. I don't know how we should do it. If it's in a lock transaction, then we create Delta transactions to correct it, to get it to where it needs to be in the accounting mismatch report looks at that to find out, make sure that the net impact is correct. Now the question is good

Speaker 1  58:25
so it like posts a variance, basically the difference it posts to the current period, yes.

Matthias Miller  58:33
Now the question

Speaker 1  58:35
as long as, as long as our report has a way of compensating for that. So let's say it's an AR report, and there's this old thing that didn't push through, and so now we push a variance. So balance sheet for the current period says AR is here, but the report says, well, that's a that's old, now dated. It doesn't fit her as of date model, you know. So it's going to be off, can, can it somehow pull in an amount of those corrections or something?

Matthias Miller  59:16
So basically, you want a, I mean, it's almost like a cash versus accrual system, except it's a trigger event versus recorded event, where you potentially want to report on a on AR for the reported period, like you effectively want to pull a balance sheet and have it look at the numbers based on when You want it to post it, not when you actually when you actually did post it, right? Yeah, I think so.

Speaker 1  59:52
Um. The other thing there was something we ran into a little while ago. We ran into it on the AP where we had journaled things to AP, so anytime you create a journal entry, your record is going to your, your reconciling report with you know, your, your list of AR, AP, or whatever it is. Of those records, it's going to mismatch. It's going to be off because you create a journal entry so doesn't have a source, yep. So what we decided to do with AP, because there were some of those, we said, let's just create a another AP account that we always journaled to, and then we can look at our total AP or, you know, the the balance report is only the normal AP account, you know, those are the ones that are going to jive. And then we have this other in accounting, where this journaled accounts payable for anytime we create journal entries. So if we did something like this, and we had a journal they are, it would, it would journal those corrections into there, and our regular AR account would still match with our regular AR that's going on and happening.

Matthias Miller  1:01:16
So basically, what we would need to do is on a on the general ledger Chart of Accounts, be able to say, when you have a corrective transaction for this account, actually don't post it to me. Posted to to him.

Speaker 1  1:01:42
Yeah. But though, and thinking about that, we're going to need that corrective account for every single account, because it's possible that

Matthias Miller  1:01:54
which is where, if you had a way to say, this is a journal, this journal entry is a corrective account is a correction to a prior either to a prior date or to a prior transaction, then you could have a custom balance sheet that runs off of the correct corrective date, the trigger dates. Okay?

Matthias Miller  1:02:24
This is a ton of work, but I'm afraid that we're going to, as we change how this stuff works, we're going to increasingly run into these types of issues, and reconciling them is just going to be absolutely painful,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:41
right?

Matthias Miller  1:02:57
Okay, can we do this? Can we say, for the time being, we are going to create a whole bunch of discrepancies in 2024 because of sales tax experiences and how we're running this. And I mean, this seems to be an independent problem that we can and potentially should solve, depending on scope and budget. But for the sake of this conversation, the specific changes Seth, are you able to remember how specifically accounting impact changed between the different, all the different? Yeah, you're saying with what we did in the last two or three days? Yeah. So, so one of the things that we did go ahead, let me just go for it. One of the things that we did is, is we, we changed previously the bad debt payments were applied at the date of payment, that's when they were expensed out like a donation. And then we had a separate bad debt, a bad debt tax adjustment that happened on or after invoicing with the wrong amount. And what we changed that to be is to have that transaction be dated at the latest of payment data, invoice date, and have it all combined into single transaction, so that that payment row gets linked out to a transaction that adjusts sales tax and expenses out the balance appropriately, which, to me, makes more sense, But it creates a ton of discrepancies, historically, right?

Matthias Miller  1:04:46
And Seth, weren't there some things with customers? Were there some things with customer deposit? And, yeah? AR, can I just send you a link to the revisions and do. Did fall sure and just scan through. I wonder if that'll be the fastest way. The other main thing then was the actual tax adjustments. There are some nuances, like we go, I Here we go,

Matthias Miller  1:05:28
get in. I

Matthias Miller  1:05:34
had a power outage last night. Okay, I did. My power supply doesn't isn't working. I mean, it's not shutting down like it should restarting. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:05:52
so when the initial invoicing transaction now is frozen, so the initial invoicing transaction will be treated as sales and use tax, and will change up until you process tax for the first time. At the point that you process tax, the first time that original invoicing transaction freezes. And from that point forward, if you change tax exempt tax type, anything like that, will create additional journal entries to adjust that going forward, if you change the use tax materials amount, that will always update the original invoicing transaction, yeah, it won't, because Use tax is also in the RG, yes, but we said the material cost, though, not the use tax, but the material. Yeah. Sorry, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:06:55
And so all of that seems fine, and I do. I do. I seem to recall some kind of shift with customer deposits and AR, and I can't for the life of me, pull it up. So we reviewed most of these diffs in here, and we felt as great accountants as we are, like, like, they were all justified, but like, here you can see we had a bad a bad debt tax adjustment. Previously for one or 270, a sales were to pay for 1467, we smashed it into a single transaction. Sales tax dropped by six bucks or something, and the and then this is the net. I mean, these are the differences on the transaction. This is how the transaction changed, not the whole transaction. So we are these transactions change, not the whole transactions. So we basically merged these two lines together and adjusted the bad debt expense appropriately, because it's all and fixed the amount

Speaker 1  1:08:12
and that that seems to be right. And those over there like there's only one line on the new impact column, there's only one column of or no, okay, there is two.

Matthias Miller  1:08:25
Like now there are, let's, let's see if we can find a tax Do we have a new Do we have a tax adjustment on the right hand side? Seth, here we go. Here's here's another one. So here's the new sales tax adjustment. So we invoiced it, so the use tax at invoicing dropped by $6 to match what you actually paid. And then on the 31st Okay, This could get interesting, because we're spanning the years. Then here we expense out more and more use tax $3 more, and then $2 more, presumably, as we've been adjusting the material price,

Matthias Miller  1:09:34
here's another one. Here the This one's probably in process. Oh, I mean, this is all well, here we adjusted and reversed tax rates or tax changes for whatever reason, adjusted and reversed and then 90, $94 more, instead of the this will happen within 2024, so that's not. Need to worry about. So sales tax order adjustment should really be the only other material change, also a cancel, added cancel that

Unknown Speaker  1:10:13
sounds sounds right to me. I

Matthias Miller  1:10:27
Is there any fear about taking this live whenever the next update goes? I

Speaker 1  1:10:48
how much this might be a question for Mark, if, if we would let it just wholesale. Post to 2024 we just open it up, say, push all the 2024 stuff in, and then we would create a journal entry, just a big journal entry to any account that changed to reverse it, to reverse those changes since different from what we filed, and then create a duplication of that in Reverse to bring them into 2025, on the first I um, how, how bad of an idea is that?

Speaker 1  1:11:52
I mean, basically, we would know that any reconcile is going to be off by that journal entry amount as of the first and in 2024 possibly

Speaker 2  1:12:14
you're saying any reconcile that would be any reconcile between something Like our AR reports and the AR balance.

Matthias Miller  1:12:21
Right, right?

Speaker 1  1:12:27
I mean, in a way, that's a one time fix. So you're, you're hoping that you don't just, you know, come every end of every year, or three quarters of the way through every year you're redoing it for the prior year, because that would just be a mess too. But it's I'm I think a lot of these other things we talked about are also a mess, kind of like they have a potential for being becoming a mess. I And

Speaker 1  1:13:07
so, I mean, I ideally, you would take each transaction, you would say, okay, yeah, I understand what this wants it to do. I'm going to fix, you know, I manual. What I do currently is I manually rewrite the transaction to match what it wants to say, and then I memo link to another transaction that reverses it for the period, because I don't want to see those changes. And then I memo link to yet a third transaction in the current period to to bring those things forward. That's what I'm that's what I'm doing currently, um, which will have all the same end effect. It's just a whole lot more traceable. You know, you say, Oh, this transactions for this and this. And, you know you can, you can figure out what each one is, what I'm proposing is. You won't know whether this like you won't know what this big journal entry is correct days by you know which sales orders, or which vendor invoices or whatever like. So it's not, theoretically, it's not traceable. That's kind of my fear about

Matthias Miller  1:14:33
it. I have a very wild another wild idea, what if. Every time, what if? What if, like you're saying, we allow accounting impact to go hog wild, do whatever it wants to, and you have a massive transaction at the at the end, January, 1 of the year, following the change, and you add a. You add entries to that for the net impact of it, and you include in there the rich the originating transaction ID.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:21
Yeah, but how do you get that originating transaction ID?

Matthias Miller  1:15:28
Oh, as part of the accounting impact process,

Speaker 1  1:15:31
the accounting impact process would would say this is going into a locked period. Here's our net effect journal entry with all our IDs connected to it.

Matthias Miller  1:15:45
Yeah. And I guess if we do that, then it could also create the reverse reversal transaction as well. So it knows that there's a December 31 and January 1 transaction that it

Unknown Speaker  1:15:56
needs to update. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:02
Yeah, what that would do is,

Speaker 1  1:16:11
I would want to, I would want to put a layer in between and not like so for general user entries, you know, somebody puts a wrong date in or whatever, it wouldn't allow them to do anything more than it currently does. Well, no, actually, it does allow them to do the stuff, and it just creates a mismatch and fix it, I think, I don't know, but anyway, I would want to be able to go through the mismatch report and say, this one, this one, this one, this one, this one, go ahead and post and make the correcting journal entries, but not necessarily just every night when it runs, say, Yep, sure, and we create a new journal entry.

Matthias Miller  1:16:58
So then, but if we did that, then we could just create a new process by which we could do it one either one record or one transaction at a time, and you click the button and we and everything just happens. You have to unlock to unlock to run the report. You would you would run these things, it would apply the changes, and you could have it automatically apply the journal entries as well. In that particular case,

Speaker 1  1:17:40
that that feels safer. What I don't, what I don't want to have happen is posting something back there that really should, just right, have been posted to the current, you know, if somebody sends us a bill and it's dated for last year, but we didn't get it and, you know, well, no fui, it's just this year's bill and we move on.

Speaker 2  1:18:07
So Matthias, what you're proposing sounds to me like it would be similar to the applying actual cost method, where you say I want to clean up all accounting mismatches in this like you create a record, and you say, you know from one, 124, through 1231, 24 for this company, and you select your start and end date, and then it automatically posts your uh. Would it automatically post the reversing journal entry and the the opposite journal entry to a date you select? Or is it like I could also see us using this periodically, in, say, in 25 where, and the third quarter, we say, okay, let's, let's run this again for the first two quarters, the first three quarters, and then we don't necessarily, then we just want all of these variance transactions, so to speak, to Post in the correct time. And nothing else needs right done? Well,

Speaker 1  1:19:24
if it's a mismatch in the current period, then usually it's because something's wrong with the record.

Speaker 2  1:19:34
So this would only be used in a in a locked period where or we're saying, we don't want to change the end result. We don't want to change, say, the balance sheet account, the account balances that we had at the end of the period,

Speaker 1  1:19:57
right? It just think. About it. If it's a mismatch, because it's does know to post, you know, then it stay there and, you know, you'd have to fix it. But if it's a mismatch, because, well, it's a locked period, so it hasn't been allowed to change it, those would be the ones that would run then again, if you could just select the ones you want to have run and away you go. But I like the accounts

Unknown Speaker  1:20:27
you want to run or you want to change

Matthias Miller  1:20:33
well, or the transactions you want to push across.

Speaker 2  1:20:35
Oh, you would, you would look at all accounts. But then just, I and then, then, if you take a few of them out, that would also change your adjusting large journal entry at the end of the period in the first day of the next period, right? Like, if you Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:21:07
why? To me, I think that makes a lot of sense. So you would go back create it, a correcting journal entry on the day that it should have the day that it in 24 word created the words creating the mismatch, and then reverse that on both three, 124 and then do the opposite on one, 125 so that it's reflected on 25 folks,

Matthias Miller  1:21:40
Would you be vehemently opposed if we literally updated the original transaction to be what it should be, and then just also added the two new transactions?

Speaker 2  1:21:54
The two new transactions as like the 1231 and the one one. Yeah, but if we do that, and even if we don't do that, I think we should like line out each transaction, like if there's 100 mismatches in AR, then I think we should have 100 line items that reference back to those 100 different sales orders, rather than just a lump sum in AR, so that we can diagnose

Matthias Miller  1:22:28
would you be opposed to creating a transaction per like a one to one on transaction? So for each transaction you update, you would create two transactions. Each would link back to the source record. And then once those are created, you could actually link from the source record forward to those two and so you would end up, if you fix 100 sales orders, you would end up with 200 more, total of 300 transactions.

Speaker 1  1:22:56
So if you do that, in order to keep I'm saying what would, what would keep the records consistent if you posted the correcting journal entry on the day of the change? So let's say it's something that August 6. You're correcting a journal an entry on August 6, you do? You post the reversal transaction or the correcting transaction August 6 or 1231 the reversal to bring it into the current period would always be, you know, the the first but,

Matthias Miller  1:23:38
oh, I get what you're saying. Oh, you could, you could have it be the same date of the original right? No, you want it on the same date as the original transaction. Yes,

Speaker 1  1:23:47
you changed. That's what the record would be saying, right? Like the AR, the sales order would be saying that should be this as of, no,

Matthias Miller  1:23:57
yeah, no, no, it wouldn't.

Speaker 1  1:24:02
No, you'd want it at the end of the year, right? The 1231 because if you invoice, if you said sales, what our AR was 5000 and now you're saying, No, actually it's supposed to be 6000 if you reverse that immediately, your reconcile report is going to be off, because it's going to say, yeah, there was 6000 and we're only showing a net of five, yep. So yeah, you want it all 1231 that way everything matches up through 1231 it will not match, because that's when all your entries are and one one of the next year will not match. Yeah, never mind that funny trail. I just couldn't figure out where it was. I.

Matthias Miller  1:25:31
Actually like that on 1231 and one wonder, do you don't you look at the periods like the closed period, find the end of the whatever period that thing's in, and then the first date that's outside of a

Speaker 1  1:25:47
so, like, if you would do a mid year, close or something, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:25:50
Well, we're gonna have to, we're gonna have to make assumptions, because you're gonna have to unlock the period for that. Oh, never mind. So we don't really know what the period is. It's true. Have the report prompt or what do you want? Period, end date,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:11
could you well,

Matthias Miller  1:26:18
prompt? Prompt for a prompt for a discrepancy date range defaulting to prior year. End of date range equals 1231, for the net zero transaction prompt for, just for a period, a after period equals reversal, include weird instructions the top of the work for what it will do. Can we basically do this? Okay, but when? What happens if you here's the other really interesting thing that we need to think about, because you might change of the okay.

Matthias Miller  1:27:22
If, if you change, if you have a date, if you have an event that happened in 24 and you think it should be in 25 then, then you need to move it to 25 create a reversal. And

Matthias Miller  1:27:50
all things for date changes. I'm,

Speaker 1  1:27:56
well, there, there is some stuff where you have to go to the transaction and unhook the transaction if you wanted to stay there. Is that what you're talking about like, no, well,

Matthias Miller  1:28:10
let's say that somebody had a payment. It's more like somebody had a payment for In on 1213, 24 and we actually got it on 114, 25 so but we already closed the books. I know this is weird, but we did. Yeah, so you need to change the transaction date, but then you would only, I think you would only create the so you would do a net zero and 1231, but you and you wouldn't create the one, one transaction, because it's going to occur again.

Speaker 1  1:28:44
Oh, if you move the date in the record, right? Yes. So if you have, if the change is having moved a date in the record to the current period, do

Speaker 1  1:29:06
uh, so, so basically, what if it is, if it is correcting the original transaction, it is taking it right out of the books for that period, right? Because the day changed and you're now out of that period. So then you only have the 1231 just to put it back into that period, right, and then it comes up again upon that date. Yeah, yep, yeah, no,

Matthias Miller  1:29:33
if you, if you do both, if you change the date and the transaction anyway, you're going to need a little bit of a Delta transaction on one, one, but not the full transaction,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:46
right, right.

Matthias Miller  1:29:55
Oh, this is fun. Draw. Up for three minutes or something. Okay, are you all going to continue for a while? Or, I don't know, continue? I'm not sure. I mean, we can't. I'm sorry. We need to. We need to wrap to get going.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:15
That's yeah, whatever. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:30:18
so arc. I Yeah, okay, here's what it feels to me. This definitely is a this is a bulldozer. I mean, I don't know if it's a bulldozer a brain surgeon solution, but it's something along those lines. It's, it still seems to me like there's enough complexity to manage with these changes that they would be of tremendous value. I don't anticipate, you know, but the knot in my stomach thing is, this could be, I don't know. I don't think it's more than like, it could be as much as three or four days of Seth and I getting our heads together and pair programming it and figuring it all out. And if he's on his own with it, which he's not, he's off. So he can't argue with me. Like, you know, if it's somebody else's solo, maybe it's three, or it should be two weeks my balloon to three or something like, it's not a it's non trivial, but it fixes the it seems like it gives us a good fix for the discrepancy problem without and removes the manual labor part of it. I don't know. Mark, what are your thoughts on all of this?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:47
Well, I mean, through it, would basically automate what you're doing, what you have done manually, right, or have been doing manually,

Speaker 1  1:31:57
right? And, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised we'd be looking at, I mean, not maybe quite that many hours to fix this stuff manually, but quite a few.

Speaker 2  1:32:16
Well, I think this will be more okay. We're doing this with the assumption that all of our records that we're working off of, sales, orders, payments, vendor invoices, that those are the source of truth, and we Just need a way for accounting to match that. And then the reason the county can't match that for most cases is because it's they're in a log period is that, is that an accurate that that's basically what we're doing? Correct?

Matthias Miller  1:32:57
Yes. And there's a small little footnote that whenever we want to change the details of how things get pushed across to accounting, like we're doing with sales tax history adjustments. I guess that's still that's just a subset of what you're saying. That's a footnote. I think that's right.

Speaker 2  1:33:18
So, and I like the manual, the step that drew you were asking to put in there, so that you can scan through and say, Well, no, this is for whatever reason you need to go back and maybe change the record, or it would flag things where, when I say the record, I'm saying the source document that where the accounting transaction is derived off of

Speaker 2  1:33:46
it allows you to go back and change those. If there's good, I'm sure we'll run into some of those. It, it makes a lot of sense to me, and it's one of those things where, if we're overlooking something, and you spend this time to create this, and we start using we say, Oh, we didn't. I mean, I don't think that's the situation, but if we say, Oh, we didn't think about this and and this actually, it won't work. I mean, yeah, it'll be real sad. It'll be for the time and the energy that went into it. But it's not like we're at that point we can stop and change course, if we if, if we would need to. I don't anticipate that, but it's, it's not like we're we've changed a whole bunch of records, and then we say, Oh, I wish we wouldn't have done that. This just makes absolute chaos, like there's a stopping point where we can say, Yeah, this makes sense, or no, it doesn't right. So, but moving forward, is this something that will will continue to I mean, the No, I think it's a great idea. I think we should move ahead with it. I. Uh, what I

Unknown Speaker  1:35:03
I don't fully understand, what would be most helpful for me to wrap my mind around it is if we could pick an actual

Speaker 2  1:35:16
one or two records that we have mismatches and and you could mock up and show what are the accounting? What would the suggested changes be? How would that look? But then the other just note, I guess, is what we're most what I'm most concerned about moving you know, in 25 and moving forward, is having reports that validate our balance sheet accounts. So if AR says 75,000 that we can that a report also reflects 75,000 so or AP says 120,000 but that also reflects 120,000

Matthias Miller  1:36:08
and this is going to be the most effective way, or this is going to make it easier to get that reconciliation.

Speaker 2  1:36:20
So I'm going to have to drop for just about two minutes to get some guy a check here, but I'll be right back.

Speaker 1  1:36:29
Matthias, did we talk about this already? What if, instead of changing locked period transaction, because it seems like we're doing this because we want to clean up our mismatch report, yep. So what if, and this might just not work in the system, but instead of editing the locked period transaction and creating the journals so that accounting stays Correct. What if we just if it wants, if it says, Hey, you have a mismatch, it says, Okay, we have X dollars accounted for in 24 the net change, we then create a new transaction the first day of the new period of the unlocked period, right the 125 and then the mismatch report says, Hey, this has two transactions, the one in 24 the one in 25 and they, you know, the Total comes out right to what we want to see. And so it goes off the report,

Matthias Miller  1:37:47
and we the only thing we really look at on the report is what's the net impact of to the income statement and balance sheet? And we don't care really about anything else, dates or when it happened. Did it just head out to I mean, did we actually net the end and impact that we were looking for

Unknown Speaker  1:38:10
right, incorrect accounts

Matthias Miller  1:38:12
in the correct accounts, right? I mean, are the did AP and rental fees and revenue, the other income all get reach the is the net impact of this record on those accounts? Is that correct? Yeah, when all is said and done, I think

Speaker 1  1:38:33
you could drill into one, you know, or maybe it would just show you, well, no, I mean, we're looking for if there's an issue, but, you know, you would want to, like, if you open up one of those items, you'd be able to see, well, we have, you know, a locked period adjustment item in the transaction history, or whatever, like for that, that sales order would have, you know, sales order paid, sales order invoiced. What are all those normal ones? And then it would be, you know, open period, adjustment, whatever, whatever it is

Matthias Miller  1:39:18
that's actually, really, let's see,

Speaker 1  1:39:23
I think it would create a a balance sheet reconcile issue for the locked period, unless we have a way of, You know, figuring those things into the our report. I

Matthias Miller  1:39:46
Well, couldn't you do your couldn't you theoretically do your reconciliation through the first and never run anything any other transactions on the first ideally, and so for your period transactions, you would run it as of. First,

Unknown Speaker  1:40:04
yeah, yeah. Like,

Speaker 1  1:40:14
if, if the report could look at, you know, I mean, this makes the report complicated, I think. But if it can look at, okay, it says that this much is in AR, you know, this much needs paid, but $200 of that AR doesn't hit accounting until one, 125, and the other of it hits back there. And so it it would know to say, as of this day, it's 5200 and as of this date, it's an additional 200 because that got pushed out,

Matthias Miller  1:41:02
I would still turn these out to specific sales orders. So you have a sales order back, back on nine, 624, that should have, okay, if we go down this road, it makes it easier, because you don't have to unlock the answer if you want to reconcile a reconcile AR as of nine, six of 2024, you can't, because we're not updating that transaction, and we're not creating a journal entry for that transaction, but it lets you reconcile as of one, 125, for that period. And so if you if AR is two is $2 too low, you would just create a transaction link to that sales, a corrective transaction linked to that sales order or actually linked to the source transaction for one, 125, and the reconciliation report then would say, All right, this transaction should have, should have increased or decreased AR by this amount, it has a corrective transaction, source transaction, let's look at the source transaction, correction, correct, corrective transaction. What was the net increase, decrease? And does that match? And if it doesn't match, then we still have a discrepancy.

Speaker 1  1:42:10
Does that? So basically, you'd be running if we want to go back and do a reconcile of 24 we would we would say, not 1231, 24 but one, 125, correct, and we should be matching at that point,

Matthias Miller  1:42:28
yep, because you're not going to be running transactions on real 25 transactions on one, 125

Unknown Speaker  1:42:35
Right. Right.

Matthias Miller  1:42:40
Now, the downside is you can't go back and say, Well, it happens sometime in the year, but when, because we're not modifying the lock period at all at that

Speaker 1  1:42:49
point, right? I mean, in a way, I like that better, because I mean, reality is any changes that you deem necessary always need to end up in the current period. So normally, that's done by correction, correction, correction, moving them forward. But I don't know it could possibly be either way, the way of all the journal entries allows for for doing reconciles, but the radically a reconcile of a locked period should be done before the period is locked.

Matthias Miller  1:43:38
Correct?

Speaker 1  1:43:40
You know. I mean, that's why you're reconciled. So like now all the records that I'm doing, I'm only looking at 2025 and we're we're just journaling out differences to I've won 20 511. 25 so I think

Matthias Miller  1:44:04
this is a for secure solution. Anything it's done, it can be done by 79 a day.

Speaker 2  1:44:10
So I just, I've been on for about two minutes, is what you're proposing. Thing. Look at everything a lot period. Leave everything untouched. But take the example, if we had on nine 124, a sales order that I don't know the it was paid in full. And then later in 25 after this was locked, somebody changed the invoice amount, and it now shows $1,000 it the invoice total had been, had been by 1000 somebody now changed it a legit change to 4000 so now, well, let's just say the income, see, the AI account, rather than for that, rather than being zero, should be negative $1,000 all you're going to do is create a. Journal Entry, negative $1,000 in on 125 the first day after the period you're looking at. Is that what you're you're doing,

Speaker 2  1:45:17
and then the net of all these changes. I don't know how this is going to work, but you're going to have a whole bunch of journal entry line items, and then in the end, you have to do something with these. Let's say that the sum total is we showed $50,000 our income in 24 was 50,000 higher than it should have been because of these mistakes that we not discovered. Then we would just have the option to write that 50,000 to the single account, or account of our choosing on on this journal entry on all 125 is that. Is that the thought like retail, okay, wow, it'd

Matthias Miller  1:46:03
be automatic

Speaker 2  1:46:05
expenses or whatever. Okay, you're just levitating it to the same account. Yeah. Oh, better yet, yeah, yeah. So then we have

Speaker 1  1:46:25
it just does a regular post, except for it just puts the net in in the open period, instead of on the date that you dated the thing for,

Unknown Speaker  1:46:42
okay? Uh, one this

Speaker 2  1:46:45
has me all excited about, about this potential for this. I mean, I don't know. I don't see any, any, okay, what that would do is then one, 225, and forward our report and account balances should match, granted the other issues are are fixed. And then we're saying we've, we've filed 24 anyway, and that we file taxes on that, and that's we're leaving that untouched.

Matthias Miller  1:47:25
It makes me really happy not to need to unlock a historical period.

Speaker 2  1:47:30
And so are you. You're going to probably do special marketing on these correcting transactions so that we can identify them, as well as somehow tie them to the somehow make so they disappear from the accounting mismatches that the accounting mismatches take these into account, right? Like they're they're linked to that.

Matthias Miller  1:47:56
Yeah, yes, correct

Speaker 1  1:48:02
mark with this, the only balance sheet account reconciled that will work for the closed period will be a one, 125, in this case. So like, if you want to do an account balance reconcile as of November 3, it's probably not going to match, because all those records say, Well, this is what it was, not knowing that you know 5% of it actually posted on 25 so you have to include, you have to go through the period up to one, one and 25 and then they should match,

Speaker 2  1:48:49
which I don't see any, any use, practical use case anyway, for for going back into 24 and saying, I mean, I could see it trying to do comparisons but just know that that was we were in our teenage years and 24

Matthias Miller  1:49:14
This isn't how you live your life, but the the very thought of even possibly introducing The idea of sowing wild oats in the accounting space is very frightening to me.

Speaker 2  1:49:29
Well, agree, I don't. I would, wouldn't support that theory, but yeah, you could say we were, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:49:44
in order to pull the current period correct.

Speaker 1  1:49:55
So, so let's take AR. I'm. Their stuff. You know, some changes are pushing things to one, 125, and AR But those same items are not on the AR report, because they're actually old 2024, items. We have one, 125 balance sheet is off from the AR report that's going to continue through so so then we have to post those. We have to make a journal entry to bring those back in, and that might mean changing as new posts come in to keep that thing balanced with the AR report

Speaker 2  1:50:45
you're saying after after, we do this cleanup one time, if more changes are made on sales orders after that.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:55
Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:50:57
yeah. And even consider it might even continue across multiple years. So 2026 we might have to make a trick correction to something that happened in 2024 because we caught something, or we changed, or your proof supporters.

Speaker 2  1:51:11
And so we'll just expand the range we're looking at.

Speaker 2  1:51:25
Hmm, and years you had, I think it was on accounts payable. You had, like, a $50,000 journal entry you needed to make for more affordable you would now not do that, and this would replace that.

Speaker 1  1:51:41
Well, no, this would give the reason and the understanding as to why that $50,000 journal entry needs to be made.

Speaker 2  1:51:49
Oh, yeah, rather than you making a simple one line journal entry for 50,000 and doing a lot of documentation at the bottom in the notes, this would might have 1000 line items on the transaction and everything, a way to link back and see why the $50,000 change

Speaker 1  1:52:12
Yeah, or I still like the idea of the individual transaction for Each one or the yeah actually posts. But those transactions, just thinking about it, those transactions should be slightly different, because they should create, I mean, we could, we could make it manual or automatic, probably, but like, if it's an AR that normally would post parts as well. Actually, the we're posting to AR Because we're when you get outside of the closed period, but the the item is no longer actually in AR, so therefore we need to push all of it to other expense or other income.

Matthias Miller  1:53:01
But if you just look at, if you just look at, what was this transaction, what did we want it to be, and what's the difference? And for line by line, you just do difference this account, you know, new versus old, or however it is, line by line, and that's the transaction you create. All that stuff, just, works.

Speaker 1  1:53:23
Yeah, yeah, it does, except for it messes up the current period because your AR balance sheet increases or decreases, but, but AR report does not increase or decrease. So, so I would want it to then

Unknown Speaker  1:53:43
put the net, you know, have the net change in 2025 instead of posting to a balance sheet account, should post to an income statement account,

Matthias Miller  1:54:00
no, but if you have a historical period, then you create a correction, or payment in the historical period, then you post a correction to the payment which gets it out of AR. Or if you have a payment in the current period, then that will post AR which takes it out. Am I missing something?

Speaker 2  1:54:21
So Drew. I think if, okay, this is this helpful or not, but I think if we were to look at a, just from my understanding, if we were looking at a balance sheet, let's, let's pick ABC, because I know they're way off balance sheet for ABC as of one, 125, and then pull a payable aging report as well. We're going to have a difference of roughly 50,000 I believe.

Unknown Speaker  1:54:56
Well, no, I put the journal entry in.

Speaker 2  1:54:59
Okay? Wow. Okay, if you didn't, if you hadn't, we would have a see the balance sheet which, which was higher? Was the balance sheet showing 50,000 more?

Speaker 1  1:55:15
No, it was 50,000 too low. I think

Speaker 2  1:55:21
too low. So what you're saying is, okay, on these line by line transactions, it will increase the balance sheet account, the accounts payable account, by 50,000 but the other side of that transaction is what you're saying, we need to define where that's posted to, right? They can't. We can't

Speaker 1  1:55:44
just because it's actually not Accounts Payable currently,

Matthias Miller  1:55:50
you know, okay, but, but the original the transaction we wanted to write balances out, right? That's out, and the AR is assuming, assuming the the other account is revenue, or something like that, I don't know, or maybe some combination,

Unknown Speaker  1:56:11
oh,

Matthias Miller  1:56:13
and so if we just compare, what was the old transaction, what do we want to write both of those balance out? So then to find, you know, AR is different. Revenue is a little bit different, and the use tax materials account is a little bit different. And if we just, if we just subtract line by line by line which account, what's the difference in discount this account, this account, this account, we will find what the appropriate other accounts are for the for the balancing transaction, and it will balance out to where it needs to be.

Speaker 1  1:56:46
Oh, right, except I

Speaker 2  1:57:04
so Matthias, are you expecting? Okay, but, but how would the transaction look for a for accounts payable? Would you have both a debit and a credit of the same amount to AP, accounts payable for one, one.

Matthias Miller  1:57:24
Well, okay, so let's say that you have a sales order. Let's come up with a specific, specific example. Do you have a sales order that where the where the invoice amount increased or decreased? Let's say it increased, okay, increased by $200 and that 200 additional $200 was that also revenue?

Speaker 2  1:57:49
I mean, yeah, it needs to be considered revenue in 25 because we didn't count it in 24

Matthias Miller  1:57:54
Okay, so then we had, and let's say the building was originally, so originally in, in, let's say it was a $10,000 building, so you have in the original transaction is a $10,000 debit? Is it debit to AR and a, no, yeah, and a credit to revenue, right? And that's what we originally recorded on nine, 624, and then, and then the the invoice, they came back, and the invoice amount increased by $200 so we really should have it's really should have been $10,200 debit to AR and $10,200 credit to revenue. So on one one, what we end up doing is we take the difference and we build a $200 debit to AR and a $200 credit to revenue. So we report $200 of revenue on January 1 because we under reported revenue back in September, now if they had a payment. So then, first of all, now we haven't talked about how payments work, but so far with that scenario, does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, okay, so then go ahead. So,

Speaker 1  1:59:27
yeah, let's run through the payment thing, because, because it's it's technically not an additional $200 in AR, unless we're actually still trying to connect the payment.

Matthias Miller  1:59:37
Okay, so let's say that there was a payment also in let's say they actually paid the additional $200 okay, so then we're going to change this. And we had, and they actually had a on nine on nine, six. 910, 24 they actually paid $200 so we had a credit to AR and we had a $10,200 debit to, let's say, checking. So far so good, yeah. Okay. Then in January 1, what we do is, well, first of all, we correct the invoicing transaction. Then we correct the checking transaction, which is,

Matthias Miller  2:00:33
we know that we should we know the debit

Speaker 1  2:00:36
to Well, so, so if a decision transaction were there. We're now fixing the AR that has been a problem for the end of the year, correct for the rest of the year, because those wouldn't have balanced,

Matthias Miller  2:00:52
because those wouldn't have balanced.

Speaker 2  2:00:56
Okay, so So I was missing that part. So for every correcting, for every mismatch you're going to have a a one on one debit and credit to two different accounts like this, either, okay, I was missing that that piece, like if it's on a if Accounts Payable was too low, accounts payable would go up, as would your, say, your raw materials, or whatever, whatever you it was that you were buying with that. Or if, ah,

Speaker 1  2:01:37
yeah, okay. So, so if, if Accounts Payable increases, we're saying that it actually should have been higher before this is now the correction, not we are creating a new item that will need to be correct.

Matthias Miller  2:01:55
No, yes, this is now the correction. Got

Speaker 1  2:01:59
it? Got it, yep, because, because we had a persisting issue that we're now fixing,

Matthias Miller  2:02:07
correct and and we couldn't have, I mean, think of it like if we went back to fix the original transaction. To get the original transaction to balance, you would need to increase AR by $200 and then you go have to find out what else you need to increase by $200 to get it to Yeah, so that's correction. Yep, I think

Speaker 2  2:02:25
so that's what your mismatch is basically going to. This report is basically going to do that and just forward date it to one, 125,

Speaker 1  2:02:35
and then the mismatch report just says the net amount in each of these accounts is correct, so therefore it's not a mismatch like the combined or whatever. Yep,

Speaker 2  2:02:50
good. Well, thanks for I am clear. Thanks for explaining private label. I'm clear now,

Matthias Miller  2:02:57
yeah, well, you're you're doing well, I don't know that I would have gotten clear without a screen share and other things. So yeah, hats off to you.

Speaker 2  2:03:10
Do you have an Excel or something that you were mocking up like you usually do? I

Matthias Miller  2:03:14
this was an Excel. I ended up putting some notes in here as some design notes, and also some other notes

Unknown Speaker  2:03:23
you can see it once he saves,

Matthias Miller  2:03:24
okay, there you go. It's saved in the liability, record, sales tax liability, reconcile incident.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:32
This is, this might be one of those things you look back later and say, this was one of the greatest things we ever did. Help accounting, I

Speaker 1  2:03:45
hope so doesn't have to be one of the greatest. This is not one of the greatest mistakes.

Unknown Speaker  2:03:58
Got it and you're saying with this approach, something like a day of work is what for you instead,

Matthias Miller  2:04:07
I'm going to say a day of work. And worst case scenario, I think it's going to be three

Speaker 2  2:04:14
well, and then drew this will this is, I think this, from what I see now, this is much better than going through them one by one, were like you just now, you said, Oh, AP, was off by 50,000 for this one company, you made a journal entry. You had no you really have no way of knowing.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:32
What are some of the other accounts that may be affected the other way, by that and this kind of looks at at the net of, well, this looks at the net of all mismatches.

Speaker 1  2:04:49
Do do? What? What are our blocks? As far as dating records on accounting periods are? There any like,

Matthias Miller  2:05:12
we have a block we coded one. I know we did,

Unknown Speaker  2:05:19
what do you mean to what, like a block of per

Speaker 1  2:05:22
date. So if, if it's, you know, and somebody says, I'm just thinking if, if they're entering, and we have these things, you know, automatically creating bumped forward entries. Um, that's, that's fine, but it would still be better if it's if it legitimately should be posted to 2025, or the open period that they just posted to the open period, you know. So after a period is closed, we can, we can make edits to items as needed, you know, and it will push them forward as it should. But, you know, if it was just some slack person sent a bill dated way six months ago, you know, I'd rather they not go ahead and just enter that and then have this bumped forward situation. I mean, it neither would be wrong, but it's just, oh,

Speaker 2  2:06:30
you're saying, Is there a way to to keep data entry people from from entering something in a lock period or in those those

Speaker 1  2:06:40
timeframes, right? You know, so if, if they find out that whatever somebody's payment amount is wrong and and it never got deposited because they entered the wrong payment amount and that, you know, something was messed up, you know, you should be able to correct that, and it bumps forward as necessary. But

Matthias Miller  2:07:09
so we have a way on vendor invoices and purchase orders that if you make a change, that will change reconciled accounting transactions that will throw up our hands. It doesn't handle locked periods, apparently. But could, we could definitely expand this to handle lock periods, and we could potentially expand it as a warning, maybe not an error on sales orders if you make a change to a sales order that affects either reconciled or blocked areas,

Unknown Speaker  2:07:56
this was on which records it

Matthias Miller  2:07:57
looks Like we're using a vendor invoices and purchase orders, but not sales orders.

Speaker 1  2:08:11
I don't know. It might be good to just think about what kind of things we want to put in there. We wouldn't have to do anything like that in order to make the rest of this work, would we

Matthias Miller  2:08:22
know, in fact, when you're reviewing it, you should be able, I mean, I'm going to assume for 2025, like, current period stuff you really should be looking at and being like, ah, oh god that, wow. What were they thinking anyway? Like,

Speaker 2  2:08:38
Oh, you're thinking we could use the same report to then look at all accounting mismatches, say, you know, for one, 125, through today, and maybe even use that as a cleanup

Matthias Miller  2:08:52
tool, right?

Speaker 2  2:08:56
And then that might, that might, maybe we should just create an incident for locking certain records from editing. But some reason I think, I think part of that goes to our whole permissions fiasco, where we have 23 administrators, which is a really, really bad idea. And I think Seth expounded on that while I was something else, but

Speaker 2  2:09:28
I think just it seems to me like it's something we should keep in our Mind, but probably not for sure.

Unknown Speaker  2:09:35
Yeah, sounds good. Yeah. Good,

Matthias Miller  2:09:47
all right. Well, so current, so next steps. We're gonna wave our hands and let these changes go live and continue. Continue to, I mean, we've taken a look at it, but pray that we didn't do anything really stupid retrievals. Josh will be back in in the game here shortly, and then, and so that would allow us to do handle retrievals. And so with that, that would be the next retrievals would be next, and this would come after retrievals.

Unknown Speaker  2:10:37
What do you think to does this? This come after retrieval or before retrievals,

Speaker 1  2:10:45
the pushing of of the fix things? Yeah, I would say after retrievals, because I'm pretty sure, well, it's, it's quite possible that the retrieval situation will generate fix stuff that needs fixed from the old period. Okay.

Speaker 2  2:11:10
So here, Matthias here. So the sales tax liability, the changes, not the sales tax, yeah, those are going to go live with the next update, the some of the AR, AP changes, report changes as well, and then, is that right? Those would still go live with the next

Matthias Miller  2:11:40
think. So. Yes,

Speaker 2  2:11:44
there's a little bit of work, based on our first call today, that on AR and AP reports, I believe, or AR at least, that that needs that. But you would expect those to be done by the weekend. If Josh does an update this weekend, I'm

Matthias Miller  2:12:00
trying to remember what those are.

Unknown Speaker  2:12:08
You made some notes, oh, we're going to have a report that shows unpaid overpayments

Speaker 2  2:12:18
on the vendor name was added non POA expense, and add a column for overpayment sales or ID to make sure those could link together.

Matthias Miller  2:12:27
I want to run that like I think. I think I want to run the past. Josh,

Unknown Speaker  2:12:32
okay, okay.

Speaker 2  2:12:39
I think the main thing with these, these, when we go live with these, sales tax changes, the bad debt changes is, I guess, just knowing ahead of time when those are going to go live and if something so that we're well, I guess we'll just, we'll just handle like everything else, if a major issue turns up, then we'll just deal with it. Then,

Speaker 1  2:13:08
yep. And in the meantime, we'll just have a ton of mismatches,

Speaker 2  2:13:20
yep, then the Matthias, something that's pretty well I think it's worth looking at, if you have time, is I added a child. Was the accounting incident seven to seven. I think is worth if you have a little bit of time here, step look at that. That's an issue that we uncover, but I don't think we need to think it's pretty self explanatory. So, and we are not, we do not have a call schedule next Thursday, but

Matthias Miller  2:13:57
seems like maybe we should.

Speaker 2  2:14:02
Well, I'm thinking maybe we should, yeah, what's your thought? Oh, no. Well, I mean, you guys could, can, if you want to, I'm going to be off next Thursday, so it would have to be Wednesday if, if I should be on, or we can just go to the following week.

Speaker 1  2:14:24
I think I'm going to be out. Well, I can maybe do remote the following week.

Speaker 2  2:14:31
Wait, no, I think if we could make it work next week, I think we

Speaker 1  2:14:36
I'm a week ahead. I think here 24 next Thursday is 31st Yeah, okay, never mind. I'm I'm like, ahead of what I'm thinking.

Speaker 2  2:14:45
I mean, should we, should we try to do a 30? A meeting the 30th with everything we have going.

Matthias Miller  2:14:53
Can we do one, 1pm?

Speaker 2  2:14:58
Yeah. Can. A 90 minute one to 230 Yeah, that works for me. Did it work for you? Dude? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:15:14
as far as I know, it should work for me. Got some open scheduling requests in flux, but gonna throw it on and we're gonna plan that it works.

Unknown Speaker  2:15:29
Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:15:31
good. Okay, awesome. Sounds good. Okay. Appreciate

Speaker 2  2:15:38
it. Thanks for working through this map on the fire and helping us get unstuck and moving forward.

Matthias Miller  2:15:45
Yeah. Well, you're welcome also. Thank Seth for he had two very gut wrenching afternoons of beating his brain into his bloody, bloody mess, so he deserves some kudos as well.

Speaker 2  2:16:02
Okay, well, tell them thanks for that. Will do

Matthias Miller  2:16:09
awesome. Thank

Unknown Speaker  2:16:11
you. Thank you. Goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai