Matthias Miller  02:33
We actually came up with a really ele. Hey, sir. Hello. How was the abyss. And so, we're going to give them a report that shows the discrepancy. sir. Hello. How was the abyss. And maybe give, give that to Seth too, so that. Hey, sir. Hello. How was the abyss. We actually came up with a really ele. when you lock a. really ele. legant solution, and I'm happy. Good, good. So the basic problem is when. a period, how do you how do you reconcile that against what should actually happen. so we're going to give them a report that shows the discrepancy we're going to create basically correction, correction transactions that are linked to the source record. And then they can click a button. We do a What's the net impact on all the financial accounts in the original record, on the target record, on all adjustment records, and then go, because it might be there might be multiple for multiple years. And then go, push, go, update the final record, so that nets out to what the accounting impact should be as of January 1. So you can then do like AR, if you want to reconcile AR accounting versus system, you can do it. You can do it one, one as one, 120 25 for historical purposes, because that's when corrections happen. And then throughout the year, you can do it as of it, you know, one, two to 1220, 31, whenever you want to do it. So few days of work, yep, but elegant solution to get these things squared away. Wow. And is it pretty high rewarding for them. It's coming after coming, after the mean, relatively Yes, after the retrieval changes. So if, okay, maybe my question with that is, if it trickles in more slowly, because you're we push RTO design, is that an option, or do we just need to I post things? I think I don't. I think so. I don't know. I think that's fine. I mean, I'm pretty comfortable with that. So the what is the best way for for us to see, for us to get your hours on so that we can give Dwayne updates. Well, I could do one of two things. One, well, I mean, just build a custom report and give you a cockpit with just that report if you wanted to, that'd be perfect. Can grab it if he needs to, Yep, yeah. And can you so? So here is the our current spreadsheet. Put it in signal, yeah.

Speaker 1  02:33
Hey, Sir, hello, how was the abyss?

Matthias Miller  05:27
Time Card report on the day.

Matthias Miller  05:46
Time, card, slot, category ID equals.

Matthias Miller  06:00
And then we want the time card started week. We want the time card slot hours. And do you so? So do you want to so we report week by week? Or do we report Thursday to Wednesday? Oh, right. We could do Thursday once, Thursday, Wednesday. Yeah. Well, you can, why don't you? You can maybe give this to me later, if you want to. I've in the spreadsheet. I've got the three date ranges I'm interested in.

Speaker 2  06:37
Got it so, okay,

Matthias Miller  06:40
and I couldn't remember what year hourly rate is just updated there for whatever it is for look out the 20% Yeah, yep. So we're right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai