Speaker 1  02:02
I always excuse myself because other people are worse than me. No one else is here yet. Yeah I know. I I guess the guy showed up, or the lady showed up Sunday or Saturday last weekend. I forget I. No one else is here yet. Yeah I know. I blissfully making my coffee, and then realized. oh, it's definitely two minutes late already. But hey, looks like they're later, so I'm fine. fine. Exactly. I'm gonna meet so you don't hear the coffee grinding very loudly. I always excuse myself because. other people are worse than me. You can't respond because there you might not even be able to hear me, hear you. Yeah, I That's definitely how we're supposed to look like exactly, if someone else is worse, I'm good. I guess, for sure they know about the call. I think so they asked for it. Yeah, they did ask for it. They'll give me a couple of minutes and I'll call Mark see, yeah, they'll be like, Wait, we were planning for a call. Oh, that's right, yeah, exactly. Well, we sent the email yesterday, so it's gotta be something, okay, I'm probably Just too worried about what's about, impact, accounting, impact, beautiful, cough see. I said the words and he disappeared exactly. I turned his mic off so he could scream. I finally, we discovered the origin of metal music. I mean, obviously it came from accounting. The neighbor was like, Hackney, oh, that's a song. I Hello, man, hey. DREW Good morning. I was on a phone call and just got it taken care of. All right, did no he was going to call in. He's he's at home, working from home because of a interesting dog situation. I thought the dog was doing. The dog thing was cleared up. Again. And anyway, course of events, they they found another dog and took it to the dog pound, and the dog pound made the connection with this lady through the police or something, and and she actually has her dog back as of yesterday, I think, but they still weren't quite sure if she's not gonna show up again. So I don't know if you did. Had you heard the first part of the story?

Unknown Speaker  02:02
No one else was here yet.

Matthias Miller  02:03
Yeah, I know

Matthias Miller  05:28
Yeah, I haven't heard any of Seth hasn't? Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  05:32
Oh, I forget what day it was, Monday or Tuesday a week ago. I think this crazy, either drugged or drunk lady showed up claiming that their Mark's dog was was their dog, and was all irate, and there was this guy with her that was trying to calm her down, but seemed kind of subject to her tirade. And anyway, they ended up getting the police out, and Mark and some others tried to rush home over there, because it was just his wife and children at home. Children at home, and they had the neighbor guy go up, and had kind of a real ordeal till they got, got her out of there. But, and then I forget, did she show up again? What the deal was, but they definitely were figuring that she probably could. So when she did show up some more, he just actually, then, just worked from home this week. So, yeah, oh, man, I can't good story. I can call him and see if maybe it's not working for him to to get on okay? He said he had the maybe she's there right now.

Speaker 2  06:47
Rate dog lady is there right now. Just have her hop on the call. She could probably help resolve the county

Matthias Miller  06:58
impact stuff. I'm not so sure, but

Speaker 1  07:04
is the number visible somewhere?

Matthias Miller  07:07
Let's see if you go to participants and hit invite, copy invite, invitation, I can drop it in the chat, make it a little easier meeting ID.

Matthias Miller  07:29
I got tired of paying Twilio charges. I took off the easy call in number

Unknown Speaker  07:38
the 719, number

Matthias Miller  07:39
Yeah, 718359, and then he needs the meeting IDD as well. Oh, he's that's him Calling right now. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  07:55
hello.

Unknown Speaker  09:17
All right, He's calling it, I'm

Unknown Speaker  10:06
There we go.

Matthias Miller  10:21
Good morning. This is Mark. Hey, good morning.

Speaker 3  10:28
Mark is is drew on already. You say, be a few minutes might be a few minutes late. Okay, Drew's here. Good Well, I did not send out an agenda, but I it looks like we've got a lot to talk about. I was thinking we could just start with the incidents and just work our way through those. But I think you guys want to spend quite a bit of time on the bad the the implications and the changes coming to accounting with the bad debt miscalculation thing. So is that, is that good? We just go to the the incidence list, and we just work through those, or

Matthias Miller  11:19
you want to Yes, are you going to be? Are you going to be in the office this afternoon or now?

Unknown Speaker  11:27
No, no, I won't.

Matthias Miller  11:30
Or I was wondering if we should do a block, if it'd be helpful to have, I guess drew won't be in the office either. Okay, yeah, we can let me pull up the incidents list.

Unknown Speaker  11:56
Are you thinking

Unknown Speaker  11:58
doing more than 90 minutes?

Matthias Miller  12:01
Well, I was thinking it would be wonderful. It'd be wonderful if you if we could do a screen share for you and talk through that's most what I was thinking. All right, do you want me just to talk through the list, Mark list of incidents by priority?

Speaker 3  12:21
Yeah, and I'm able to see assist as well here. I can't screen there. So no, no, no email so or no, no good way of sending email. My emails are forward to Aaron right now, and he's if it's something I need to see. Then he puts it on an incident that we created, an assist called a mark hillbilly email so I can see it there.

Speaker 3  12:54
Yeah, so let's look at the top one. I'm just looking at the projects that the assignees set Matthias, and I think there's a show on the one here as well. Maybe that one's done. The first one financial reports sending the banks on quarterly schedule, was one that Beth was working on. Had some questions. I responded. I just like to talk through that, make sure that that is that you have all the information you need to

Unknown Speaker  13:26
Yeah, I think so.

Unknown Speaker  13:30
Did you see my responses, or did

Speaker 2  13:33
I saw them a little bit on a call with Matthias yesterday, my work day yesterday was kind of chopped up, so I did not get to it, then,

Speaker 4  13:43
okay, well, let's just look at go through your questions at the bottom,

Speaker 3  13:51
starting with what format should the files be in PDF? File names. Now I'm not set on those file names, but if it's easier, hard to No, it's easy. So basically the combinator balance sheet, and then the the timeframe, just for identification, subject of the email. And then should I be CC files saying no, since you're already copying CC me as well as the manager I wanted to be, am I understanding your question correctly? Do you have something else in mind there?

Speaker 2  14:36
I just wasn't sure if files sent to your email address. Would if you can see the files or not. So I thought we did put them on files inside maybe that's changed.

Speaker 3  14:49
So if you, if you send PDFs as an attachment, I'll see them just fine. If they're in the body's email. Will these be sent as attachments? Yeah? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  15:01
Okay, yeah, then it'll be just fine. It'll Perfect, yeah, and then

Speaker 3  15:09
email send 15 bank business days from the end of the quarter or 15. Zfp, what does that stand for? Zfp,

Speaker 2  15:18
insight, like we have calculations for you all depending on your your holiday settings. But I'm assuming you're wanting it off of bank business days.

Speaker 4  15:32
I mean, it's either, okay, no, that's just by the 15th,

Speaker 3  15:42
the 15th of every month we our goal is to have financial reports done, and so by doing 15 business days that this is about okay, 20, but, you know, hasn't sitting out like around the 20th, so it's not okay, perfect. No big deal. I uh, he said the reply. So I like that. I I didn't realize he could do that. So, so it looks like the it's called, okay, oh, I'm wondering if we should possibly look at doing that some more in other areas, because I think Josh is we used to have that fun with Josh getting a bunch of a number of responses from vendors, because at one point, purchasing, purchase orders were coming from Josh, and Josh nicely or something, but he's changed some of that so

Unknown Speaker  16:40
and then the last question,

Speaker 2  16:41
I forget what I set it to send from, but then I set the reply to so that the replies always go to you.

Speaker 3  16:50
Oh, you can Okay. So, so the email is coming from, whatever one some email somewhere, but a different email, but then if they did reply, then it'll Okay,

Speaker 2  17:00
let me see, it's assistant shed solution study using that okay, is that good, or you want something else?

Unknown Speaker  17:13
Which of the which of those emails?

Speaker 2  17:17
Yeah, it's coming from shed solution. Step is,

Speaker 3  17:22
yeah. That's fine. I mean, nobody's going to respond to that anyway, if they right, and the default behavior for people is just to reply to an email regardless, of course, has to send to or in the last question, I'm assuming that was a question for Matthias or,

Unknown Speaker  17:41
yeah, I don't have any besides.

Unknown Speaker  17:44
I was just wondering, do we want to have this, the recipients, hard coded, long term, or should we have the very last question that should be a standard report and have an RG on accounting company for the email, or am I overthinking it, over

Matthias Miller  18:05
designing? I think you're i This seems to, I don't know. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  18:17
as I can just leave it, that is

Speaker 3  18:20
the, is the question really, how often do we expect these recipients to change? Like, yeah, start using a different bank or a somebody else. We start working with somebody else at the bank, and then that would you just have to go into the hard code or change the

Unknown Speaker  18:36
Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 3  18:42
I mean, just for whatever it's worth, from what I the last few years, we've changed for affordable, we changed banks, final we changed banker, I think, but I would say roughly two changes in five years. So whatever that okay,

Speaker 2  19:04
I we're just gonna have to remember to update it, but we wouldn't have to do

Matthias Miller  19:10
that. I don't feel strong. I don't feel like like having it be. I don't feel like feeling it is the right answer it if you want to do anything, you could create contacts or the statements that with email addresses for where each of the statements go to, and just can cat the emails off of there. But I would just leave it, I think sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  19:48
I'm still I'm still unsure what this subject should be. Is

Unknown Speaker  19:55
it okay? I.

Speaker 3  20:00
Oh, you're just saying the subject line, like the two three words, yeah, oh, sorry, I misunderstood you. I read like, I read that same as what I had up above, but I'm sorry. It's the subject should be, I would just do financial reports for and then whatever company

Unknown Speaker  20:19
right, sounds good.

Speaker 1  20:23
Mark joyce for from farmer state bank was requesting income statements by the month and monthly balance sheets. I can just check with her to see if this quarterly, year to date arrangement is sufficient, or if they actually need them split. But if they do want a different report, how's that gonna fit here? Can we can we set what report? Or how does that work? I

Speaker 4  21:00
see

Speaker 3  21:08
the part of the issue. We call it an issue, but part of what we we had

Unknown Speaker  21:16
going on was

Speaker 3  21:20
banks wanting stuff. And we didn't have a like, I know Drew you sent some, I think gave sometimes asked me for some and sent them directly. And I think for affordable, Robert was sometimes downloading them and sending so we said, well, let's, let's keep it simple and just set it up on a quarterly schedule and sent them. That's kind of what banks

Unknown Speaker  21:44
seem to

Speaker 3  21:47
don't know. I mean, is that? It probably just adds some complexity that to set somebody up to receive monthly

Matthias Miller  21:56
reports different from what we have here?

Speaker 2  21:59
Well, I would probably just create a different task. I think would be best, probably,

Speaker 1  22:04
I think sending is fine. I just don't know if it's a report format that they're you know, do they actually need to see the report by the month, or because I've, I mean, for a while we were sending them, like, five months late, because it was that late, so we got in. So if they're coming, think that's fine, I just don't know, because I think you have, what is the report income statement year to date, or something like that. Like,

Unknown Speaker  22:41
yeah, I should probably just

Speaker 1  22:43
verify that that's an okay format, and that might be all that we need to do.

Speaker 3  22:53
Yeah. I mean, do you want to be copied? Should you be copied on these reports as well? Like, what I was trying to do is, is consolidate. Well, send them out consistently and Okay, well, if you want to just check with her, I would push back, I mean, with some discretion if they ask for more. Because, yeah, you've taught me that, you know, typically banks or people doing insurance audits, they usually what they want is to tick off their boxes on their to do list. And that's like, don't, don't overreact on thinking that, Oh, this bank needs every i.it and T cross. I mean, we do want to give them good information, but I know I used to wait to overthink it by a long shot, like they would scrutinize our statements and and they don't. I mean, it's obvious that they don't, because we sent them over the years, we've sent, especially when things were being done in QuickBooks, we sent them really interesting looking things that should have caused all kinds of red flags. And far as I know, they never asked one time,

Speaker 1  24:12
yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll just, I'll just communicate to her that that we're, we're setting reports up to come automatically, and here's, here's what will come, and if they need something other than that, you know, if that doesn't work, let me know, or something like that, and it'll probably be fine, good.

Speaker 3  24:38
So Seth was, I don't know how close this is to being done, but could, could you, once this is done, just push out a sample set of emails just to me to review before we send it to the bank, or make sure that it all looks good and I didn't miss anything important or that we're i. And then after that's done, could you, either you or you, tell me how to push out the, I mean, we're past.

Speaker 2  25:11
Yeah, I can make it the July cent,

Speaker 3  25:14
but okay, well, let's do that. Have you got it done? Sent me it. Okay, perfect. And that made sense to not send them end of year only be the first three quarters, because of all the year end stuff that needs to happen. And, okay,

Unknown Speaker  25:37
good, anything else,

Speaker 3  25:41
that was my thought. I mean, unless you have a good date for for saying when they should be ready and we can just send them out, February 15 or

Speaker 3  25:57
April 15 or June 15, hopefully earlier this year, yeah, yeah, yeah, that, that was my thought for now, we'll just Send those work.

Speaker 3  26:19
Good so I think that concludes this one. So the next incident that I still owe some answers on that next one, revise asset management so

Unknown Speaker  26:37
sales tax liability reconcile, is that, is that the one where,

Matthias Miller  26:49
yes, this is the deep abyss, yeah, yes.

Speaker 3  26:56
Should we? Should we run through the others real quick before we come to this one or do this now. Okay, let's

Matthias Miller  27:03
run through the others. So

Speaker 3  27:09
reporting these references is going to take a little bit of time, but let's take a quick look at that. Go ahead. Drew you have your okay? You're the guy with the information on this.

Speaker 1  27:23
So the AR section, just middle of your page. There with us. 723, I have an entry. So there's a couple thing. Well, there's, I got three here, three different things. I have, example, invoices there. There's one in 23 it's canceled in 2025 and it's not on the report before or after the cancelation, but the cancelation in 2025 posts to AR, making it create a difference in the report.

Matthias Miller  28:06
All right, all right. So we are looking at, well, let's do this. I nine would be easier. Sorry. Okay, so let's do this. Okay, so in the let's ignore the district, and it should be. Here we are cancelation 128 so we're going to do like 127, 25 load balance is

Matthias Miller  29:00
we don't care about dealers, okay, so why don't you? I'm gonna guess it's because of this

Unknown Speaker  29:09
sounding start date. Yeah, so I think we had that discussion.

Speaker 1  29:27
And I'm not sure what all the implications would be if we say include items before the accounting start date, because I'm guessing there's a whole lot of invoices before the accounting start date that that are just bogus balances on them, because things you know, was never cleaned up, because it didn't push to accounting, so we didn't worry about whether they were right or not. So I'm. Am assuming that probably the best thing to do is just keep them off and take care of this on a journal entry. But I don't know what's your thought mark, or Matthias or like if, if we bring in stuff from before the accounting start date. What are we going to bring in?

Matthias Miller  30:25
Yeah, that's hard telling I don't in my knee jerk reaction is that we don't really believe in data integrity before accounting start date, right, right? I mean, the alternative would also be to say this was canceled. I mean, really, this was not canceled on January 28 like, you literally had this open for two years. Like, just update the cancelation date. Back to,

Speaker 1  30:56
yeah, I don't think we can change cancelation date that right Mark. I think we've tried to do that Seth,

Matthias Miller  31:02
do we have a backdoor that we could do?

Unknown Speaker  31:06
I checking

Speaker 1  31:09
we should maybe have something similar to our changing vendor, changing invoicing date thing, right? Invoicing date. But because that would be the simplest fix, because a lot of these things are showing up are either cancelations or bad debt, you know, recognizing bad debt, which a lot of them, it's, yeah, it's not as that date. It's just when you rip it down, right?

Matthias Miller  31:41
Don't, don't, don't mention the two words bad debt yet, because we're developing an emotional reaction to it. I'm

Unknown Speaker  32:00
sure so is is

Speaker 3  32:04
talking says, I'm not near as deeply involved in the details here as you guys are, but

Unknown Speaker  32:12
are the three options that we have is one, we bring back pre accounting start date data, or two, we we date things like cancelations in 25 to make them reflect here. Or the third option is we just journal those discrepancies away like in 25 are those kind of the three options we have?

Speaker 1  32:46
Yeah, I would think so, except for that, the last two might be used together, like anything that makes sense, that we can just date earlier. We would do that if we can't do that because of the implications to whether it recognizes income or expense or whatever, then we would just journal them to correct them. So I think I like that better than bringing in pre accounting items. I

Unknown Speaker  33:23
i There's, I do. I mean, I agree

Unknown Speaker  33:27
there's no backdoor right now for editing.

Matthias Miller  33:33
I mean, it's, it's true, it's relatively trivial to create a backdoor, yeah. And in my mind, that's really this, really what needs to happen. I mean, it, it wasn't canceled this year. It, it was canceled back then. It's, it's way simpler. I don't know, maybe I'm I

Speaker 1  34:00
mean, so the the the income implication here is if it was on a report that was used to come up with the AR number back at the end of 23 then that number got plugged into Whitney's QuickBooks as sales. And we counted sales. So, you know, if we go back and we say, Oh, actually, that one was canceled, we never had that sale. In a way, we're throwing away tax dollars. But that's not the worst thing in the world to do, so,

Speaker 3  34:45
right? But Drew, are you saying if, in that case, we don't, we don't recoup the sales tax that we paid, like we, but, but we, I? Like, let's say there was 1000 $1,000 bill that we now say, Oh, it was actually canceled. So the $70 of sales tax that we paid, that's just laws, but the $1,000 that we counted as a sale and inflated our income back then is now going to lower our bottom line by $1,000 in the tax we have not is that what would happen?

Speaker 1  35:28
Yeah, I'm thinking on the income tax side. So if we submitted our taxable income, as you know, $5,000 higher than what it should have been, you know, we're just saying, well, actually, it wasn't that high, and we're just leaving it at

Speaker 3  35:48
that, and we're not trying to drag these canceled sales orders back in and claiming a credit on our sales tax because We don't have no it's not worth it. Yeah?

Speaker 3  36:06
I think that's, that's the only good option we have.

Speaker 1  36:11
Probably cost more in accounting rigmarole than than it would, then we would collect from it.

Unknown Speaker  36:20
Yeah, I don't think it's worth messing with

Speaker 1  36:27
it. The other item in here is these two are kind of connected, but they has have to do with what happens to payments that are still do or pay refunds after a cancelation.

Matthias Miller  36:47
So am I reading this right to say you want the AR and customer deposits report? I know this is just just like lightning bolt, but you want them to reflect accounting reality, so after cancelation, they would drop off the AR report and they'd go to the customer deposits report. Well, or do you want to wait to control the AR report on how

Speaker 1  37:17
so it needs to. It needs to say whatever is happening in customer like in the accounting side. So if it's, if it's if we do a refund after the cancelation, and it shifts it to customer deposits account instead of AR account, then then the report should reflect that now. So I guess we have two ways to go here. Do we want to shift the accounting to what we're saying that we want the report to say? Or do we want to shift the report to say what we're telling accounting to do? Right? Yeah. And I don't really have a strong opinion as to which way it should be. It, it does make sense in the accounting side to say this is actually not negative AR, it's it's a customer deposit that is a liability to us, so we need to send it back like that, right? That reality makes sense. It's just in these two items that I have here, we're not actually treating them. We're treating the refund the same, but we're not accounting according to prior accounting on it. So one of them there was a payment before the invoice date, and the other one, there was not. And the accounting works differently through them.

Matthias Miller  38:58
Okay, let me uh, let me do this. Let me make sure I fully wrap my head, at least reasonably well wrap my head around this so on.

Speaker 1  39:15
Okay, so this one here, I'm How do you have these things ordered?

Matthias Miller  39:25
These are sorry, these are approved by net impact on account,

Unknown Speaker  39:31
yes, yes, okay, um,

Speaker 1  39:42
I can see what I'm looking at better, if it's by date or by the type of what happened. Okay, so this one is invoiced on the third the first payment of. Is on the third as well. And so that payment, the middle transaction hits accounts receivable, it never hits customer deposits, and then the order is canceled on the 17th. Also on the 17th, we have the refund, which says, go back to customer deposits. But the cancelation never sent it back to customer deposits. So, so the cancelation hits accounts receivable and clears that out. But, but we're not hitting we're not posting the negative to accounts receivable. With the refund, we're posting it to customer

Matthias Miller  40:44
deposits, right? So the basic issue is a cancelation should take any payments during invoicing and push them over to customer deposits. It as one approach, because I mean, cancelation reverses invoicing, but it's not reversing. It's not reversing AR during invoicing,

Speaker 1  41:11
right? Like so. I

Speaker 1  41:26
like in the in that particular case, the payment should go I mean, we if we want the model where a refund that needs to go back is a customer deposit issue, then this is correct, but the cancelation then needs to, instead of just reversing the invoicing transaction, it needs to look at what payments there are, and say, We need to create a change for customer deposits as well.

Matthias Miller  41:59
Right now, the other approach would be to say that we reverse the invoicing, except that customer deposits stay in like customer deposits don't revert back. They stay in AR

Speaker 1  42:17
and then and then the refund just posts back to AR instead of customer

Matthias Miller  42:23
Right, correct. And I think this is just an accounting question for you. Do you care more that your balance sheet

Unknown Speaker  42:31
is has

Matthias Miller  42:34
more easily rationalized information about where these funds are? Or do you care that this closely matches the AR report and that these pending refunds show up on AR

Unknown Speaker  42:50
say that again,

Matthias Miller  42:51
if you okay, it seems to me, novice accountant here, that it really makes more sense to call it a customer deposit. It got canceled. Now it is liability that needs to be paid out. Logical to me, but now we have, now if you want to reconcile accounting AR with AR report, you got these deposits sitting out there somewhere. So do you do? You need a way to filter them out? Do you like that's then you have that these two worlds don't match up because I'm assuming, in a workflow case, you want them on the AR report. So somebody says, ah, we got to go write them a check, right?

Speaker 1  43:31
Unless, unless we just have a customer deposit report, be part of that. You know what they look at Sure, AR is basically money coming to us, customer deposits, is money that already came to us that we're liable for. So and then they show up there, and they just have to look at both reports. I don't know, but that would work Mark, if that's something that works or not? Why

Unknown Speaker  44:03
not a Well, I think,

Speaker 3  44:07
I mean, from a general workflow standpoint, I think we, we should separate the two. It seems to me like AR is, I mean, we're not that size, but if you think a larger company, like if you're responsible for accounts receivable, your seems to me like your AR report should only show monies that have not yet been collected. Your customer deposits should show any any customer deposits, and if you have negative customer deposits that you're looking at, you're in charge of customer deposits. Negative customer deposits mean this money has to

Unknown Speaker  44:54
go back to the customer

Speaker 3  44:59
to me that. Seems the the cleanest. Another thought I'm I'm just wondering like this,

Unknown Speaker  45:09
would we be better off to

Speaker 3  45:13
just like we also have that customer overpayments account will be, would we be better off to create a completely separate account and a separate a separate report and a separate account on the balance sheet that basically, here are, here are monies that need to go back to be paid back to the customer,

Speaker 1  45:44
like accrued customer refunds or something like that.

Speaker 3  45:50
Yeah, because, okay, they don't necessarily fit on AR or customer deposits. Because customer deposits, you're thinking down payments for things that have not yet been money that a customer pays to get a project started. AR, you're thinking, this has been invoiced, and these people just have not paid the balance yet.

Unknown Speaker  46:13
Well, what's your thought Drew?

Speaker 1  46:15
Yeah. I mean the thing, if it's on the same report, on a customer deposits report. If you have a customer that makes a deposit on one building and then cancels that and says, Hey, move my deposit over to the other building, it would, it would alert you of that, because for this customer, you'd have a positive and a negative, but and it just makes one less thing to look at. But other than that, I don't know that there's a there's more benefit.

Speaker 3  46:53
And Drew. Where do you what do you think is the best way to handle this? I mean, this is, we don't, obviously don't have a lot of these, just enough to kind of make it confusing and a bit of a hassle when they when they do happen.

Speaker 1  47:10
I mean, the thing that I do like is a specific account for, well, that's kind of what customer overpayments is supposed to be. Is an account to say this is more than supposed to go back to the customer. Now, obviously they're small, you know, an overpayment of three cents or something that that we never do send back. But it's from a workflow standpoint, I think it's going to get people like, it's nice for them to be able to just say, hey, it doesn't balance. This is an overpayment, and they throw it in there, rather than needing to figure out which kind of overpayment and whether it needs to go back and all those kinds of things. But maybe they've already determined that, I don't know, because they'd have to use a different payment

Speaker 1  48:13
type a report to reconcile. It's going to be a little interesting, because if we want to reconcile this accrued customer refunds, we have to look at net payments on canceled orders. We have to look at a payment method of customer overpayments and pull those in. Potentially, we'd have to look at,

Speaker 1  48:50
like on the crooked Valley stuff, or not cricket, wherever it is, the carport thing, you know when we're sending money back to them. So that'd be maybe a different case. I don't know. What does that kind of report look like? Class like?

Speaker 1  49:17
I'm thinking of a report that it might have to draw like we're using we're funneling a couple different things that are going on in operation into a singular account. And so we have to look at all those different operations and create a report on that that says, here's mine that needs to go back.

Matthias Miller  49:36
Okay? My, my, my, this terrible term, but my idiot brain says it's as simple as filtering down all payments and you include ones that are a overpayments or B that were, well, wait, they're all right, because you need to know.

Matthias Miller  50:08
Well, I mean, so never mind. It's all

Matthias Miller  50:21
okay for canceled orders.

Unknown Speaker  50:25
It's

Matthias Miller  50:40
when you put overpayments, okay, why do overpayments go into this account? Sorry, this feels like a dumb question.

Speaker 1  50:51
Just because we're sending, we're sending overpayments back, right? So today, an extra $500 because they paid and then there was a change order or whatever. So there's $500 that we need to return to them, or if they, you know, paid the deposit as a customer deposit, and then canceled the order. Now there's, now, there's a net payment on the on the canceled order record, and we need to, we need to send that back. Okay,

Matthias Miller  51:23
so, I mean, it seems to be more like the accrued customer refund is. I mean, the $500 because of a change order is more likely to happen prior to invoicing, but, but basically, you want any invoiced or canceled, any invoiced order with an overpayment or any canceled invoices. You want a on invoicing, any payments that exceed the total of the invoice or on cancelation, any payments that net above zero. Because when you actually write the check, you're going to add an overpayments entry, which is going to expense it out, or however that happens.

Speaker 1  52:10
Yeah, invoice out of that account,

Matthias Miller  52:14
and then, and so you're out of that account. Okay, so you're so when you say is the customer overpaid. Got it so the actual overpayment entry does?

Speaker 1  52:32
That's a little weird. All the overpayment entry actually does is zero out the balance on the invoice and post it to this customer overpayments account. Then totally separate, we have to go create a vendor invoice that says, got hits customer overpayments, and then we send them a check so it's it's too disconnected things that we're actually doing to make it work. Why

Matthias Miller  52:58
don't we just keep you from canceling an invoice without having your balance zero out, because you're not literally issuing a check. You're just saying a check needs to be issued, right?

Speaker 3  53:14
So if you're to try and cancel an invoice that has a payment that has a payment tied to it. What? What would it would stop you from canceling? What would you have to do first?

Matthias Miller  53:28
Well, either stop you automatically add a row for a customer overpayment of the balance amount one or the other,

Speaker 2  53:40
or the paid amount, not the balance amount, or the sorry, yeah, the paid amount.

Speaker 3  53:54
I probably opt not to do it automatically, just because there's also numerous times when there is occasional times when there is an overpayment

Unknown Speaker  54:06
that the thinking workflow just,

Speaker 3  54:15
I think, stopping you from doing that, and, you know, giving you a prompt that says, hey, you need to, you

Speaker 4  54:23
know, enter, you need to clear out this.

Speaker 3  54:28
Do you have ideas on how we would work that to basically say you have to create a enter payment type to zero out this. You have to enter another payment. RT to zero out this,

Unknown Speaker  54:41
this payment, and

Matthias Miller  54:49
then presumably you would have a a refundable and non refundable customer repayment. Or do you? Do you issue checks for you? Or three cents,

Speaker 1  55:02
no. So they're supposed to know, like, when they go in and create a cancelation, they're supposed to know whether or not they need to refund any payment on there. So they all post to the same account. It's just, if it needs refunded, they go in and create that vendor invoice. Then,

Matthias Miller  55:21
okay, so, then, so, then that this becomes very simple. Then you just need a report that says, Show me. Show me all payments of type, refundable, customer overpayment and less vendor invoices to the same account. And then, please also show me the, I mean, the accounting site. Then this pretty simple too, because that payment method is just tied out to that account. And so cancelation, then we just need to make sure that when you got payments past the cancelation date, that AR and customer deposits zero out like they should. But I would argue that, well, then we, I guess, we could decide, I guess, but then it doesn't matter, you can't, then have payments after cancelation. And I guess,

Speaker 1  56:18
I mean, you wouldn't have the you, basically you'd be writing the payment like this, this adjusting payment, RG, you'd be writing same day as your cancelation, and so then it should post back to accounts receivable, and it should never be hitting customer deposits again, right? It's

Matthias Miller  56:42
a little weird, because it's not literally a payment. We're bending the rules of payments substantially because, and it's part of what's creating trouble with bad debt. That's not, it's not a payment, it's a balance adjustment, right? And this is also not a payment, it's a promise to pay.

Speaker 3  57:05
But now we're putting all of these on a you're thinking we would create a report that just shows anything with that payment type, like adjustment for customer overpayment? Payment Type? Yeah, we would pull those off of the AR and customer deposits and only show them on this new report.

Speaker 1  57:35
Yes, yeah. And we'd force, we'd force zeroed balances for cancelations. I mean, that takes care of going forward.

Speaker 3  57:53
Yeah. I mean, I think that's, I think to me, that sounds like a great idea. Drew you said we have two different payment types, or I understood you to say two different payment types, aren't we just, whenever you have a customer overpayment, regardless of whether you pay it back or not, you just the only payment type they use is adjustment for customer overpayment. Is it not

Speaker 1  58:10
right? Right? What I was thinking is, if we want to send it to an account that is a refund account, if it gets refunded, and a different account, like overpayments, if it does not get refunded, I don't I don't think that's necessary. I think it'd be good to just show everything all together, that way whoever is responsible for it can can make the do the whatever the judgment call on, yes, this is all correct for the ones that we are sending back and the ones that we are not sending back.

Speaker 3  58:54
So I think, how do they clear out the ones that we're not sending back then? Like, if we have one for 50 cents and we say, Wow,

Matthias Miller  59:03
create a vendor invoice with two line items, one for the liability account and one for the writing off, or what, or one for the wherever they write off the balance to,

Speaker 1  59:17
yeah. I mean, what we've been doing is just zeroing it at the end of the year and posting it to other

Speaker 3  59:25
income. Oh, okay, we just so we would just let these meniscal amounts right all year long on this report, until the end of the year or whenever.

Speaker 1  59:35
Right? I mean, essentially their other income bonus, I don't know

Unknown Speaker  59:42
the they'll

Speaker 1  59:44
be tipped that way, they're not taxed.

Matthias Miller  59:47
Klondike bars for the guys our big,

Speaker 1  59:55
beautiful bill, we got to figure out how to work everybody on tips and oversight. Don't know.

Speaker 4  1:00:05
Um, so does that go ahead? Drew that

Speaker 1  1:00:09
sounds that sounds good to me, as long as we figure out what we're going to do with the stuff that is already in there that doesn't agree with that. You know, zeroed out balance on canceled orders issue.

Matthias Miller  1:00:24
Well, are we going to change? I mean, Doesn't this mean, okay, here, oh,

Speaker 1  1:00:34
what if we just okay? There's not a super duper amount of them. What if we just go in and write those and just fix them. You know, we just zero it,

Matthias Miller  1:00:52
if you just move well, isn't part of the problem.

Speaker 1  1:00:58
So I did it on another one. I can fix this one by just dating at 316

Matthias Miller  1:01:04
Okay, there you go. That's easy,

Speaker 1  1:01:07
like, so I just didn't know what our fix was going to be, so I didn't want to move it in case we want to do it differently. So, you know, old refunded, yeah, just dated before the cancelation, and fix fixes that, and if it has not yet been zeroed out, we just need to write the zeroing payment in

Matthias Miller  1:01:32
build a report that shows

Matthias Miller  1:01:40
that. That shows payments from that's overpayments from sales, well adjustment or customer overpayment payments plus vendor invoices, plus vendor invoice line items for I mean, are we, I guess here's where it's a little confusing, like, what's the value of the reconcile report? Because Shouldn't this just, I mean, basically what we're doing is go find me all sales order payments that tie out to this this account, and then go find me all vendor invoices that tie out to this account, and sum them all up and make sure that it zeros out. And of course, it should like,

Speaker 1  1:02:30
right? Yeah, and I've been finding that that's kind of what we're doing with all the other balance sheet accounts, and they don't really zero

Matthias Miller  1:02:41
out. It doesn't work.

Speaker 1  1:02:46
If, if this could be sorted, then, by then, well, how are you going to do that? Because the customer has one kind of name and the

Matthias Miller  1:02:55
exactly, that's what it's like. How do you tie them out? Oh, like, in some ways, it would be nice to have some method vendor invoices

Speaker 3  1:03:10
clarification. Besides, when you when you're talking about vendor invoices, you're referencing an invoice to a shared customer, right? You're not talking about a vendor invoice, yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:24
from a supply, okay, vendor invoice

Matthias Miller  1:03:27
for shit customer as a refund to that customer, right?

Speaker 1  1:03:33
But under their name is in has they have to create a vendor in order to do that

Matthias Miller  1:03:41
well? But why would we have, just like a customer refunds vendor that captures everything? And as much as I hate this, probably should get Josh's input, but why not have another column on the non po order expenses for so ID so that we could time out,

Speaker 1  1:04:05
I would, I would vote with both hands, both feet for

Matthias Miller  1:04:11
that. You're not gonna get it until you do that. There we go. Okay, fine. Do

Matthias Miller  1:04:23
you know it's bad when you're willing to be humiliated on the vendor invoice, none po expense, add a column or so ID. And is this only for will this so Id be only used for refunds. Are there ever times where we incur expenses where somebody is going to be like, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:04:50
all the all the commission sales, stuff like the steel buildings, where we're just getting a commission? On, we're actually only being paid a commission deposits, and it varies, but it gets sent back to the people that we we treat them the same way, as refunds, but that would also be used there you treat like basically, we're not paying the vendor back. We're paying, I mean, we're paying the vendor back, not the customer. That's the difference. But as far as the sales order, and the way we work the sales order with the payment thingy, right? If, if somebody cancels

Matthias Miller  1:05:40
a steel bill. No, the wait is this for canceling a

Speaker 3  1:05:46
steel building. The agreement is, I don't know if the percentages are exact, but on it so we sell a $10,000 carport. We collect. You're supposed to collect 15% down payment, which is our money to keep, and then the other 85% gets paid directly to the vendor is supposed to but sometimes more than 15% gets paid up front get ends up in our bank account, and then we have to take that money and give it back to the carport company

Matthias Miller  1:06:21
brilliant, makes perfect sense. In that case, you would record it as an overpayment, create a vendor invoice back to the carport company and just quote, quote, refund it to brilliant. Makes sense. So can we? Can we just, can we label this column overpayment so Id just because, yeah, that's its purpose.

Speaker 3  1:06:42
And the intent of this is to give, give us a link from the sales order to the vendor invoice in these situations,

Matthias Miller  1:06:51
and then even better, look on the sales order payment RG, add a link to the I uh, to the refund vendor invoice, or just look at this. I mean, I don't know what are you going to do with your time drew like

Speaker 1  1:07:14
we don't have to write so many memo links now, bummer. And then your report would just simply, can it would just group them by what sales order ID number or something like that,

Matthias Miller  1:07:29
right? Then build a report on sales order that shows on paid overpayments, calculating the balance by payment amount minus vendor invoice amount, and then on the and then, here gets the tricky thing. Some of these, we have payment methods.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:02
There are different payment methods that we will be using. So,

Matthias Miller  1:08:09
so we we need a so what we need is a field for require or link to vendor invoice.

Speaker 1  1:08:22
Um, well, if it doesn't get paid back, then there's no link.

Matthias Miller  1:08:30
So airplane to use the same type whether or not it gets paid back or no. I mean, it's a

Speaker 1  1:08:36
hoping. And then just you would on your report, you just list the ones that don't have links, because we're saying those don't need to be paid back. And the person can decide if it should be or not. And if there's something there that has no link, it has no has no invoice, then he can say, oh, I want this to and so then he goes and creates it

Matthias Miller  1:08:58
so it's just a and allow vendor in or allow allow vendor invoice, really?

Unknown Speaker  1:09:04
Yeah, that would work.

Speaker 3  1:09:15
But true. What's going to happen with if we hit the 50 Cent overpayment?

Speaker 1  1:09:21
There will just be noise created, and then it will be on the report without a connecting invoice, paying it out, you know. So it'll be in the second section or something, and person reviewing the Port says, yeah, they're supposed to be, we're not going to pay back 50 cents and then accounting reconcile. The accounting number ought to be the balance, the amount of all those that are not linked. If everything has been paid out, that's supposed to be, yeah. You know,

Speaker 3  1:10:00
but on any given day, the accounting, the balance sheet account, should total, the sum total of those two sub accounts, what we're not paying back was what we need to pay back. I was

Unknown Speaker  1:10:12
just going to put them in the same account, but,

Speaker 3  1:10:16
yeah, whatever we call that account, what if we have $5,000 that we need to pay back and $50 that we say it's not worth paying back these petty amounts, then our balance sheet account would be 5050 and would match the total of that report. That's what you're thinking, right? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:10:35
if the date you're looking at falls in between creating the payment RG that says we need to pay the 5000 and the vendor invoice that pays the 5000 if you fall in between that, then the balance sheet should be showing and the report should be showing 5050 is what's due. If you're not falling in between, anything like that, it should just show 50 bucks, because that's the part that you're not paying the sum of what you're not paying back.

Speaker 3  1:11:10
And in order to clear those, then we'll just have to create, well, let's however often we want to. I mean, we can't just do a journal entry for those, but we have to actually create

Unknown Speaker  1:11:23
right, better invoice after create,

Matthias Miller  1:11:31
well, we can, well, I

Speaker 3  1:11:35
was wondering, like on these petty amounts, could we make this report be an editable report where we Have a a a column where we say, you know, Check here if you don't want to, this is, we're not going to pay this back for whatever reason. And you, you check that column, and it just automatically goes and creates a the necessary vendor invoice to clear it out. Like, how hard would should we, or could we do that so that we could keep it current, rather than letting those riot all year long?

Matthias Miller  1:12:06
Or Invoice button that creates a vendor invoice linked out to the highlighted sales order IDs and amounts, boom. Problem solved. Then you create a reversal for the total $0 payment.

Speaker 1  1:12:21
Yep. Man, I didn't know that I was gonna get such a problem solver in this little dialog. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:12:30
hopefully we're not over complicating it. I don't I Seth over there supposed to be wearing his Josh hat. I don't know if you wore it today or not.

Speaker 1  1:12:42
I It's, I mean, it is a system that we kind of redneck together to make it work. So it does clean up a little bit of a duct tape and bailing wire kind of situation. So,

Speaker 3  1:13:00
I mean, I'm all for the if, if, if it's not so complex that it can, that it, you know, it's a nightmare to maintain and it, I guess you're, you're the judge Matthias, we,

Matthias Miller  1:13:16
you would know, we don't Well, I think, I mean, the only real piece of complexity, I think, is, is the linking of vendor invoices or the the material complexity, I would say, is the linking of vendor invoices back to sales orders.

Matthias Miller  1:13:39
And I

Unknown Speaker  1:13:43
I mean, just

Speaker 3  1:13:56
so on that, what you just need to get with Josh and ask him what it takes to make that change on the vendor invoice.

Matthias Miller  1:14:05
We can make the change. It's not, we don't have to. I mean, it's probably more like, Hey, Josh, any knee jerk reaction against this? I don't, yeah, I'm not concerned about making the change of the new voice. I don't really see any any elegant way. I think it's the most elegant, simple way to handle it.

Speaker 3  1:14:30
Yeah, as far as cost. I mean, are we looking at what, what we discussed here, two days or,

Matthias Miller  1:14:36
yeah, something like a week? No, it's not a week. I don't think,

Speaker 4  1:14:41
Well, I think it's Yeah, sounds like, let's do it. Okay. And

Matthias Miller  1:14:50
then drew will go back and date the old refund payments the day before cancelation. We'll just work around it that way. All right. So we have. Of

Speaker 1  1:15:00
put in there to also add refund or overpayment payment lines to those that are not zero.

Matthias Miller  1:15:22
Okay, we are rapidly running out of time. So there's if you're handling

Speaker 1  1:15:31
the gear is on AP, I put a note. Basically, it's working. There are some zeros. You can read them if you think those should be kicked out, but basically we're ready to roll on that one right. There is where it is. So if you want to skip it and go to the next thing, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  1:15:51
So you're getting line items with zero values in them,

Speaker 1  1:15:53
yeah, um, and it's, it's credit memos. Like, everything is correct. We just don't necessarily have to see it. Um, ABC 531, 25 is one that shows up.

Matthias Miller  1:16:11
What were you saying? 3125

Speaker 2  1:16:15
I was just saying, if we add those over parent lines that we can just have so I was worried about validation.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:21
Okay, so, yeah, just run

Matthias Miller  1:16:24
a historical validation report. So we're just thinking,

Speaker 2  1:16:28
but we don't have to have special handling for old ones. We're just gonna, is that right?

Matthias Miller  1:16:34
Yeah, that's right. I think so.

Speaker 2  1:16:38
Okay, this one are the odds that that break the sales order, and Josh is gonna be like, don't add validation to sales orders.

Matthias Miller  1:16:45
Dealers can't. Can dealers cancel orders with payment? I guess they can cancel. Can't they can dealers cancel?

Speaker 3  1:16:55
I honestly don't know. Dwayne would Dwayne would know.

Matthias Miller  1:16:59
Okay, that needs, that needs to be confirmed. If the dealers can cancel, then yes, that's a problem.

Speaker 3  1:17:12
Sounds like you should probably just reach out to Dwayne if you know

Unknown Speaker  1:17:17
the repercussions are good with that. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:22
Okay, so can we just have it be a warning? Then we'd have to make sure they get handled somehow.

Matthias Miller  1:17:30
I mean, not completely opposed to warning. If we have some way to catch them falling through the cracks,

Speaker 2  1:17:36
Josh is gonna have my head if I keep adding errors to sales orders, we want your head.

Matthias Miller  1:17:48
I think basically what we could do is have them show up at the report in some manner with the flag and and accounting obviously won't match, but at least you'll know, oh yeah, we gotta fix this.

Speaker 1  1:18:07
My guess is they can or cancel sales orders if they are just given how to create it and not have to worry about anything else. And somebody can look at a report and say, Oh, this needs done. Might work, right? Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:18:25
okay, in this one here, I'm going to assume here, this is a load balance, and I know this is still, I'm saying vicm credit amount remaining. So I'm going to do I'm going to try something here and see if it fixes.

Matthias Miller  1:19:01
They're still on there,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:04
columns, balance.

Matthias Miller  1:19:12
Why don't we just

Matthias Miller  1:19:18
okay? It's this then vi num, ICM, num, IDs.

Matthias Miller  1:19:39
Actually, there's another issue I'm.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:00
I think that

Matthias Miller  1:20:18
credit memo actually was supposed to have a balance, and it didn't. It wasn't respecting

Speaker 1  1:20:25
checked out, like the zero I thought was correct for the amount that it gave,

Matthias Miller  1:20:34
even for that as update, yeah. Okay, so we do.

Speaker 1  1:20:43
So what was this guy whose number so, 512, um and then,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:58
um? Where was it used? I

Speaker 1  1:21:06
just that's kind of the how do we the problem with these guys?

Matthias Miller  1:21:12
So here it says minus 12. But maybe, maybe my logic is wrong in this one here as well. So

Speaker 1  1:21:23
I mean finding out when it would you be used, would tell us. I think it was used again before the 31st but I

Matthias Miller  1:21:46
I don't remember which one was this. Include used this. Just gives us this, but it doesn't show,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:59
yeah, we can only go backwards, not forward.

Matthias Miller  1:22:02
Give it so we go to the source. Vi, let

Unknown Speaker  1:22:06
me see, that's where it's created.

Matthias Miller  1:22:09
Pay with credit. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:22:12
we need to find the invoice that has the pay with credit on it.

Matthias Miller  1:22:22
I 228, I mean, like to Andre. Why didn't you just do this? No, so the payment date was on six four, though, oh,

Speaker 1  1:22:52
well, so then it should be on there,

Matthias Miller  1:22:57
so I think my fix is right.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:02
Then. Why didn't I have any differences show up?

Matthias Miller  1:23:09
I can't tell you that unless credit unless credit memos are let's go back to this transaction. Pay with credit. You're counting transactions. I wait, where does the pay with credit get applied?

Speaker 1  1:23:28
Well, it creates this little positive, negative situation,

Matthias Miller  1:23:35
512, six, see this one hasn't hit accounting yet, or something. What? There's a,

Speaker 1  1:23:45
oh, go to the it's a check, credit memo, accounting connections, or maybe it's the vendor invoice that has them. I We

Speaker 1  1:24:08
don't have a link on here for these. They're, they're on the vendor invoice. You go back and get attacked by the

Unknown Speaker  1:24:14
great D dog lady

Unknown Speaker  1:24:18
and there. So right, there's that,

Matthias Miller  1:24:20
there's the invoice credit off a check. 222457, found them. I think it's it might be on the check.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:32
Oh, that might be correct.

Matthias Miller  1:24:38
I can find my way back

Unknown Speaker  1:24:40
there.

Matthias Miller  1:24:42
There your accounting transactions. So then this one would be, it might be merged. No,

Speaker 1  1:24:53
I wonder if it's not simply the absence. Because. The check only posts the amount of the check, right? So then that, in other words, there's, there's no change to accounting because it said, yeah, it just doesn't post that piece,

Matthias Miller  1:25:22
right? Because, Oh, we lost mark. He's back. There we go. Welcome back, Mark.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:29
Sorry about that.

Matthias Miller  1:25:32
Okay, let me make a few notes here. So, okay, I'm going to save, save this report, and it sounds like there's still a question of why that payment? I mean, is it just because it's a future payment that it hasn't payment, that it hasn't posted six four, that's not a future payment? No, it's because it's a check. And so realistically, we have not used the payment as of this. But if we go back, if we go run this report now for six four, and we search for this guy, he's not in here. So the question now goes back to you drew, why did you why did this report tie out with accounting? If the $12 credit via was not used. And then let's, let's do this so you can

Unknown Speaker  1:26:33
see

Matthias Miller  1:26:36
Yeah. And then also, to do, consider adding a report, actually spec out a

Matthias Miller  1:26:59
I would propose this, but,

Matthias Miller  1:27:10
okay, all right, so there's that. This one's still in research phase by by Seth or me,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:19
yeah, there's nothing else. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:27:21
all right, good reporting discrepancies. We got that done. I guess.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:30
Dive into your business. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:27:32
I have, do we have any availability in the next 26 hours or so to spend at least 90 minutes diving, jumping into the abyss. I I have a call scheduled. I could have a call with Dwayne later today, but I can also see about moving him around. What so what are you guys's availability?

Speaker 1  1:28:00
I have anytime till about two o'clock this afternoon or anytime tomorrow. So I'm, I'm open.

Speaker 3  1:28:09
I could do any anything from now until or today and then tomorrow, from like six Eastern to 730

Matthias Miller  1:28:21
so I'm, I'm incredibly nervous because of the implications of this, of pushing it till

Unknown Speaker  1:28:29
tomorrow. I

Matthias Miller  1:28:30
mean, it's either that, or we yank the changes and and and push it back in, I guess, I guess Josh isn't planning to do sounds like Josh isn't planning to do an update this weekend.

Speaker 3  1:28:52
I mean, if it works for you, I would, since you're in the middle of it anyway,

Speaker 4  1:28:58
I think it'd be our best shot at success is, is talking about it today, of but I don't know if you can make

Speaker 3  1:29:09
you have to move Twain around right on your schedule.

Matthias Miller  1:29:13
Let me see how much, see what.

Matthias Miller  1:29:21
Let me, let me check between and see,

Speaker 3  1:29:28
tell him if we could only move his only project out a little bit.

Speaker 3  1:29:42
Do I told you what, what Dwayne's working on, right? The, what he's calling only the RTO software.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:47
Oh, really is it only?

Speaker 3  1:29:51
Yeah, that's it. I think he spelled with O, W, n, l, y, like rent to own, own and, yeah. The inside comment which,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:04
well, yeah, that's, that's where I think that's where only comes from,

Speaker 3  1:30:20
that I think you guys are going to do and with the work you do with investor tools on municipal bonds and, oh, I don't understand that and to at all, but I think you guys are going to do

Unknown Speaker  1:30:41
better with this RTO thing, then it just seems to me, it there's

Speaker 3  1:30:47
probably not a better fit for a set of developers than than you guys, with the experience you have on

Unknown Speaker  1:30:56
On that side of financials.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:00
That's the hope that they're

Unknown Speaker  1:31:04
to pull this off and make it

Unknown Speaker  1:31:05
work really well.

Speaker 3  1:31:10
I've never, I mean, I just know what, what Dwayne's told me about RTO Pro, and that everybody uses it and it's outdated. And you know that I would be delighted if

Speaker 4  1:31:24
five years from now, a large percentage of the I don't know, 85% of RTO companies would be using This stuff

Unknown Speaker  1:31:37
make more than one of us escalated so

Unknown Speaker  1:31:48
uh, here, well,

Matthias Miller  1:31:59
I guess we are just straight up facing the reality of competing demands. What if we just did

Unknown Speaker  1:32:06
what's your time frame? Matthias, for today,

Matthias Miller  1:32:09
I can, I mean, I am free, theoretically, from about one or 130 up until four, 430 Eastern.

Speaker 1  1:32:19
Um, well, what if we just do that one one or 130 and then we'll just make it work. Then, okay, I mean, I can go a little later if I need to.

Matthias Miller  1:32:33
Well, let's plan on, let's plan on, on 115 to 115 to 145 we'll block out 90 minutes. Sorry, 115 to 245 Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:32:52
and we're going to do really well with the numbers on the RTO side of things.

Matthias Miller  1:33:02
True. And the event title is called the abyss. So, all right, here's what we're going to do, so then we'll do that, and

Matthias Miller  1:33:35
Okay, I gotta drop Let's talk at we'll talk at 115 Eastern. Sounds good. All right, thank you guys.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:46
Thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai