Speaker 1  00:10
Okay, so one of the things that just hit me is that the Joe hardy would know, applies to delegation. And it applies to multiple dimensions. So for example, when a delegate scheduling thing

Speaker 1  00:20
people might not know, there's things that I know about my schedule that they might not know. So part of my job is to reveal the things that I know that others don't know. But then their job is also to unearth the things that other people know that that I might not know. So this is this is a lot of what scheduling comes down to if of like, what works well for you What, what works well for you, etc, etc, the back and forth.

Unknown Speaker  00:39
And it's this discovery of information that's really inefficient. Now,

Unknown Speaker  00:42
the other way that it applies, is that

Speaker 1  00:45
some people ask for, they have a certain outcome that they need to accomplish. And so they asked for certain

Unknown Speaker  00:52
certain piece of information, and

Matthias Miller  00:56
there might be, they might have a certain requirement to finish by a certain date, they might not know that that data is flexible, they might not know that there are other ways of getting it done there might not know of certain shortcuts or past work that's been done. So part of your job as a leader is to provide is to reveal information to other people. And this all ties back into even in to lend pertains thing of, you know, shared knowledge and operational efficiency where you measure operational efficiency by transparency of information and shared knowledge. So anyway, interesting approach on January window. And just I guess one of the interesting things is as a leader as you're delegating. One of the questions I've had is when should you talk and when should you not talk? And I think one of the things is that you should talk when you have information that you think that could affect the outcome of something and do you think perhaps it's something that they don't know passing information is not a form of control or micromanagement unless it is unless you're trying to control micromanage, see the outcome, but, you know, I think many times there is information that we have in perspective that we have as a business owner that other people don't have or as a leader, so there you go. interesting thoughts.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai