Matthias Miller  00:00
Give me just a handful of things. I told the rest of the network cords from the from your office and put them behind the heater there, those can go down on the dumpster, you don't need to do anything else with them just throw them out the dumpster is between those two buildings downstairs. The other thing is in my office, the trash can has trash bags underneath it. So if you don't mind just grabbing the trash every time you clean my office, that would be awesome. If it's not smelly enough, or I don't mind if you leave it, but if it's getting to be full, it's nice to have that cleared out. If you need trash bags for your own trash cans, trashcan, I don't know if you got that with your cleaning supplies. But you can get that if you don't have it, you can pick it out and turn the receipt reimburse you for that as well. Or, we also can take a look and see if there's another way you're probably gonna want to have a personal trashcan. I have a color printer in my office that needs to be hooked up to a to a network cord. So one of the things we talked about too, or you could think about I guess, from your perspective, is whether we want to have a multi purpose printer in the office or do you want to use our phones to scan and then just print off of that one once we get it plugged in and connected? Or do you want to use the downstairs one I'm not really super eager to use a shared printer but we'd love to hear your suggestions on that if you have some input. If you'd rather do otter instead of boxer we could definitely do that as well. And I can I can do voice notes and send to you that way but if you let me know once once you get boxers set up and we can take a look at that traffic what else The other thing that could be really nice if you have time, tomorrow or Friday to take a look at turning on the otter, zoom integration, you can just search my emails for that and figure out what it takes. One other thing that would be really nice is if you could set up a new profile in your PR actually asked him how he does it with with switching back and forth between his email and my email, or maybe you've already talked to him about this, if you've talked to him about it, don't worry about it. Whether it's a you know, a second account, if you switch back and forth, or whether he has a whole separate profile for that and which which approach is better. You might have some feedback on that. If you have a separate chrome profile, you can change, change the chrome background, so that when you log into my email account, it's back when was logged in two years later, you know, whatever, whatever kind of background that you choose. If you've got questions about that, feel free to ask me tomorrow.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai