Speaker 1  00:01
All right well I have a little bit of a crazy idea right now I don't know if I should be doing this on the road or not but we're going to see we'll give it a try. And we are going to go through some of my friends list and see exactly what it is that this stuff is. See, see what is what is the commonality among some of my friends. I'm just gonna go through some of my friends and describe them a little bit. And we're gonna go from there so well, Josh long. You know, he's a consultant. He's been in Planet Perry. I feel like he's, you know, he thinks very he's very solid. Thinker. I think from what I can tell. And I'm not sure what else I would want to add about him. You know, kind of bottleneck growth and scaling guy. And I'm a sales guy as well. Sam part. You know, I met him through the memos event, and a marketer and I like his empathy and creative nature. I feel like he's a sharp marketer. And there's something about him that just, I guess resonates with him. Jonathan Wilson. You know, he and I could probably connected more over you know, once again played a Perry stand up dude, more technical, probably more of a connection on the technical side than on the than anything, but, you know, once again, just a good head on his shoulders, like the ability to think things through understands the complexity of marketing, like few people do.

Unknown Speaker  01:54
Mandy read. I don't know what it is about her like she's high empathy. She's

Speaker 1  01:59
highly relational. She's highly outgoing. She's businesswoman loves business, loves growth and scale from what I can tell, you know, there has a bit of that, that mindset and also very creative, like super, super creative Facebook ad ads guy marketing guy, Robert, I don't know that we would necessarily would have connected with Robert if it hadn't been for existing connections mostly. Being in the same world but, you know, his ability to ask deep, deep questions. He does ask really good penetrating questions. And Melvin, very prophetic, that's probably the thing that connects with me the most he's also understands the psychology of business fairly well. Alex scharffen I felt like he also I don't know how to describe it. It's not conventional psychology, but for him to be able to understand what drives what drives it and also just a very grounded perspective on systems and process and in a very good perspective on kind of leveraged call, proactive kinds of kinds of things. DAVID You know, I would say for him, very much a very much intentionality and Holy Spirit driven values, the presence of God and very Kingdom minded. Kelly, you know, her I don't know exactly why we connected there's parts of it that we do parts of it that we don't do we cross paths a timer to, Kevin? Well, Kevin is is this, this connector? And I think that's the thing that really resonates with me. And I think it's obviously as you're talking about the things that don't like sometimes they don't like how little practical skill he's got. Or, I don't know it's all very, very, very lucky. He's relational. Further than I am. Also very high empathy. The other thing I appreciate from him is just learning him to go with the flow. go with what feels right. Follow the energy, stay in peace. Seek alignment. That's that's something that's really valuable and important to him, to me to to him. To me about him. The other thing I'll note is it's interesting how many of these people are involved in facilitating some kind of mastermind or coaching. So Josh long, Josh's Mandy is doing business consulting. Roberts involved Melvin, Alex, David. David is Kevin is alright sage I don't really know why. You know, I don't know if it's a That's a silly guy would naturally connect with I mean to two degree guys are interests are pretty different. There's kind of this, this marketing just because of the proximity and projects we've done, but I don't know that. You know, he doesn't have a creative bent. Randall, probably not somebody I would, I would immediately connect with but when we do connect, it's something on the intellectual level, Tom Bell, you know, copywriter, scaling, marketing, you know, some of that stuff is pretty is pretty aligned. But I also feel like there's some differences Bradley you know, once again, Bradley and I don't hang out just to hang out, I hang out to pick his brain and I don't feel like that's, there's the same level of alignment with him. I feel like there's a lot of things in which I'm more advanced than he is and what I've learned, but he does, he does know EOS and it's it's worth at least a consideration. Trish is in business. And you know, I think that's it you know, she's creative loves very artistic kind of bent. Melissa, that's an interesting one. I feel like she's one where I can be fully myself. Have fun humor. Reminds me most of my sister probably just interested in scaling, perhaps consulting consulting One day One day VIPs et cetera.

Speaker 1  06:33
But you know, it's beyond some of that personality stuff and the work that they do I feel like we approach it very differently. I'm not sure exactly how or why but it does feel like that. Monica. She was a client, very creative, very artistic and very empathetic. That's definitely something that that landed. Eric Well, oh, goodness, I don't even know why. I mean, we're just landed in the same circles. I don't know that we would naturally go out for a beer or anything like that. But what is that we connect over? I think there's, you know, just the integrity looking out for clients. Perhaps. Kevin not much, TJ, one of the things I appreciate about TJ I feel like he's elevated in leadership. i There's a leadership quality that he has about him. And the fact that he's done a whole bunch of inner work. I feel like there's definitely a connection with that. Brad, high empathy, marketing, care about you know, different things like that, Brian, I don't really know Brian very well. We run in the same circles but we really don't know each other very well. Who else? George, we run in the same circles, same kind of mindset. Same, you know, perspective, but as friends. You know, what level what depth of residents do we have? I think it's a lot from shared language from interest in marketing. In general, 8020 principles and things like that. But, you know, beyond that, I feel like we are sometimes cut from a different cloth Deacon, Deacon, I think really connected with him more on the to AIC second and command type of thing and the fact that you know, the ability to grow and scale companies and looking at, you know, ways to do that systems and processes put in place. I feel like there's some differences in how we relate how we look at the world. He feels to be more introverted, but he also has an engineering background, and I feel like that's really helped him there. Chris Evans high empathy, very grounded, very strategic thinker, and an interest in growth and scale. I think, Chris, if I had a brother, sometimes I wonder if Chris would be a brother. Let's see. So Richard, biggest heart in the world, cares, cares, cares. About people. Very creative, very right brained cares about people just amazing. Matt, well, I don't really know. We've had that connection. I mean, he's selling for a software company, but that's about as much as I know about him. I don't know that we've really connected that that deeply. Eric, very artistic, very systems minded, focusing on efficiency to enable growth in scale, but not growth in scale for scale sake. Yeah, empathy is definitely a big one Mandy also just as groundedness strategic thinker, high leverage, focusing on growth at scale through doing less, not more. I really feel like that's a that's, that's it Sam woods, man. This dude is a thinker. Again, a strategic thinker, grounded thinker. He's deeper in AI. So skill set is a bit different. But I don't know if there's any technical background that he's got that shared but, but that's a lot of what stands out to him, Julian. You know, we wouldn't hang out if it wouldn't be for the fact that business requires it, but we've or responsibilities require it. But when we did we did talk about growth and scaling businesses Josh Thomas, I don't really know that much about him. To be honest, he seems like a nice dude, but I don't know that our personalities completely aligned. Cody, I love Cody's approach to simplifying marketing and doing it low key and laid back. That is my style. Low key and laid back strategic low effort and just get it done and make it happen. Sam, also strategic thinker, great leader, empathetic, but also very, very intelligent. Well read Shannon, super, super high empathy, sharp woman. Sharp is attack doesn't take doesn't take any crap. And very, very perceptive and very confident in the direction that she's taken. Tim, Wow, talk about a thinker and a half again, like this dude is again sharp as a tack and is becoming increasingly grounded. And yeah, I appreciate the types of questions that he asked and perspective and insight that he brings. All of that that's super helpful for me. Been high empathy, very grounded, long term thinking. Low key high leverage customer oriented. And there's a spiritual element to it as well. Stephanie, you know, this, this left brain right brain perspective, probably more than anything. There's a level of grounding is not the same as parry or something like that, but but the ape ability to give contextual grounded counter perspective. I feel like we you know, and also a very strategic thinker, but also very detail oriented, which is helpful for me. Dori, Dori is super creative, extremely creative. Actually, and very strong psychological band interest in marketing. I feel like we maybe actually be too similar to be friends or we may have some differences. I think she's almost too right brain for me. I don't really like people that are way way way on the right brain side. But Greg, is somebody we share some kingdom values and stuff like that. Sure. Some technical background. I don't know that we'd be friends. If it would just be for that. But you know, it is what it is, Matt. Matt's also a very strategic thinker as well. And I don't know exactly how to describe it. But you know, as a CFO, I resonate with some of his approach to numbers in life and how he looks at the world. I don't know how to describe it, but he's got a relational bet. So he's not just all numbers, but he's like, an emotionally intelligent numbers guy. And it reminds me of Mark in that way. Craig. Also marketing interest. It's, it's maybe not less of a natural, but I feel like there's some evolution that needs to happen with him to find the alignment. So let's get over that is Chad. There's minimal connection. You know, some technical background and stuff like that. Richard, um, you know, I think we connect on the CEO mindset and mentality and some of the systems but some of that I don't actually really resonate with that well. Oh, King about you. Is it a value for generosity and looking out for other people and supporting them jock? Oh, man, this dude is also I would also call him high empathy, relational, but also great. I mean, I know him for his tech background, but I've just enjoyed him as a friend. Just fine. And the random outreaches Jaron, very interested in some kind of philosophy, very philosophical Quinten that's not gonna we're gonna exclude that, Caleb. You know, we look at the world so differently through his lens. He's got to get an ease of initiating factfinder he's he's got all this stuff. And you know, also a bit of a he's probably more analytical but this general openness to to the emotional world. Jason is very, very honest. The other Jason nevermind just Jason is very friendly, very outgoing, very spiritual, very empathetic. We get along quite well. Joe, same way, spiritually open minded creative. Rudy. Rudy is a strategic thinker. And so that's definitely where we fit. David Klein marketer I don't really have anything more than that, Gary. Relational strategic high level leader. kingdom values values for people. value for the creative openness to the creative. Carla would say the same thing really relational and open to creative to the creative. Kaitlyn goodness, super, super high empathy, and very creative as well. As doing some super interesting stuff. Amy, relational, outgoing, creative and is spiritually aligned. The place we would run into issues is I still have a drive and a need to accomplish and to build. And so I love the interactions that I do have I don't think I don't know if I could actually work with Joel. I love a leader. And when I say high level leader, it's a these are strategic leaders who are really skilled at leading, and not just not just top down leadership but

Speaker 1  16:31
grounded. It really is grounded leadership in terms of being able to be emotionally calm and regulated and in a good space. I feel like that's something that's very simple sister. No. Again, relational, business minded numbers guy. Barbara, also creative, consulting oriented. Vlad. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi empathy Hi interested in psychology.

Unknown Speaker  17:15
Eli you know, I don't I don't know what like empathetic sales is really.

Speaker 1  17:22
I would capture him. JT, operator See, Seth, not so much, Cory. Cory, highly relational, highly empathetic. JD dude, this dude is just the kingdom of value for the kingdom of Hawaii for marketing. Alex, you know, I don't even really know why I think he values my creativity. I don't know if he considers himself to be creative. I look at his business. I don't always think it's particularly well run. He sees something in me more than I've seen him I think, Rodney numbers guy. high empathy strategic thinker, high level thinker, high level leader. That's him Cameron. Well, we've got the same Colby scores. So that's that and have some background in kind of a to IC role. But more than that, I don't know. I perceive him to be a very empathetic and relational, very giving and generous person. But, you know, I don't I don't know that much about him. Sarah. I don't know much about her. genes. James. very prophetic, very heart centered. Not tactical enough in some of the things that he's doing was very strong, results oriented. Oh man. I think also a relational leader. Very, very focused on self growth, learning, development, improving himself. I really don't know where he's at emotionally. But in other areas, I see that Ulrich very strategic thinker, top of the field very in depth in his his posts, very thoughtful, very, very helpful, very thorough. Adam sand, man, like what I hear very giving don't really know the guy, Bruce, also high empathy. Not not pretty creative, the more they get it done. Cutting was still a good kind of guy. Very easygoing, very relational, easy to get along with Chip, very relational, very easy to get along with. Joel not strong connection to this guy. But he's got some you know, just generally interest in psychology and power dynamics. It's probably one of the things that Caleb, I think we got some tech background. I think there's potential for alignment, but we've never really talked. And so I think he could be another good one to talk to, Jake. You know, I don't know that we really connect I think there's some things that he could I don't know. Karen high empathy, relational operations focused, cares about people but also wants to get it done. And a more of an integrator than than I am, but definitely share some of those values. William I think also just a creative. I don't know. Probably a bit of the same creative bent that I see other places David. Man, like just talking about a grounded introvert. And very good at what he does. And very, I would call him a highly sensitive person and just all around great guy Eric Wagner. Man, I would love to do Skype more but also this would seem as a relational generous, grounded, wise individual. Dre Read, read Birdman, like once again, generosity from this guy, to get out for the best and really good at building relationships with high profile people. And that's one thing that stands out Jason also a great event. And that's, that's where some of our synergies come from. White definitely comes in with a willingness to question the status quo and and being able to to address that

Speaker 1  21:54
Celeste once again, very relational, very empathetic, very giving very generous, very agreeable Brian, I don't understand what it is that he sees a name and there's stuff that I share that he really likes, shaming, also very empathetic, very relational consulting type of type of roll dough, very grounded thinker, just root issue, thinker or a shared interest just in the kingdom. Alex very generous solid marketing by relational marketing collaboration and discussion. Very giving Mark philosophical grounded at 20 guy, CEO even keel laid back very very effective. Leader Joel, interested in strategic thinking. And yeah.

Speaker 1  23:00
Let's see. Frank. Relational guy, John relational. Guy, good marketing guy. Are you gonna just understand your surgeon? Very giving Nina's prophetic my empathy. So those are some of the folks Perry strategic relationally healthy emotionally healthy, creates a lot of space for people is not imposed power understands power dynamics. understands he understands business strategy and we know that so that's good.

Unknown Speaker  23:48
So yeah, I think that's those are some of the big ones. And I'm curious kind of what the theme is from all that.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai