Unknown Speaker  00:20
Find something

Speaker 1  00:42
here. Um, my website here. It's been so long since I've been on here, not published.

Unknown Speaker  01:33
Okay. Come around, we work

Speaker 1  01:42
with a few different things, two different companies that I thought was the one that we ended up going

Unknown Speaker  01:52
with for the most. Yeah,

Speaker 1  01:57
it was close. I wanted to finish up a few things, but I don't really know what, as far as the SEO thing, you know, for Google searches and all that stuff, and that's totally different. You can have something that looks good, but I may not be great

Unknown Speaker  02:15
for that SEO side.

Unknown Speaker  02:19
So I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  02:22
Anyhow, just for in a nutshell,

Unknown Speaker  02:26
like I can get,

Speaker 1  02:30
I can get a lot of these through Facebook, okay, but what happens is things kick up, and then I'm busy on that, and I'm in the office, and I get everything wrapped up, and then I go out. I go out and see almost all my customers. Well, when I'm on the road, I don't respond to messages coming in that day, right? Well, with four kids, my health issues, stuff, when I come home, like yesterday, I went to the doctor 11 in the springs. I got out. I had a message. I called the customer. I drove to South Fork, which is three hours from here down like west, south San Luis Valley, yeah. I mean, I made 3800 bucks, yeah, on the sale, so well worth the drive. But I got home at nine o'clock last night, yeah? So yesterday, all day, any messages that came in I'm working on my phone whenever I stop for gas and doing a little bit, or stuff like that. Well, that's not sustainable when I have my advertising cranked up, right? So I need something to do that, and that is just for me to go do that stuff.

Speaker 2  03:34
I feel like there is a huge market on the front range for a company to do what I'm doing, to have the knowledge of, okay, if you're in Pueblo west. So we can do the permits. This is what it takes. We can take care of it. We have references for you. Oh, you're in Fremont County. We can help you with this. Yeah, El Paso County. You know, different. And we can go, there's so much, there's so many things we can do. With that. I could do with a team.

Speaker 2  04:14
You know, I could have a lot of guys work. I mean, you could take that. You could if the platform that I'm envisioning could go nationwide. And my thing is, I have, well, I got burned a few times.

Speaker 1  04:34
One where I just wasted money on an employee trying to train and didn't work out. Another one where she actually took the stuff that I taught her and went two miles down the road to, supposedly, one of my friends, though, doing business with and took my took everything bare. He didn't need me anymore. So he just

Speaker 2  04:57
so I kind of kind of had bad luck with it, with everything, yeah, and then this winter, my depression was terrible, like, and I'm talking last week was about as bad as it's ever been. I was so black I keep it, and I kept thinking about the high dosage vitamin D. Had to be careful with it. But Sunday, I came home from church like, I forced myself to go to church because kids want to go to church. I forced to go. I was like, I wasn't there. I wasn't came home. I took that afternoon. I took 60,000 units of

Speaker 1  05:37
vitamin D. I was like, I'm desperate, and

Speaker 2  05:42
I don't know I had stuff with some pets and stuff trading going on that I'd take care of. And then about five, 530 I wasn't laid down. I slept about an hour, and I slept so deep, and I got up and I felt better. A lot of that was gone. And then Tuesday, I felt better. Yesterday morning, I actually felt I woke up, and I actually felt like most of the time in the morning, I will do stuff if I have to, but I don't want to do anything until I talk I don't feel good. I just can't do anything.

Speaker 1  06:11
And now today, like this morning, I was up by 730 or something. If that's unusual for me to be I didn't get home until nine or it was almost 10 when I got home last night, about 950 I got home. Yeah, so the time I took care of dogs, took care of everything, got to bed, you know, I didn't get to sleep much, four to 12. And for me to get up this morning and actually feel good is like so I'm hoping that's all it is, if I can just keep doing the vitamin D, keep going that, because physically, my aches and pains have been a lot better. Like I don't hurt as much. It's in the mental part that has been addressed. I was at a doctor yesterday. She said, I'm on the right track. We're doing the whole Well, I'm doing iron magnet on my phone. She says she's still learning enough to that stuff, and she's helping me with some stuff, supplements

Speaker 2  07:02
I give. I can feel better mentally, I can take care of training people and be there for them, right? Otherwise, I'm going to have someone that's working and whether they're working commission or on the clock, I am going to basic if I'm having a couple bad days, I'm basically answering basic questions and not really being proactive, right? And that's what I'm scared to get into, yeah, once someone like I mean, if I could find someone that used to it, yeah, our website, with the manufacturer I'm using right now is very nice. It's user friendly. There's a lot of stuff.

Speaker 1  07:46
Keep it basic. The biggest thing is getting to know, you know, okay, in El Paso County, if you want a residential you have to have a concrete foundation. If it's over 1000 square feet. You can't do the mono slab yet to the foundation, and then for your slab in public West, we can build it on a gravel pad. You can call it a garage. You can do what you want to.

Speaker 2  08:11
In Fremont County, you have to call it a storage building if you don't want concrete in it. So it's just a bunch of different stuff like that. That is just you have to know about because I don't want to get all these orders in. Yeah, and the salesman had the wrong thing, and now all of a sudden we have to go back and try to fix it. Yeah?

Matthias Miller  08:37
So well, so So there's a few pieces to tease a bird. Ideal scenario, are you subbing these jobs out then? Yeah,

Speaker 1  08:49
so I'm working with a manufacturer out of Texas. Okay, are you familiar with the yield carport platform? Yeah, it's very similar. Okay, the only difference is, this is a small family owned it's husband and wife run it, and I talk to him almost every day. They very good service, and just a small version of that. Yeah. I mean, I do have the option of selling for whoever I can expand

Speaker 2  09:17
my brother's father in law, they do a lot of horse boards, and they have a shop. He lives in Tennessee right now, but they have a shop only familiar.

Speaker 1  09:32
His brother, Johnny, had been like Cheyenne Wyoming up there for a while, and they have a shop up in the Cheyenne area. And if they can, they do a modular where they bring them out, you know, a set one on top. But they also build them on site, whatever. So if I could get to where this was someone there, I would like to pursue some different things like that, to add to it, right? My thing, right now, you can imagine, I can't keep up with stuff, right? And I can make good living, but there's more to it than that, right? Because I'm not getting back with people. I'm not

Matthias Miller  10:06
so if you had, if you had somebody handling basic text messages, scheduling, equipment setting for you, how much? How much would that? How much of your inquiries are, I guess, technical in nature, specific details, how much are just for this,

Unknown Speaker  10:35
one time last year, I

Speaker 1  10:43
Yeah. So I've been running everything through my personal page, because my return my leads have been better, okay, than it was to the business page, yeah. And that's the other thing, switching it over to business which I can do. I did it for years. I can do that, but right now I have a lot of leaders. But just like here, take this one, for instance. You know, like 50 by annual where you're located, because that obviously has a lot to

Speaker 1  11:17
do with it anyhow, and I just haven't this was yesterday, at 930 which is when I was leaving the house. I still had not replied to Yep, you know, this is,

Unknown Speaker  11:36
you know, it's, I

Speaker 1  11:45
this guy doesn't even have the land property yet. You know this one here they asked. Sometimes they'll ask for a price of a building, but it may be Western Fremont County with a snowboard, or it might be Montana or wherever. Because if you're a marketplace, you go down through there, it says, okay, outside of your area where it's easy to miss that, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:11
yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  12:17
I'm interested in this farm where you live to get a COVID, West, whatever. And then you know email.

Unknown Speaker  12:26
So

Unknown Speaker  12:30
you do barndominiums. I refer them to Julian. Here's one that I went to yesterday, needing 50,000 snow load.

Speaker 1  12:49
And ended up doing financing for part of the they're paying 8000 out of pocket. I worked with so he was talking to the inspector there in Rio Grande County. So I was literally on the phone with the inspector, getting him what he needs and stuff like that. Yeah. And that's how a lot of them see what happens is. So I gave I was focusing on him, and I make sure he gets taken care of, and I want to try to but in order to do that, I'm often neglecting other people. And so I thought about setting up chat, GPT or whatever, just see if it works. It seemed like they, I don't know how it works, but can they look at history and train themselves? You could. You could. Or do I have to put all the

Matthias Miller  13:38
info yet you want to ideally extract all the stuff out of messenger defeat into it. I don't know of any straight up plugins.

Speaker 1  13:51
That's what I was hoping on if they could do that, because 75% of the interactions are similar, relocated, okay, we have protection load. We have to whatever you know,

Matthias Miller  14:11
when you might only have to do it about one time or, I mean, it could be a little bit of a manual process. I mean, the other the other way, the challenge, okay? So there's few ways you can do this. You can also. It might also be worth finding if you can find a part time assistant with a flexible schedule, only working a couple hours a day and anytime you hop in the truck. But we couldn't just turn it on, get back to the other side. I stuff. Hop in the truck. You can hop on a call, be like, Okay, walk me through the messages, like, and you can start by training. If we can pull all the stuff on Facebook, push that into GBT, and she can start coming up with, alright. So I already asked them. We already know here's the process. I can ask them where they're located, you know, all this stuff. And I could find out if there's any question which county or whatever, if there's address whatever, whatever needs to be. And then, and in the in the training periods, you can say, Alright, here's what I here's what I'd be inclined to tell them. And you can say, Yeah, that's right, or no, can't do that, whatever. So now you have the advantage of you can be driving on the road. And I don't know if this works for you with your health conditions and stuff like that, but you'd be driving on the road talking stuff through with an assistant, and and you wouldn't and so you get some of that time back, right? But then you can also use GPT Now, the other so, so you got, you got a GT. The problem with Facebook Messenger, personal Facebook Messenger is that it's there's not really good tech integrations for it. That's like any CRM you can plug into the business side. I know. But But what I what you could do so, so you got first messenger, you got, potentially, an assistant which could buy back some time. And if there's permitting stuff that, like any kind of admin stuff, you can you can start pushing that way too. That can be pretty useful. Look for low hanging fruit, not on the way, and all that you got. The other option would be seeing if you can run ads to get people to send, send you text messages. And as soon as you get text messages, that's when you can start putting in the the AI workflows and immediately ping them. Once you're you know where you at and start going after some of that stuff, you want to make sure

Speaker 1  16:44
that you keep your eye. I see complaints all the time and will not, will not respond to, is this available wellness I love is this available? Absolutely love it. It's a one click response, but it opens up that right thing, because of a lot of people that look at it, but they don't know what to ask, sure. Well, even if they come back with Yes, I can say, okay, where you look at it, right? Well, what are you interested in? And it opens that your life, you guys are losing so much by hating all of it is available, yeah, and so I love that part of it. And I just Yeah, but and that that gets you through the first couple messages, the first couple messages, they may almost be automated, but get person already is more comfortable, yeah, then yeah.

Unknown Speaker  17:40
I think, if that's working, what we could conduct,

Speaker 1  17:47
I mean what I envision, and I'm not sure how for me, where I'm at to get there, what I'm envisioning is a minimum of one more sales person that's working on commission, and someone in the office basically doing what you're seeing, and they can be work. And honestly, it would work best if everyone could work from home, because that way, my sales person could be in North Colorado. He could be southern. He doesn't have to be here. And the same way with whoever's doing the work, they can work from home if it's busy, okay, yes, I need you here. I can call you and say, hey, this person called, he's ready for his slabs. Ready. Send in the order, because I see him like yesterday they placed the order. I don't send that to the manufacturer or to scheduling until he calls me and says, I have the permit and I have the slack ready, yep. And then at that point, I send it in, scheduling, calls him, goes over the order, gets a date, all that stuff. So sometimes, just reminded me yesterday, when I was on the road, I got a call, someone's ready. I need to send that in, right? And now, 24 days later, 24 hours later and I still haven't sent it in. It's perfect admin job, and that's something that I can even go with text and say, hey, you know, yeah, Wilson is ready send in this stuff, yep. Or someone calls and they need some. Hey, send this Docusign. Or, hey, we need to change colors on this building, or whatever, just stuff like that. And there is a lot of that, but it kind of goes and starts. There's some weeks where there's not much work, right? So how to keep someone busy to make it worth it for everyone, that person almost has to have a handle in sales as well of some sort, or I have to have several sales people, keep that person, or I need to, I, and this isn't just for the money part for me, this is for my business and taking care of customers. I need someone who can take care of I need people that can take care of things when I can't give it my focus, right? For various reasons, right? Yeah, I have four kids who are trying to get this house ready to sell and fill on the new property. There's a lot that isn't my health. And, yes, there's a lot of moving parts. It's like, it's everything, and it seems to me that should be able to, because I feel like, I mean, quite honestly, if a sales person on commission could, even if they only sell 60, 75% of what I do, could still probably make six figures. It's not like they're not making money. Yeah, you know. So how that would work with the person in the office then, I don't know. I mean, if someone's busy and they keep up with everyone, I'd pay them $1,000 a week in a heartbeat, even if they're only working 30 hours a week. But because the thing is, here's how I look at that person that I'm paying $1,000 a week or whatever, if she makes so I sell one more building that's an extra $3,000 in income on average. Yeah? So if she frees up a little bit or make so that I have one or two more sales a month, yeah, it's more than her, you know? Yeah, my whole thing is dealing what I'm dealing with. I've told you a lot of what, just going from there to putting this stuff in motion and making it happen. So

Matthias Miller  21:38
I have a guy. Do you think that person would have to be local? No, so I got a guy. Sales, yes. Sales, well. Sales, yes, but I've got a guy who specializes in nothing but hiring assistance. US based assistance for guys like you. And he hasn't. He has a down to garden science, basically, and he's got a really high stake rate. It's all, but it's everything. It's the you want a little bit of a mini me, like somebody who's worn a lot of different hats, because that's what they need at the beginning, somebody that compliments attention to detail, consistent follow through with some of your needs. You know, obviously, somebody who's good on the phone, good with customers, but more of your customer service style. You're not looking for a salesperson, experience, admin stuff,

Speaker 1  22:41
as long as we are, as long as it's still something where we are Colorado based, we are located in Penrose, or whatever. You know,

Unknown Speaker  22:51
a lot of the people that I deal with,

Speaker 1  22:55
if they would be like, Oh, this guy's in Ohio, and they get that whole thing, they're done, because at that point, if it comes to price right, and I'm not, I tell people straight up, if you don't have a local rep, why am I trying to price match? Right? It's not the same deal, right? It may be a fit for you. This is where I'm at on it. This guy out of Texas, that $2,000 cheaper may be the right fit for you, but it's not the same product. So why should I price match something that's not the same right? And I need to play. And I get a lot of people that we're doing the paperwork, and they're like, you know, you're not the cheapest guy, but you're local, and you came out and yes, that's what it was. I

Matthias Miller  23:39
just recall right before you showed up. But we were talking about that. People were talking about, oh, hey, guys, gonna get rid of all the real estate brokers, all this other kind of stuff. No, people, when you're spending a lot of money, you want to see somebody, right, a real person. So I get what you're saying. So with this assistant, I mean, I would, you know, get a void number, have it be based in Colorado TV Canyon, or wouldn't even have to be there. And you can totally, totally have it be Colorado based, and there, that's his, that's about his turn key and the most reliable if you're looking to get somebody even he's got a strong track record. I trust the guy and that kind of person, those are not the kind of people who it's very unlikely that you're the kind of person who has ambitions of going off and starting their business or just, I mean, there it's more of the, I mean, you know, again, one of the many screening questions is like, what's, what's going to your three year vision?

Speaker 3  24:51
If anything comes up about hopefully go start with a business probably, probably not here, but,

Speaker 1  24:57
you know, I know that that's a risk. And if I go and I have a couple salespeople, eventually, one of them is going to go off and compete with me, yeah, in a way, that means I did my job right, right? And it is part of life. I mean, that's how I grew up doing stuff. And, you know, it's there's plenty of room for all of us at this point. At least, I know that and that that's not as big a deal for me. It's more I didn't know what I was doing. I hired the wrong person, right? And she was I found out later she Well, I was in Mississippi, and the culture down there is very toxic. Everyone knows everybody, and all they want to do is talk about people, and

Unknown Speaker  25:45
then talk about themselves.

Unknown Speaker  25:51
And through that whole thing I had,

Speaker 1  26:00
I don't know I had exposed some stuff from true narcissist, and that's opened up a whole spiritual battle, a lot of attacks, a lot of stuff that was just weird and like, and everything crashed. Like, my health cracked everything I don't know. Like, I look at getting out of there and moving back out here, and it's like, it's only by the grace of God, like, because where I was at and what was going on, I don't know, and it still terrifies me with everything, like, so everything was just a lot at the time. Yeah, now it's just a thing. I'm like, this week, I feel like I can tackle the world. But last week, I was so impressed about money and everything else, I wasn't sure I'm going to be able to pay like, am I even going to make any more money by the time I need it like that? Just it was, and that can be 12 hour difference from one to the next, right? It's just

Matthias Miller  26:57
learning to Yeah, working with it. I um, so the the nice, okay, so the nice thing about the assistant is that that does buy you some time, maybe to say, they basically say you're booked. I mean, if you're not doing well, right, they can just say you're booked for a couple days or whatever. Yeah, and, well,

Speaker 1  27:20
here's the crazy thing, even when I'm at my worst, if I can talk on the phone or in person with people, I feel better. It's getting behind the computer, and I think some of this may be something I need to work through from so all this was going on in Mississippi during COVID, and that's when I learned, you know, Jeremy Martin from Kentucky. No, I don't sorry, you should follow it for a social media guy. He is the guy in the shed world. A lot of people don't like him, understandably. So he's very outspoken. He is but he loves numbers. He loves social media, marketing. He loves He loves sales, like money is just a number for him, it's just

Matthias Miller  28:08
inspiring spaces built somewhere else, very important.

Speaker 4  28:19
He's not meta money. I might

Unknown Speaker  28:29
be a fun

Unknown Speaker  28:33
maybe I'll find out for your voice. See if I can find off your friends. I

Unknown Speaker  28:41
think it's fine. Let me see maybe. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  28:48
this is him, Kevin, connection.net,

Unknown Speaker  28:51
there he is.

Unknown Speaker  28:54
So for whatever reason,

Speaker 1  28:57
during COVID, he took me under it, and he told me, and he was, as he was, running stuff through Facebook. You know what? Right now, the algorithm is $200 a day. You need to run $200 a day to get the most out of it. You need to run it for three days or more. So if you're not doing it, you're wasting a lot of money. And then later you call back and talk say, You know what? They changed some stuff on it. No, you know this is the best. And so he helped me with all that stuff back during COVID. So I'm at the office, but I didn't have to see people, which at that time was a good thing. But what happened is, by the time I left Mississippi, I was so burned out with sitting behind a computer I didn't want

Unknown Speaker  29:36
to do Yeah,

Speaker 1  29:39
Julian, and I talked to Julian, and I started working for Leland, and their thing was, we have a lot. We're going to get people on the lot. Yeah, that's what they probably still say, but it's a lie. I'll tell you that to your face, but when you get down there, what they want is a call center, right? And then my father, I got cancer and passed away a couple months later, and I just never went back through that whole deal.

Speaker 2  30:09
I worked through some of the stuff about the computer market, because even then, at that point, I mean, I was doing DoorDash and stuff like that, just to try to keep food on the table.

Speaker 1  30:20
And long story, anyhow, my health had I had COVID soon after we moved here, and that was the first time got to my lungs. After that, my sleep. Sleep declined, yeah, but it was only during that winter that they finally did some tests and I would never was getting any REM sleep. Wow. So then they put me on oxygen at night, and I was on that for over a year, and then that helped my sleep, so then I could start getting better, but without your sleep, especially where I'm at, and just decline, yeah, so there I had a lot of stress with going back to Mississippi for the funeral and family and all that stuff going on through that whole thing. But somehow, through that thing, over the holidays that year, I work through some stuff. Because even at that point, like, in my mind, I knew I could make 100,000 a year with doing what I knew, like it was, there was no doubt in my mind I could do it. Yeah, I didn't want to, like, there was a lot, there was a mind block. I did not want to sit behind the computer. The thought of doing it was, we went to moms for Thanksgiving or sorry for Christmas. New Year, we were there two or three weeks. And during that time, I ran a few ads, and when we came home on Chris on New Year's Eve, I had three appointments set up. I brought in over $10,000 in January, which shouldn't happen, especially not a brand new company.

Speaker 2  31:44
Yeah, in February, it was about the same March,

Speaker 1  31:50
in August, July or August of the year, I brought in $99,000 or 96 I was trying to break the six figures for, and that's my commission, obviously. Yeah, right. So that was an incredible 23 like, that was just like, wow, going from where I was at, just here was incredible. Yeah, last year wasn't as bad, but my health kept declining. It kept just going down and working through some stuff, and then everything crashed in August, and it just been and honestly, yeah, last year wasn't as good as 23 but here it's still I could have done so much better with my health. Was there.

Unknown Speaker  32:38
I still sold over a million last year, but it's still, yeah, it was, I don't know.

Speaker 1  32:50
I know what can be done, and I know that what I'm doing, with the numbers I'm doing is such a small fraction of what could be done. Oh, what I was going to say is, through that thing, I found out that I can do this without sitting behind my computer. I can go visit a client this morning, find a coffee shop, work for a few hours and set up an appointment and go home. Or I can go to our property with properties out the forums, and I can just go down there and sit outside and work on my computer. You know, I don't have to be here, if I would have, I'll be honest, you're not even beautiful office. If I had to come here 30 hours a week, I would lose my

Unknown Speaker  33:32
workers. Yeah,

Speaker 1  33:34
I did it. It's just for me. It's almost PTSD everything, if I can do it. But I need someone who will Yes, right? And there's a lot of stuff. If someone learns it, like I said, assistant would learn some of the stuff they can do, 95% of what I do, and simply say, Hey, I've got someone here that's ready. He wants you to come out. Because a lot of times what I do, I'm talking to them. They're getting serious. I'm like, hey, if this is something you want to pursue, I want to come out and meet you. Yeah, we're going to talk about it. We're going to look at your spot. I know it's not ready. We're going to we're going to talk things out. If you have any questions, we're going to make sure we're on the same page before we shake hands and you give me any money, yep. And that builds confidence on both ends, because sometimes I get out there and I find

Unknown Speaker  34:24
out there's

Unknown Speaker  34:26
this other company you should talk to. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  34:27
exactly, running

Speaker 2  34:31
into some stuff here. I've never had that. Once I was out on the job,

Speaker 1  34:37
I had a few people through messenger that they were like, I'm the customer. You do what I want. And I just said, oh, you know what? I think you might be better to go somewhere else. All of them, except one, were like, wait, what? And they ended up buying from me. And my whole thing is, I'm sure you're very good at your job, whatever you do for a living, you are very good at it. Well, I'm good at my job. Do me. You're not letting me do my job, right? So I'm asking you questions, not just to BS, you. I'm asking you questions because I know all my products. Yeah, and you think you want this right now, but what if I can get you of something that fits better for same or less money, yep, yep. And if you're not gonna let me do that, you're just gonna be difficult through the whole process. And it's not worth my time. I've got a waiting list of people waiting get back to I don't think.

Speaker 2  35:38
But yeah, there's, you know, if I had someone doing that, it would change, even if I still did all the footwork. And I enjoy it

Speaker 1  35:47
going out, seeing people get seen on the road like I really enjoy that, yeah. And if I could do that three days a week and try to schedule all the meetings for stuff like that, yep. And then, you know, at some point, have someone else that rides with me and train them to do that as well. Because if I was doing that, I would have a more consistent cash flow, right? Like this week feeling good, I might bring in 10, 15,000 work with next week combined. It might be whatever, right? But then, if I don't feel good, I might not make any money for a couple weeks, not because there's no work, but because I don't

Matthias Miller  36:23
feel good, right? Yes. So this is, this may be a little aspirational. I don't know how hard you would want to drive this thing. I have a friend of mine. This stuff just happens to be my friend's alleys, or the, at least the specifics of it, a friend of mine who does nothing, or one of the top things he does is recruit salespeople, and there's very specific things to look for, and 90% of salespeople are order takers and getting somebody who who does consultative, non manipulative sales. But also you want them to be independent and self motivated and financially motivated as well, if that's what makes it tick. And he's got a lot of stories, so he's not cheap in terms of, well, depending by what measure, there's a price tag to it, but if you once, once you get to the point of having somebody so there's a few basic rules to look at, looking at the salesperson side. One of the things to look at is first of all, getting enough. So phase one seems to me to be getting an assistant. Phase two is putting a little bit more of the sales systems in place so that there's a defining process. This is how we manage leads. This is how we keep track of stuff. Here's accountability. Here's the people who reached out. Here's how many people progressed through the system. You can, you know, and in setting up a and you don't have to run this. This can all be run by your assistant, especially for your sake. You can make the sales guy run it. Run it for his, for his or her stuff, but, but, you know, and then managing the scheduling the whole way through the process, so you can have one place to see where all this stuff is going. Once you have that foundation in, then the next big thing to look for is, if you and I don't know if he would amend his rules for rural areas or not. But his rule is always, there's got to be a pretty, pretty, pretty straight path to the salesperson earning 150k or more a year. And if you put that stuff in place, and if you're going to work with, and, yeah, you're going to, they're expected to work, but they're going to work with. There's a sales process in place. They got leads coming their way, and they have that kind of earning potential. Most times you'll end up needing to recruit them away from another opportunity gotcha, but you can get some really good sales talent and and a lot of the folks that he's worked with,

Unknown Speaker  39:22
they would have to sell so I

Speaker 2  39:26
don't know. I was thinking maybe eight. So, full transparency, I get, I get 16% commission, okay, a top perform, what? Some of it depends how much money I have, at least as well, right? You know, if I'm paying a lot in leads, if, if,

Speaker 1  39:46
if I had someone working under me, and they were bringing their own leads and stuff like that, and they were selling a million, I would, I would pay 10% Yep, and I handle all the back end, all, you know, everything, it's just they focus on sales and everything like that. That's kind of the numbers I was at. I was hoping to

Speaker 2  40:11
so Leland out here is all.

Speaker 1  40:21
They are very they have a whole team together where they have a sales manager with the accountability, they have someone taking Texas, taking care of advertising, and they have the salesman, but the salesman, all they do is work with the customer and they get paid 3% I forget exactly now that's it.

Unknown Speaker  40:50
Interest is at 4%

Unknown Speaker  40:54
No, it was 6% 6% it was 6%

Unknown Speaker  40:59
it sounds more related to

Speaker 1  41:05
space. But even with that, even with those numbers, the two guys at that location, I mean, what number you'd have to sell 2.5 so to make 150,000

Unknown Speaker  41:19
see what? Yeah, that's good.

Speaker 1  41:26
Numbers make sense to me. It doesn't make sense. I'll Be right back. Get rid of

Unknown Speaker  42:00
three days in

Speaker 4  42:22
My life, all good. Cool, so There's a

Unknown Speaker  43:00
little bit of change and

Unknown Speaker  43:20
I think There's like

Speaker 5  44:00
I'm trying to remember What Hey, I am in a

Unknown Speaker  44:20
okay. I think it's up 24 Yeah, I

Speaker 6  44:40
Yeah, yeah. Very happy about Everything else should be done. Community, can I can? I

Unknown Speaker  45:35
point back, I was I wasn't. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  45:42
just keeping okay. I

Speaker 4  45:51
wasn't,

Speaker 1  45:56
yeah, okay, awesome. I'll call you back. Okay, when I was getting on the restroom, the guy called and he wants me to come up tomorrow. I need to take my wife to Denver anyhow, but he's up in four Upton. Okay, this is a 40 bucks, nice one, so, but then he's trying to tell me how to get there and play the guy just crack me up. Like, here I have how many GPS is on here? I'll be there too dirty.

Speaker 2  46:33
So this guy, that the thing. So there's two different things. One, the assistant part. I love that idea, if they can take care of a lot of the messages and

Speaker 1  46:47
work with that kind of thing. Unfortunately, in my head, I have low expectations, yeah, well, from people that are actually going to be motivated and they actually want they they're excited about their job and they want to do something like I have been expecting someone that pretty much have to micromanage, Do this, do that, not someone that's actually going to be proactive. And that's my head. That's because of my past experience. I get it,

Speaker 2  47:17
so that's a big hang up for me. If I could find someone kind of a mini me, to a degree

Speaker 1  47:29
that is it, can get excited about it, and can, I mean, you know, sky's the limit,

Matthias Miller  47:39
so, I mean, you could, so I don't know exactly how to commit with this guy's prices. His it's about, I think the whole process, he says, about 13 weeks by the time you from the time you start to when you actually get the person hired. They're placed directly within you. Your company runs about five to 10k they'll give you three interviews as part of the process, three different qualified candidates, and you give you the chance to sell stuff. But when it comes to, I mean, that's where I don't know if he had any reason, probably any reason to I got my assistant through him. Sadly, this is Rabbit's rail, but I've been a big fan of some of the which you follow on, like marketing and sales and all this stuff. But like, you know, giving me great cardio, Russell Brunson, like

Unknown Speaker  48:55
and the rest, I don't really,

Matthias Miller  48:58
so I end up being pretty picky. I think tribes hang up together, and I always like the tribes that are gathered around some of those other places. So anyway, so I get the hang up. I don't know what to tell you, besides, I don't have enough good things to say about his process. No,

Unknown Speaker  49:24
no, the guy who does,

Matthias Miller  49:26
oh, that's this kind of stuff that I would encourage you in a minimum, have a conversation with him. Just feel it out, explore it with him. It's possible. So it is possible that you can, I mean, there's other ways to short circuit the hiring thing. I got a, I got a personal assistant locally, just to run errands and see after stuff that came through from the friend and see,

Speaker 1  49:56
that's what I keep waiting on. There has to be someone. But then it's like, in my mind, there has to be someone with all the people moving in and out. There's people in New Horizons that want to stay longer, or they just want something on the side, or something like and there's things that they could do for me. And actually, Calvin Hershberger, I talked to him, I thought he was going to sell for me, because he loved sales, yeah, but he ended up being a lot busier. We told me at least that he got a lot busier with the store, and he didn't really at that time, you know, wasn't really there.

Unknown Speaker  50:29
But I keep thinking, you know, the right person is going to come and it's going to end. But then,

Speaker 1  50:37
due to my health stuff, we've got so much going on in our family and everything that we don't get out to a lot of social stuff, right? Kind of also, when I'm not feeling well, I'm almost anti social. I don't want to go places. I don't want to be around, you know, around being people, one on one, and having real conversation. But going to social events is not my thing,

Speaker 3  50:58
right? Yes, that makes sense. So

Speaker 2  51:02
I don't get out as much. I don't know a lot of the people that move in. I don't really know a lot of

Matthias Miller  51:13
that, but market, market rates for that are last I heard in the last year or 220, to $25 an hour. It was somebody like that at 20 hours a week. I mean, that's, that's 500 bucks a week, close taxes, and there's a lot of stuff that somebody like that can do.

Speaker 1  51:36
But see for me, and I'm probably limiting myself, here is someone going to be happy with that yes, and they're going to be available whenever I need to, well, you don't have

Matthias Miller  51:45
to work out availability and so, and I don't know how that, how that works, like with mine, she's got a kid in school. She's actually ended up being in northeastern Colorado, just completely by accident. Like nationwide that they recruit all kind of across the nation. She was happy to be in Colorado, but she's got a kid in school, so, so she's available generally for noons. But that's I think, and I would just talk that through with them, like, maybe you do want somebody who's, you know, maybe it's the middle of the day, like, and if you're already working, generally, working later. If you can find somebody who's available from about maybe it's from 12 to four or something like that kind of overlap. Or however you want to, we're 11 to three, overlap with some of your travel time. Catch up on messages, all that kind of stuff. Or potentially split a little bit warning, whatever, but that that you can work out with them. The thing I would say is that there are one of the most eye opening hires that I made was I had a project I needed to get done. This was one of those lucky guy that just got things I don't know what else to say. I had this inspiration to text a friend. She was meeting with coffee with an out of state friend. Her out of state friend was praying for her because a young family she wanted some extra hours and didn't know how to whatever, and just was straight up rock solid like, get it done. Like, just tell me what to please do. And I don't like surprises, just like, getting stuff done. Like, all right, and it was, that was the perfect thing. And so, to your point, hard to believe that people want to do that. There are people in the world who a, they just, they want, you know, maybe they've got some workplace experience or whatever, but they want to work from home, maybe for family, personal reasons, and then straight up, they love organizing stuff, supporting just all the that's what they eat, eat, breathe, Drink, live, for which so

Speaker 1  54:08
I know they exist. It's just how you find what is, where is what it comes down to.

Matthias Miller  54:15
I would encourage you to talk and get you this guy's information. I would encourage you to talk at least

Unknown Speaker  54:22
have a conversation. So who made the table for you?

Matthias Miller  54:25
World War slabs, I guess. Where I get the wood from? Okay, and then I put the legs actually my Okay, one of the other reasons for hiring a personal assistant from around here. She's grown up here. She's like a native, and so she knows people, and she had a retired couple who was looking for a winner project. And so they, they did, they finished the top, and then they delivered. The guy got put the lights on. So I had the I had the frame already. Okay, yeah, raise

Unknown Speaker  55:13
my Hands over.

Speaker 1  56:03
I had started with a company on the western slope. Building started with law firms, and then I kind of switched to barnwood towards the end. And then when my dad got sick, I sold the company. Had got a seller of job just so I could deal with the stress a little bit, spend more time with him before he fast.

Unknown Speaker  56:26
So, yeah, always, anytime I see logs, like

Unknown Speaker  56:31
local stuff,

Unknown Speaker  56:34
can I make a suggestion? Yes,

Speaker 1  56:37
finish the bottom. Spray the bottom. I've seen so many tabletops, and you're, you did the right thing by not putting something across here. But I've seen so many of these soft woods, especially they shrink in Colorado, gotcha. And this, if it's moisture, it absorbs and acronym expands, right? And then when it dries out, it dries out. Yeah, when you seal it off all the way around it eliminate doesn't eliminate it, but it limits it a little

Unknown Speaker  57:08
bit. Limits it good to know

Speaker 1  57:12
that being said, depending how you fasten it, see, it's just fastened. There you could go 20 years and it's never an issue. But it could also decide to crack. I've seen cracks this big down the center of tabletop. Yet from from that, from that, makes sense, anyhow. So

Matthias Miller  57:35
also extracting the stuff from Facebook Messenger, I found something here. It's pretty easy.

Unknown Speaker  57:42
And I don't know how you want to, how you want to, I don't know what's the best way to spend our time here.

Matthias Miller  57:54
But even with that, that is also the kind of thing where so obviously your system would have to have access to Facebook, but it could also be the thing of,

Unknown Speaker  58:07
yeah. So

Speaker 1  58:11
my company is choice buildings, USA, yep. That is what I've been selling in there for a long time, yep, but I've had that domain name for five years or something, because I was wanting to go nationwide, whatever. Yep, I also have, if you look here, I didn't get the logo and stuff finished, but it's actually Rocky Mountain structures. So it's more rocky mountain. It is. We are local. We are here, if not some, whoever. Yeah, whatever, I have a personal Facebook page that is also four or five years old that now is called rocking on the structures. Yup, it used to be Micah sheds or whatever. So even if I wanted to do that, I could do something like that and have that personal page where multiple people can access it, or especially an assistant could access it. Well,

Matthias Miller  59:05
I just straight up let your assistant have access. I mean, if okay again, this is a trust thing. But, yeah, I think I made my two background checkers that tells you so a little bit at least makes you feel a little better. But you you want to hire somebody, and the other thing too, in your three interviews, the client, success person wasn't really happy with me, but I did a gut check. And first two, I don't know why. I just, I don't know gut check did buy number three, and so run the gut check absolutely so

Speaker 1  59:51
I live by the gut. I used not to. I used to be very analytical. And if there was nothing, I made decisions on paper, black and white. This is how you need to do it. And then I found out the guy gave us a gut for a reason, yeah, like, yeah, and the

Matthias Miller  1:00:06
people who could bounce back and forth, those between those, that's superpower, man, pretty much. But I would, I would give your assistant access to your personal account. I mean, so and have you can hand off, creating listings, managing listings, re listing, all that entire process can a lot of that can be handed off as well, if you want to, because in my mind, you have something that's already Working. First, personal listing, personal responses. You're just trying to shorten the response time and be more customer service friendly and not be in the middle of quite everything. And that's that would be an easy to offload. And then if you, if you double down on that where, even if you're not feeling well, like, I mean, like, like you said, if you can add a few more sales a month back in because you're not down, falling through the cracks, whatever you're not spending, I mean, it's not just, not just time, it's you don't you're not spending brain space On, right? Is this stuff happening? Like

Speaker 1  1:01:22
and sometimes I have like, I know there's someone that's interested that could buy this week, but I literally cannot remember what their name is or what platform they're on, or where I'm at, and so I'm basically at their mercy. Okay, when are they going to contact me? Because I have used Raptor. CRM,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:45
high levels of spy.

Speaker 1  1:01:52
And that is nice, like you said, it doesn't work with personal at least I have not been able to make messenger. First, I

Speaker 2  1:02:03
and it used to be, and I haven't done this in years, but during COVID, at least, I had a

Speaker 1  1:02:11
when someone contacted me on an ad. I had a half a dozen questions that they answered before it ever came to me, like it would pop up, right? But it asked them, Where are you located? What are you looking for? And it gave me as multiple questions. They could do a custom match if they wanted to. However, it was a very easy three, three options. What about this?

Matthias Miller  1:02:41
I wonder. Okay, so then, I mean, the other thing you want to look at too with that is probably, so I really don't care where we go with this. I'm a go read like reseller, and so that's an option. The nice, the nice thing that I've seen with something like that is that you can have a shared void number on your phone you have on the computer. Everything's tied together. Your system would be able to access, respond, could field calls for you if you really needed, needed to, and then you also have that history, like, it's all and then, like you said, like, brain fog. I know I talked to somebody last week about this project that's ready, like, go find it and and as long as your systems access to all that information, that just becomes another task on the to do list to get stuff done. So from there, I almost wonder, I don't know how deep you want to go, but alright, there's also the Rocky Mountain brand. Do you have the domain name for that?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:11
I have

Unknown Speaker  1:04:15
a couple of them.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:18
I'm trying to remember where I where I registered, though I no

Speaker 3  1:04:23
Montana shit. Senators got one of them, at least, all right, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:04:28
yes, they do. They have Rocky Mountain structures.com or ya know,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:37
is it Montana shit?

Unknown Speaker  1:04:39
Yeah, well, Utah structures,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:40
you okay? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:04:44
okay. Or it shows no hang on, Utah structures is Brandon's. That's, is that Brandon's brain underneath? Martina said me, I don't know. I don't know that's another,

Speaker 1  1:05:01
I think so I had mine, like Parque y, MTN structure or something like That.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:22
Almost wonder if

Matthias Miller  1:05:41
another really easy side step, and I don't know if you want to go this route would be Choice Building, co Colorado. I

Unknown Speaker  1:06:04
that would be okay. That would be okay to just do a Colorado.

Speaker 1  1:06:08
One thing I still have, and this is I was wanting to do this way back before, like, the only person really doing it was Allen's factory outlet.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:22
So I have Rocky Mountain structures.co, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:27
and I have

Speaker 1  1:06:33
Rocky Mountain structure, co.com, and then Rocky Mountain structures. And right there the three that I actually

Unknown Speaker  1:06:45
structure and then the Iraqi, oh, the empty instructions.

Speaker 1  1:06:49
Yeah, I am a fan of anything close to just Navidad, if you're not panting, but Right, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:06:59
the only champ, the biggest challenge I have with this is that if people miss type, it goes straight to somebody who, well,

Speaker 1  1:07:10
in this case, it would be Utah, but it's not even the same product. Sure, that was the thing I came out now, when people had choice buildings it goes. There's one or two companies in North Carolina, which is the capital of all carports. That's where both Carolina and Eagle are out of. And then there's a lot of stuff Mount Airy North Carolina, which is where Annie Griffith was filmed interesting where both Eagle carports and Carolina carports are. And now one of the women got the business because her husband died. The other one got it through the divorce, but they hired most of the town works for them. They drive their Lamborghini. Applebee's small town that's hilarious. And their friend, their best friend, two of the biggest carport companies in the US, two Mexican women.

Matthias Miller  1:08:17
I mean, it's at that point probably, unless you, I don't know, I don't know what, what about the sales guy? At what point you want to start looking at that, or even thinking about that? Somewhere in there, it's probably gonna make sense to start running Google ads or something like that.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:41
You feel like what I'm doing Google ads is better

Unknown Speaker  1:08:43
for

Unknown Speaker  1:08:47
time, quality of leads,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:53
and that kind of thing. That's my instinct.

Speaker 1  1:08:56
I do. Sometimes get people and say, hey, my dad this. This is always ironic. It's a 40 year old guy, my dad found me on Facebook. I don't have Facebook, and that happened, that happens about every other month, or something. Where that happened? Yeah, and I finally asked one of them. I said, Okay, you're not on Facebook. How could I reach you? Were you, you know, more to find me? And he was like, Well, if he had been on Google, I would have found you. Yeah, and it was his dad, had a friend that he worked with, or something, that had bought a building from me, and it was through Indiana. So, so that has happened a few times, where my dad found you, sent it to me, and I don't know the markets,

Matthias Miller  1:09:37
like here in Colorado, but from back east, one of the things I've seen, too, or from what I've heard, I've heard that metal, metal traffic on Google is pretty cheap. And based on the everything

Speaker 1  1:09:49
is cheap compared to shed. Sheds are and what I don't get it what I don't get? Okay, there is so much competition in sheds, and you are competing to sell sheds, and your average is, well, back then was three or $4,000 now prices have gone up so much, but it was like you can put the same amount of work into something else. Go work for Julian. He wants a good salesman, and you're selling $50,000 buildings in your kid payday commission. You're putting in the same amount of work. You make a few less sales, but you're working with two customers instead of 20 customers, exactly. And the cheaper the customer, the more un handy they are, yeah,

Speaker 3  1:10:47
yeah, yeah. Does it give you each need?

Speaker 1  1:10:50
I think so. You gave me. You gave me something to Yeah, I didn't look at did you send me anything? My notification turned on. My computer died. My computer died.

Matthias Miller  1:11:01
I will send this if you want help. On the chat GPT side, I could, I mean, I think, I think, pretty much, I don't know for sure, probably be able to just download it and upload it back and download it off of Facebook and upload it to chat GPT and start asking questions. But on the Facebook Messenger site. I'll send you a link on on how to download it. Okay?

Speaker 1  1:11:29
Is it pretty easy to just incorporate it, let it go through the messages.

Speaker 3  1:11:34
And why not to keep I don't, I don't know about that.

Speaker 1  1:11:40
I would love for it to do is all the messages that I haven't responded to to just respond, like, even if it's, are you still interested in the building, or whatever, go back two years,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:51
see, and That's the thing. Like,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:01
let's see, I don't know

Unknown Speaker  1:12:06
personal Facebook Messenger.

Matthias Miller  1:12:14
See, I just, I just don't think with personal I don't think my personal messenger, they let you play.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:30
Yeah, it doesn't really,

Matthias Miller  1:12:32
they just don't really let you integrate.

Speaker 1  1:12:35
People are using it for every like health groups and stuff like that with Lyme and just a few different things. And there's so many people, well, I asked chat that, you know, I just asked GPD, that is just and they, quite honestly, the answers a lot of times are very informative, because I guess they taking all the

Unknown Speaker  1:13:03
information online

Unknown Speaker  1:13:06
and use that. It's crazy.

Matthias Miller  1:13:09
And it's like SEO is shifting to SEO is now shifting to how to how to rank and chat GBT, which is

Speaker 3  1:13:17
like things are going to change in the next five to 10 years. A lot, five years and I don't have the mental

Speaker 1  1:13:23
I would have loved that 1015, years ago. Yeah, absolutely.

Matthias Miller  1:13:27
I would have been 18 years old in in minutes. Yeah, loving that for me. But man,

Speaker 1  1:13:32
all but now I just need stuff to work. I use the same phone for three years as long as it keeps Working like I don't, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:57
where are the Bucha?

Matthias Miller  1:14:02
So? This is which one the old one. So these are, I don't know where my wife just got these to decorate my office. Oh, okay, they're, I don't know, just old books. I grew

Speaker 1  1:14:12
up reading books from the early 1900s and late 1800s up to the mid 1900s so I actually have a set, see stuff like that. It's like, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:14:23
I have a set of. There's this Australian preacher, FW boring that Robbie Zacharias used to quote. They have like, a set of, like, probably about a dozen in his books, and they're all like, that stuff. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:37
there's, there's that,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:40
if you're a reader, if not,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:44
I'm not offended.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:49
Parable of the power of collaboration and business.

Speaker 1  1:14:53
I love reading. I do mostly on Audible. Now I haven't

Speaker 3  1:14:59
done this as an audio book. It was one of those things that I was like, I should probably do that someday, someday, still hasn't Shut up. I

Unknown Speaker  1:16:40
I feel like I'm not a good at delegating, and that makes a terrible leader.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:50
What's the challenge? Do you think

Unknown Speaker  1:16:58
good question?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:02
Part of it is

Unknown Speaker  1:17:05
kind of what I mentioned before. I feel like

Speaker 2  1:17:10
I have never had someone work for me that I felt was this

Speaker 1  1:17:16
is going to sound arrogant and all that, but in a way, as smart enough to do what I needed done in the timeline that needed done, yep, like when I was building furniture, I had a friend work for me,

Unknown Speaker  1:17:32
and he did very good work,

Speaker 1  1:17:35
but I was paying him commission and he was complaining and he wasn't making enough, but it was taking him forever to get it done. And then one day, his backs against the wall, he has to do some all of a sudden, he figured out that he can build stuff just as fast as I can. And then he started making money. Well, by that time, we were both burned out. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:17:59
So there's some of that. There's also part of it. I have viewed, and I may have been and

Speaker 1  1:18:08
may not have been fair to them, but I kind of viewed them as they do the book, work and stuff. But I didn't see them as a salesperson. I didn't see I didn't have confidence in them, that they would talk to a community of a customer in a way that would give customer

Unknown Speaker  1:18:28
confidence

Speaker 1  1:18:31
right? Because you have to be confident in what you're doing, even if you don't know, you can still be given. You can still give the customer confidence right, while you figure stuff out, or telling me how you back you whatever like there's so many ways of doing them that you have to do that. And so some people are good at just doing books and phone stuff like that, but they're not good at that part of it, right? Are you

Matthias Miller  1:18:54
familiar with disc or Colby at all? So I mean, this is fundamentally, here's the other. I think the other challenge that happens is that it can be really hard to when you're small, when you're just starting out. You have to find the right fit. Who can wear the right hats. And that's not everybody. So the basic idea of the disc is, is you have high energy. Um, extroverted, you have lower energy, slash introverted, and then you have task and social or interpersonal or interpersonal. So these are your like, your influencers and your kind of, I mean, these are your joy ins of the world. Then you've got, like, you got in your task and high, high energy. And I don't know who all we put in, like, this is your Ireland's of the world, etc, but this is all like, like, task, push forward, compete, win. Move, fast, task, task, flow, energy. These are like, your bookkeepers, dot the i's, cross the T's, then you've got the the these lower energy social which is like your your supporters, customer service, sometimes more of your strategic thinkers end up kind of in this space too. And so your bookkeeper, okay? Like, like, protruding confidence. Like, you're gonna have people up in this spectrum right here. They they can be blowing smoke, and they're gonna look confident doing right. And like these guys, they want it right. Like, this is all about, you know, is it right? Do we have perfection, whatever like, and so part of the issue there is wearing different hats, so and knowing what it is you're looking for, like the gal I talked about earlier that the first hire excellent, excellent bookkeeper. She hated scheduling, working too much like, there was too many variables in scheduling, like, and it wasn't rinse and repeat enough, but we have all kinds of tasks that, like, every month we gotta have this happen. We gotta this, this happen, and can't get missed whatever. And in all the years of doing whatever invoicing she was able to do while bookkeeping, like, I think about five years, there was maybe only one time every guy you were close to a heart attack. And I mean, that was more like a swallow heart, like what happened, but like, everything was eyes dotted, T's crossed. So that's a useful thing, looking at people. Then there's also the other the other angle too, which is the Colby, is that they were also looking at helping take action. So there's, there's information, and there's, there's bottom line, and then there's detail, there's organization and structure. And so this is is small categories, keep it in plain sight. And then here on the other end, it's like in depth categorization you have how people deal with risk. So most a lot of sales people end up on this on this spectrum, sales people, entrepreneurs, business owners, whatever risk futuristic you And then there's the risk immersion, we fix problems by making sure they never happen. And then you have dealing with tangibles, so this is all in my head I can visualize it in here i. gotta touch I gotta touch it, build it. And so having a good bookkeeper typically, and even a good assistant typically, is going to be, I mean, it's going to vary. It's going to vary. They're going to typically kind of be in this that's going to be their basic profile. And business owners are often somewhere in here. And, you know, it varies, and this might vary quite a bit, but generally they're on this end of tend to be on this end of the information organization. So just from in terms of the one thing you do have to be careful of is that you don't delegate things to somebody and they have to wear two hats that they can't wear.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:57
Some of it for me,

Speaker 1  1:24:07
I have always been like I was. I started building sheds when I was right out

Unknown Speaker  1:24:12
of eighth grade. So 15,

Speaker 1  1:24:15
yeah, when I was younger, it was kind of Yeah. I went to work because I had to, but I still enjoyed it. But it didn't take long where I was taking incentive on my own, not because I needed to. My dad and I went to pallet shop. My dad was thinking about buying the buying the pallet shop, so I was all in and, I mean, I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:24:38
1617, years old,

Speaker 1  1:24:41
and I'm the head guy there, basically, like, I can run every machine in the place. I'm the guy that won't call on like I am there. And there's guys over there for 10 years, and just like my motivation was there, high energy, go, go, go. I love what I did, boringest job in the world, but I love the people, and I just had fun. I was Go, go. And so for me, that's what I'm dealing with, but then, or that's where I'm like, that's how I visualize stuff. And this is when I was younger, when I had a lot of energy, and then I have someone working for me, and I explained it to them, and I'm expecting them that, okay, we're going to do this. Well, let's go, yeah. Well now looking back, I'm wondering if maybe they didn't really understand, maybe it took them longer to get there. They just their heart wasn't in it for whatever reason. Yeah, and I did not give them the training that they needed, and I did not, essentially, I didn't give them the tool that they needed to succeed, right, which is most likely, and that's another part of it, is like, okay, finding the right person. But then also, and this is with my health issues, and if my health is bad for a little long, little length of time, cash flow can get tighter. So combine everything. I don't want to hire the right person and not be able to give them the tools for the job right. I also don't like living under fear, but like, I need the right person so that we can both win, but I also need to be able to give them what they need to succeed, right? And those are the things that have been holding me back. Yeah, because I can go on, indeed, I can put an ad on Facebook, I can do different things to get things, and I may be able to find the right person, maybe not, but the thought of going through everything and it not working out would be just like overwhelming. I stretched myself and all this time and energy, not even counting money, just time and energy, and here I'm back where I was. It's even worse, and if I hadn't tried, right? You know? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:26:47
but there's something else in play. It's the curse of being intelligent. I mean, like, again, this is a little bit of an anecdotal story, but I have these conversations with my assistant, and she's like, I always know, like, you have quietly thought through three steps. You jump smack dab in the middle, and you give me this little picture of the big picture, and I have to ask you to take a step back and, like, explain the landscape.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:17
Your assistant tells you that okay. And

Matthias Miller  1:27:20
this is, I mean, I try to compensate for it, well, when I think about it, but most of the time I die like and so, because you

Speaker 1  1:27:28
might have been thinking about it for days, and she didn't even know you, even know anything was going on. Exactly,

Matthias Miller  1:27:32
yeah, and, or, like, even in the middle of the conversation she's talking, I'm like, well, there's this. And I'm like, right, reassembling these pieces, which I that's what happens for you as well. And so doing

Speaker 1  1:27:41
it when we were talking, yeah, I stopped the middle of the sentence and went to something

Matthias Miller  1:27:46
else. And so some of that is, is then finding, finding the person who can kind of extract that slow things down. Maybe you will never be good at training people, but if you can find that person who understands process, can can bring things down. I mean, like literally being at tables, extract stuff from Facebook Messenger and yeah, I mean, if, like, like, you probably hire somebody and have them figure out how to do that, and just ask, ask chat GPT questions, like, what is the process? What are the questions that we ask? Okay, I have this thing. Like, can you find any conversations of we had this, this much snow, snow load, like, what was the name of the customer? And then you can go look up that customer and Facebook Messenger, or, can you give me the history of the context? Or just straight up basket like, okay, the customer is wondering this, and then please substantiate what you're what you're saying. Like, can you take me back to the original site? No, you're not hallucinating. And, and so you kind of have, all you're doing is you're extracting all your Facebook messages, putting that into the GPT, and then just, I mean, then, then they go to it for, like, your assistant can do that. Your assistant can ask GPT questions about, like, okay, like, how do we turn this into a processor system? Your system can read through that stuff, put it together, and then, and then, that's where your system can for final sign off, if there's stuff that's kind of, if your question will, like, run it past you, just to kind of, and then you're just rubber standard.

Speaker 1  1:29:19
Hopefully most, how do I find someone, though that's familiar with GPT or whatever, like to get

Matthias Miller  1:29:27
talked to? Well, yeah, talk to Tim the creative assistant, asking that question, and see if that's it's either that or, like, honestly, spending an hour some time. I think, I mean, I think, I think in what I would do if you have your assistant in probably 3030, minutes to an hour at most, we do a recorded zoom call and walk through how to set up the GPT, how to update it once you know periodically if you want fresh messages in there, and run through some scenarios of different types of questions. Probably might be, yeah, it's something like, okay, and then that's and then

Speaker 1  1:30:11
once again. So I'm a I'm from the hills of Tennessee. We saw the trade, and do everything. We never buy new if there's something used to be traded or something. So I use marketplace a ton for myself. Yeah. So how does that look that's using it for that have someone else access, but then I'm in there, would I just have two personal pages somehow or, like, how would that I would literally

Matthias Miller  1:30:36
share if you could, and then have a system so and then just communicate expectations. So if there's something you need to look at it, please leave it unread in Messenger, and you can pile on whatever expectations you want on on the assistant and and they'll see after that. And then also, I just want to, I'm going to be in there. And so every day, go catch up on all the threads from the last you know, since last time you ran, you just get caught up on where things are at and, and, I mean, I mean, the other option I have, I mean, you can't get away from, I don't think you want to get away from, you both having access to The same,

Speaker 1  1:31:27
oh, we have to like, yeah. But my thought was, and I'm not sure what it's where it's at, because now, after two years of doing this, my face is literally the face of what I do. I mean, they know me more than they know my company. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:49
That being said, I do have, I

Speaker 1  1:32:02
mean, obviously I Have my choice, building USA page, but I have, I

Speaker 1  1:32:35
so I actually have this personal page that is the Rocky Mountain structures, and that is a personal so I could start advertising under that, and that could be available to whoever is working or whatever, and I could just my personal stuff right now. I finish up in there, I go back through there, and then any past they can contact me through that. We start over with this, essentially, but and we'll move on. What's

Unknown Speaker  1:33:08
the advantage? It's a company, brand, right? What do you need? The advantage of using the other pick?

Unknown Speaker  1:33:23
Okay, in my mind it is, Well, for one thing, I have four K's.

Speaker 1  1:33:32
I have had customers show up at my house. I'm never there, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:39
So

Speaker 1  1:33:41
that doesn't make me feel great, right? For I mean, I'll be honest, most of my customers are incredible, like, but there have been a few weird ones that I don't trust. It just takes one weird one, yeah, and where we live, like we're not in town, where people are there, like we're on 40 acres there, you know, where auto salvages and Penrose there, like, on 50s on the south side of the highway there. That's where we live right now. We're trying to get that ready to sell and then, but then we also have the new place is actually gated. It's the south of forest, okay, so that makes me feel a little better. That being said, I'm probably going to have an office down there, so people are still going to be coming in there right in a lot of ways. And here's something else I would rather. I would rather build my company name rather than build my name right?

Unknown Speaker  1:34:42
If I would,

Speaker 1  1:34:44
speaking of Julian, he wants to buy the business, and I have no problem solving up to him if the price is right. However, I don't know what in the world I would ever do. I love doing what I do right? And so what would I do? I would just have to do something similar. And that's what I told him. I'm like, no matter how much you pay me, you're basically going to have to make me retire right now. Like, that's what you have to pay me. Because I don't know what to do. What is I

Matthias Miller  1:35:10
don't mean this, like, don't think it's wrong. But what is he buying?

Speaker 1  1:35:19
Customer base relationship with the company that I work with? Because if he goes to the company I work with down there, they're going to tell them they don't want dealers, right? Because they know how complicated Colorado is, and while they support me, like I've sold since I started going full time in just over two years. I mean, I think we're pushing $4 million in sales, and that's with all my health issues and everything going on. And so we have a good working relationship there, and if someone calls them from here, they tell them, No, they're not gonna they're not taking dealers from here, because they know it's so much more complicated than people think. Yeah, so I don't know. I mean, what do you find with Walmart? They just resell stuff too, you know. So it's all that that conversation has been going on since the beginning of time, and I see both sides of it. He loves sales. He loves numbers, yeah, and for him to see what I have and to see that, you know, see my posts on social media, he loves that, like he just wants to step in and do things that he wants to. Let's see what kind of numbers we can put out. Not even about the money. He just wanted to say, okay, you know, this guy doesn't want to buy from me. Let me see. I bet I can change his mind. He sees everything.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:39
It's challenging, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:36:43
And probably because I have it, you know, I mean, I talked to him. I was at the Ford dealership this morning because they sent me a letter go see what they had to say. I'm not lying right now, but I just I went down and talked to him, and then I left there and to call them, and we talked, but it just fetched thrill of the chase. Crazy thing is, he was in the same grade as my brother in Tennessee back in

Matthias Miller  1:37:09
the day. That's crazy. That's hilarious. That's hilarious. I mean, if you're wanting to build a company brand, though, in my mind, why wouldn't you?

Speaker 1  1:37:19
Oh, what I meant, I'm glad if I can go and say, yes, if I could build this up and I would have sales people to where I am mainly managing, then the company is worth something, right? Yes, which, for me, that's retirement. Yes, Blake gets old enough for one of my daughters get old enough they step in to manage it. That's retirement. What if I hire your son or whatever like to do it? That's my retire. That's how I always looked at let's build this up so that once I'm 60 years old, yeah, I don't have to be there every day if there's an emergency, they can call me. But right now, I could be in Phoenix on a golf course if I want to not spending a bunch of money, right? But so, so that's why I want to build a business name on the other side, depending what it gets into, we never know what the world turns into depending what kind of business, with the right Assistant, the right person, we can go nationwide in a year's time and be doing $20 million in business, if you have something like that, where you have people that are doing that stuff that's worth something to an investor, Right? Yes, I don't want that under Michael hostile, right?

Matthias Miller  1:38:31
So, so, but let's talk sequencing. Sequence A is, get your get your assisted, dial in. That's not going to happen in less than three, three months, maybe six, at the point that you start doing, looking at brand building. Then, okay, so, so, big strategic question is, if you really want to go nationwide, do you really actually want to go nationwide, or do you

Speaker 1  1:38:53
want to build I don't, right now, okay, and that's why I did Rocky Mountain structures, because Rocky Mountain structures is always be local, and all have the local hands on, like, that's what Rocky Mountain structures are going to be, Orchard wherever we go, right? If I go nationwide, it's going to be a different name, different different name, different people. Yes, everything is going to be something totally

Matthias Miller  1:39:14
different. Alright, so that's that's where it was so, so then building Rocky Mountain, I think where that makes sense. So simple way to do that is, is push Rocky Mountain like even in your posts, having a picture of you with Rocky Mountain structures, putting Rocky Mountain structures in the descriptions. I

Speaker 1  1:39:33
need to just do, like a copyright on the pictures, rocking mountain structures with the website, or something like I needed to do that. I used to do that in Mississippi. By the time it's just here, I haven't had the mental energy to deal

Matthias Miller  1:39:42
with it. Well, again, that's a great thing for your system. Make sure that every listing has this stuff in there right. And you'll have to think about it, but I would do it go that route, and then at the point that you're ready to scale up, I mean, I mean, and I don't know when you want to do this, I mean, you don't have capacity for more leads right now, is the problem. But at whatever point you want to do that, start, start a Google ad campaign where you're bringing in those things and get that process dialed in that's going to come on under the name, under the Rocky Mountain structures name, and that's where you start. And then your website is locally owned. You've this much experience like you're you're the you're still kind of the face but, but it's all under the umbrella of the company. And Google ads, seems to me like people. And here's my opinion. I know there's this resistance to building a personal brand, because it's not reusable, it's not a thing, but it's, I think it's really working for in your favor on the marketplace side. So if you can push that, I would, this is my personal opinion, but I would push the personal brand on the Facebook marketplace side to get you whatever runway you need and however long you need. And maybe it continues for a while too, because that that is a lead source that is working, and people expect to buy from real people, right? And you have trust and credibility, and you're a likable person, and people can see it in the in the photo, people can see whatever like all that stuff follows, so that keep this traffic source at whatever point you're ready to bring in more leads. That's when probably Google is where I would start. But, but build out a Google campaign that's going to the website, build out the website, build out credibility on the website, locally owned, all this stuff, everything that you do to sell yourself, and that's where you can start. Then, you know, taking something along to start training, and those leads can then get divvied

Speaker 1  1:41:49
up. Yeah, that makes sense. My big thing is, though I am not sure I don't have anything to hide on the personal side of it, but I've also seen what people can do with your page. So if you don't have the right person,

Matthias Miller  1:42:05
do you have? Is a good point jumping back to that. Is there a way, because this

Speaker 1  1:42:11
is a verified account for me, which brings security to me and my customers, right? And I know exactly what, and I wonder already if people don't contact me, because even though my security is up, where they really can't see much, and I don't post much stuff. I post some stories, but I don't post much else. Yeah, but I wondered if people, because they can see my face, it is verified, they know I am in Colorado, if that doesn't give them confidence over, you know, Rocky Mountain structures or whatever, they don't know what, who? Nothing you

Matthias Miller  1:42:51
know you have a lot of you have. I mean, it shows how many friends you have. It shows you're well connected. It's an established account, like you said, it's verified. How do you know how those people found you, though, who? Okay, like, if I do a business name, I can go up on Secretary of State, and I can look up addresses, that I can stop people all day long,

Speaker 1  1:43:11
so the one person in particular. So I worked with him for months and after, and then he didn't. He ordered the building in December, but he didn't want it until April or something. As a little less, takes a little bit to get the permit stuff in. But I wasn't a big rush. One weekend, he couldn't sleep, and he was stressing out. And I think it's a lot of it is his wife, because I'll get to I'll get to that later. He sent me a text at 4am on Sunday morning. That was this long, and it was like, well, he still didn't get an updated invoice about this. And the thing I didn't send him an updated invoice because I knew he was going to change his mind, is after he ordered the building, I knew he was going to change his mind on color five more times before he's done. Yeah, and so I had told him, when we schedule the building, that's when I need to know. So your play with the Lydd builder, all you want. When it comes your pad done, we have the permit, then we're going to say, Okay, this is exactly what you want. That's when I need the final drawing. I don't need anything else updated at that point. Our vege builder was not accurate on price, but we had the price nailed down. He just wanted to figure out where he puts the doors and the colors and stuff like that, and he sent that to me. So I wake up at seven, 730 Sunday morning, and I roll over and I see my phone and I see a text. I just like, look at it. It ruined my whole day. Like, just the way he kind of is his tone that I proceed from it. I went to church, and then later in the day, I opened up my email, and here he had a long email. Same thing. I'm like, this is the weekend. It's early in the morning. You've got to be kidding me. Yeah. And in one of them, he had said, get back to me today or tomorrow. That's my day. Well, I'm gonna wait till tomorrow, because if I do it right now, it's gonna escalate, right? I'm upset, and he's already obviously not having a great weekend, so if I call or text or anything now, it's gonna escalate and it's gonna go badly. Yeah, I'm not gonna do this and let it go. Well, Monday morning hits, and it is Monday morning. People call and text and everything and about and I was in the springs that day, and about lunchtime, my wife called say, hey, what was the guy's name that texted you yesterday? I said, Theo, he's here. I'm like, what he's like, yeah, he's got these beady eyes. He came up like, you must be Kim. And he almost refused to say who he was like he was just all white, but he had convinced himself a month after he placed the order, while I was still interacting with him, but at 4am in the morning, he had convinced himself that I had taken his $5,000 or $4,000 and I was going to scam him. And because of that, through everything, I should have probably texted him and said, Hey, I had a busy day, right? I'll get back to you tomorrow, looking back, right. Just do something like that. Probably should have been, would have been the thing, right? But I was pissed off so, and at that point I was and he had signed a contract, and the contract it said, and this is something I always go over with customers, if you cancel, I'll give you a credit, but you're not getting your deposit back. Yeah, I'm not Walmart, where you can try it on for size and come back like I want. I will answer all the questions. You could take two years to figure out what you want to do, but once you decide you want to do it, then let's do it. And through the whole thing. And then he started and so I called him up. I was like, Dude, I said, you show up again on her. Now it's not calling cops. I'm like, this is not, this is private but one thing from the time you get off 50, it's a private road. It's not a public access road, it's a private room, and his wife had a speakerphone. And his wife, I found you, I'm very good at finding people, and I on and on this, that and like, and I was like, you know, I said, you may not. Oh, he said, You haven't even started the permit yet, and I had sent it to Nate. Now he was doing it for me, but he hadn't started yet. But we weren't in the time current, like we weren't there yet. We were getting close where we needed to get it done. But it wasn't like and I said, Theo, we're going to have the building ready by the middle of April, or whatever, but, and I said, you may not see it this way, but I said, from my side of it, I had done everything I've committed to do. Yeah. He said, Oh no, you did. He told me straight up, you did. And I said, I'll be honest, I've already spent more time with you than I do with 10 normal customer. Oh, that doesn't surprise me. That's who I am. You. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:48:13
my point with that. So here, here's what I would do when you move. Well, okay, here's the hard thing, though, you pull a permit, attribute location. It's public record. It's you can Google that you know, like, so there's very little. It's really hard to

Speaker 1  1:48:33
well, there is one thing up there when it's working, and it's not a high security but you need a code to get into that place. So most of the time, someone's going to need a code from me, and I'm going to have to know they're coming. Now, the building I'm planning to build is going to be my office. And if someone in the area wants to come look at a building, I'll show them that building. Yep, in that case, I'll probably try to go out and meet them at the gate. But if I ever give someone the code, they're going to have the code for later. Or, you know, it's not high security, but it is something to it, and I think people might respect that more than being right out on 50 but Right. The other thing is, though, there where I'm planning to put the shop, our property has almost a mile of road from the back is straight, but the front of the property that comes out and goes in skiing and it comes out again like that, yeah. So I'm planning to have the shop here, and the house is going to be in the trees over here, yeah, so it's not going to be right there, yeah, so someone could come to my shop and not even see nowhere I live. Yeah, right. So I'm hoping that works out, but depending how it goes, I may just have to have an office in Penrose or Florence or something like that. He's suck it up and do it, but ideally with the me, you know, pop work and everything here, they don't have to be local. They don't We don't have to come together, right? But there is an accountability thing that comes with working together, right?

Matthias Miller  1:50:05
And what, one of the accountability pieces too, is just systems, so very simple every day, tell me, what did you work on? Where'd you get stuck? Where do you need my help? See,

Speaker 1  1:50:19
I hate how you got home. Micromanage, though. I mean, I call micromanage, but I am the worst at like, if I asked you, this is what I want done today. I'm not going to check in during the day to make sure you get it done. And so when I come home and you didn't do it, I'm upset. Well, at that point I want to talk, okay, well, okay, but you That's my problem, you know, is so somehow I have to set up expectations and a way to work through it.

Matthias Miller  1:50:47
I don't know, but, but you can, but you can set those expectations up front so you can say, this is how I operate. I'm gonna tell you what to do and I expect to be done, and I'm not gonna check in. If it's not done, I'm gonna be bothered like that's a problem, and there's a very simple solution. If I tell you to do something today, it doesn't get done, just tell me it didn't get done and why it didn't get done and what you need to get done, right? And so once again, set, I would just set the expectation in front. This is how I work, yeah. And then the worst part of it is the unmet expectation, where they're like, Oh, I'm just making decisions best I know how this is how to like, No, when I delegated into you, it was the expectation it would get done by this time, right? And so clarifying that relationship

Speaker 1  1:51:41
probably, and I'm very easygoing if, if it does, if something comes up, you can't get it done, then just tell me, right? Just communicate. But if I'm expecting you, you know we have to have trouble. West, you have a deadline for the Permian. I need to get this in. And if we missed the Tuesday night deadline, we lost two weeks, right? So if you're not going to get if I am expecting you, to have it in by Tuesday noon to make sure, and then I find out Tuesday evening is not done. This has happened? Well, now I'm going home eating sucker and then I'm working until 10 o'clock to get those in, right? And there's stuff like that that just drive me insane. It's like all you have to do is communicate, like, it's quick text, right? Hey, yes, I have a lot of interruptions. I have a lot of stuff going on I'm not going to done, or just tell me, yep, yep. But I am not someone who's going to check in and say, I mean, I'll, I'll check in and say, Hey, how's it going, right? But I'm not going to be out. Oh, did you get this and did you do that? Didn't you do I just expect you don't tell me to do it. You do it. Yeah, yeah. And, yeah. But but gave me a lot to think about. I always kept going back and forth on the assistant thing. Do I want? Do I need an assistant, or do I need a salesman first? If I have the salesman, I will have the nice thing about the salesman is, I'm not gonna lie, if I'm paying the salesman, he's also making me money, right? That is the part that looks very attractive. And if he's making me money and doing stuff I don't have, I can spend more time doing some other stuff to catch

Speaker 3  1:53:28
up on the back. My counterpoint to this is that you don't even

Unknown Speaker  1:53:31
but I'm doing the stuff I don't want to do,

Matthias Miller  1:53:34
and and the Assistant, you're not paying them, you're not paying them to make money, but you're paying them to do all the stuff that isn't making you money. Right? So I don't know if this is, this is the I love you, but conversation, I've seen too many people, okay, well, you can put names to this. Nobody sells a yogurt unless you really, really, really are a bad salesperson. But you're not. There's no you're okay. So, so trying to hand off symbols too quickly, I don't know. Like, think of it like this. Everybody likes a business and operates independently themselves. Everybody likes the idea of passive income. I tend to be at the persuasion that there is nothing like passive income. There's there's minutes that are worth 10 or 100 or a million or how many dollars, but nothing's truly passive. And so sometimes, I don't know. Sometimes we fall into the trap of saying we really want this business to be an asset, and I respect the goal, and you should, and maybe that needs to happen sooner rather than later, but, but if you can, if you can take 10 hours a week off your week, and still be netting just as much more like not

Speaker 1  1:55:15
counting drive time, like book work time, phone stuff like that. I'm gonna be honest, I probably don't spend more than 10 to 15 hours a week right now, if I, if I, if I could feel like I did yesterday and day, I could more than triple my income just by myself, because I am not spending much time here. I am very good at talking to a few people and knowing which ones are they're serious. There's a lot of others that might be serious that I don't even get Yeah, and there are some serious ones that get pushed away because I'm on certain one. So there's one tomorrow, like there's all the ones I didn't answer there. I mostly was talking to three or four different people. One of them bought yesterday. I made 3800 bucks. The one I'm meeting with tomorrow, I think there's at least a 90% chance he will write a check and that's over seven grand. Yep. Well, those two I brought in 10 grand this week. Yep. But there's also a lot in here that I'm missing because my gut or my radar or whatever, didn't, they didn't get there fast enough for maybe they were busy, and I didn't get the right vibe. And I never intentionally don't answer, but it don't follow up, sure. So having someone to go through there, having someone spend five hours a week going through there and finding hot leads could easily triple me and triple myself like literally one person five to 10 hours a week going through my messages, replying to stuff, talking to them. And the other thing is, I will take from five from six in the evening to 10 o'clock in the evening, over nine to five every day of the week. This type of thing, right? You will make more sales from six to 10pm than you will a nine to five every single day, yep. So what I keep wanting is someone has a job. Let's do something on the side. Yep, I never considered giving them access to my messenger, which I don't know why they couldn't. I don't want like I need. I have to be able to trust them, though, like, I need to know they're not going to go into my personal Facebook page, right? Because I have a lot of connections there. But I'm big in like, the bird dog, English Cockers, stuff like that. Like, I have a bunch of dogs and trying to get into trialing and work up online stuff like that. Also some of the collectible pages, just I've made friends over the years, so I don't need anyone on my page doing stupid stuff. Yeah, for real, yeah, you know, right? I'm more worried about that than anything else. But

Matthias Miller  1:58:19
if you have a sales guy, you know, like, well, I guess I don't know, here's where we're back at the dance marketplace is working? Well, you let them build their own personal brand and put on their own listings. It's under their name, and it's but it's lightweight, or we were back to the paid advertising route where it's like, I

Speaker 1  1:58:39
kind of thought we would either go with the Rocky Mountain structures personal page, or the choice buildings, or just do just go back to that, and it's just going to cost me more to advertise, but just maybe I want to make it happen. One thing with that is I do feel like the residual like, Okay, if I have a business page for some people, my personal page or a four box gives them confidence. But for other people, they like to know they're working with the company so they can see choice billings USA. Oh, they are, you know, rated with the Better Business Bureau. They are registered, they are licensed, they are all they can get all that information. And so some people do like that part of it. I do feel like people like to be able to, I like to like if I want, if I'm interested in your business, I'm not going to spend a lot of time on Mark, on Messenger. I want to be able to go on your page. Got back. I've been talking with him for weeks, and he's like, yeah, he's trying to sell him this car. He doesn't want to, like, he doesn't want to rent town. He doesn't want any of this. He saw this and that. Well today I saw he had on one of the metal pages say, Hey, I'm looking for quotes for this building in Colorado. And I just commented on that. Well, you know, where to find me in a do, like, the wiki thing, texting privately. I was like, Hey, you can buy whoever you want to put it, you know, as a reason you don't want to deal with me like it's some give me bad feedback if you don't like me. No, just tell me. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  2:00:29
it's hilarious. Well,

Matthias Miller  2:00:36
it's, I mean, it's pretty obvious from your from your messenger threads, which ones need to be followed up and which ones don't, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:00:45
but who do you trust to go on there and just stick to that? And I get into personal stuff. Like, I have some pretty personal stuff that I sent you, right? Not to mention Richard Miller asked me, mostly WhatsApp and text and stuff now too, right? But there are a few things like that. And who knows, you go farther back, there might be other stuff that I sent people that I don't necessarily want.

Unknown Speaker  2:01:06
Yeah, you know, and that is

Matthias Miller  2:01:07
where you come up, come to switching, switching over. I think

Speaker 1  2:01:13
I I'm more comfortable finding someone or finding a way to do it. You go through, yeah, personal page. And if I remember right, Jeremy Martin does some through his stuff. But I think he also has a Jeremy sheds, or something like that, that he does a lot of stuff through

Matthias Miller  2:01:29
that makes sense. I think something like that can make sense. No, I get where you're coming from. Well, okay, so and

Speaker 1  2:01:37
maybe advertise. I'm gonna be honest with you, I'm not worried about you. If I gave you these, I can handle that, and they may not be as efficient, I may not be as up to date with that, but I'm confident that I can figure out I can find these for someone. If I can find the right person,

Speaker 1  2:02:01
the assistant would be nice to have, because once I have an assistant that knows 50% of what she's doing, I can hire a

Unknown Speaker  2:02:11
salesman and she can help both, right?

Speaker 1  2:02:16
Here's the other part of it, though, what if I do that where someone works 20 hours a week and she's very happy, yeah, but now all of a sudden, I have three salesmen working, and I need someone full time.

Matthias Miller  2:02:26
So you do one of two things. One, you hire for somebody who wants to eventually expand. Eventually expand the 40 or two, you go hire that person in the system, and she gets her own assistant gotcha, and then she pushes stuff down so and she stays, like, nice. I mean, it's all work flowing downhill, because

Speaker 1  2:02:48
in my mind, I was like, when I retrain someone else, like,

Matthias Miller  2:02:52
at that point, she's like, I'm overworked. Okay, great. Your job is, what's the low hanging fruit that you can hand up and go

Unknown Speaker  2:02:59
into the Okay, yeah, that's correct. Yep. I

Unknown Speaker  2:03:11
how soon would you take a sales guy?

Unknown Speaker  2:03:14
A sales guy, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:03:18
provided my health is roughly decent as a sales guy, I would take today, because it's mostly

Unknown Speaker  2:03:26
commission based, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:03:36
I would have to know that. Like the person, the guy is passionate and he's, you know, like, I have to be confident in the guy. But yeah, for sure,

Speaker 3  2:03:54
if I, if I've asked you to write a check for 20 grand for somebody that can that is practically guaranteed to show up and close, not

Speaker 1  2:04:03
gonna happen right now, couple months. Yeah, if I know what's coming up. Yeah, because I actually was I, my goal was to cash off a truck between 20 and 30,000 about right now. Yeah. And then I had a big job, $17,000 commission. I normally don't refund it, but with what's going on with the permit and stuff there, I can't conscientiously just keep it, yeah. And so that needs to go back to them. And then, with my health, it kind of between the two of them just kind of screw

Speaker 1  2:04:42
everything well. So this guy, like, he would charge like 20,000 and here's your guy, pretty What if the guy doesn't work out?

Speaker 3  2:04:50
I don't know. It's pretty unlikely. I talked to him. I can ask him, yeah.

Speaker 1  2:05:06
I mean, if there is something that I know I'm going to have a guy that's going to sell one and a half million or 1 million or one and a half million, whatever, maybe more

Matthias Miller  2:05:15
than that. I mean, at that caliber, I'm going to, I mean, I'll

Speaker 1  2:05:20
come up with money if I know that. I mean, I probably would want to wait a couple months, just because right now it's still hit or miss. One day I can't keep up with stuff, and the next day I can't give a shit away. But give it another six weeks, and we should be full swing, pretty much full swing, from them

Speaker 1  2:05:48
through, he says, but like with something like that, okay, here's 20 grand. I need the salesman. Is this a guy with a lot of experience, he just needs information with this? Or is it going to be six months, yeah, before he really makes me well,

Matthias Miller  2:06:02
this is a sales guy who's been in sales and has a track record. Yeah, so, but there may be, and see, here's where I'm not completely sure if this approach is the right way to go, because it is, it is local, and I know he typically recruits remote sales people, and so your talent pool ends up being a lot smaller. So I don't, I don't know what he was, what he would end up saying about that, so I don't know for sure. So

Speaker 1  2:06:33
he does more remote like so these people are working from home, and they're selling all over, right?

Matthias Miller  2:06:41
Which obviously doesn't work in this scenario.

Speaker 1  2:06:44
I mean, there is a scenario where that would work. I would have to redo a little bit what I'm doing. And basically I would keep my local stuff just for me, and I would have him do, basically I would go to the nationwide thing, right? There is one drawback with that.

Speaker 1  2:07:05
I hates a very strong word. I do not like eco cardboards at all. And in order to go nationwide, it's very hard to do that without dealing with Eagle carports. When their prices went up, they went up 20% three times in 60s. This was during COVID steel price ready? What happened is they were so busy up until then, but competition was down, so they couldn't raise their prices. As soon as material prices went up. Well, I had customers. They came to my office and we agreed on a price. They said, Okay, it's going to be done in two months, four months later, they come back, and they're like, oh, you know this, the walls are only 10 foot tall, and you have a 10 foot tall door, oh, door on this thing, so you have to have your walls at least 11 feet I've been doing it for years before that is like that. I'm like, okay, whatever. It's $200 I send it in. Oh, you revised the order. Now you have given the price. I paid over $10,000 out of my pocket personally to honor the contracts of people that came in. There are still people there that don't have their building because they're pissed off and fighting this, this company, but they just came in and did that whole thing. Well, then when I decided to move out here, I was sitting down my office. We were to work through details. I told Leo carports, I'm leaving COVID your building. Couple in the high school, they didn't do it well. Then my the landlord found out about it, and I was at mom's in Missouri, so it's like a six hour drive. I'm driving home on a Sunday or Monday, and he called me up because, hey, I want you out tomorrow. I'm like, what? We had a one year lease after that, just month to month, and he was, for the most part, we got along, but he was, he was known in the area to just be selfish. Money is everything jerk and but we had always gotten along for the most part. We kind of had our Spats here there, but for the most part, we got along until then. And then I said, so, yeah, you're just, you're working nothing. I guess you just want the buildings, huh? Well, I guess I just, you didn't care, because I want you out tomorrow. And His excuse was, you're going to sell these. I talked to the sales rep with legal cardboard, and when he told me to do he said, write them a letter, and if they don't have them off in 30 days or 60 days, or whatever, then sell them and just get rid of them. For whatever you can. Just get rid of them. Well, he figured it out the land, and he wanted it on his range. Anyhow. Long story short, he had his lawyer write him a letter. We all know, they didn't come get it. And the day, 30 days was up, he had a crew out there taking down this, what we call the horse barn, you know, had like the two lean twos and stuff, taking it out to his profit 20 minutes away, and the rest of the building sat there. Then another shed dealer came in, and I guess they're a dealer down for your carports. Well, last fall, I get a call,

Unknown Speaker  2:10:21
and it was a collection agency for your carports.

Speaker 1  2:10:28
They said, You owe them. It was like $40,000 I said, Dude, you want to take this to court? I said, I'm all over. I've got so much stuff. I am here for it. Let's go. And I told him a little bit of what's going on. And I said, I don't know where they got these numbers, but it's probably because of those displays that were there. And he said, Well, man, I'm not looking what I have here. Whatever it is, daddy said, if I have anything, I'll email it to you, because he said, You may never hear from me. Well, that's been almost to your iPad, so that's a big deal. I just cannot go to Eagle car. They know how much I sell. They would probably we could work through whatever they have on there and whatever they think, and we could work it out because they know the number myself. But I just can't go to bed whistle with someone like that. I can't trust them if something goes wrong, if they're going to take care of my customers or that I can trust them at all.

Speaker 3  2:11:26
I've heard stories about just inside little windows into how the businesses run like

Speaker 1  2:11:34
it sounds last time I talked to the sales rep, he said the the average person in the office answering calls and everything in the main office, this company is the largest one in the US. They are there less than 90 days before they leave. They're fresh out of college, they get a job, and 90 days later, they're gone before COVID, before the steel prices went up through COVID and everything. I knew the finance manager, I knew everyone there. I had their direct lines. We talked all the time. I had that relationship. Well, soon after that happened, a couple weeks into it, I couldn't get a hold of this guy. I don't know he's not here anymore. And two months into it, I couldn't get a hold of anyone I used to, well now I'm just a number, yeah, and just because I'm the number two dealer in the whole two states that are there all and the only one, only person, that was selling more than I was, had six locations, what? And but now they're screwing me over, just like everyone else, and it's just and everything like the crap. And I had some stressful times, as you can imagine, because now the customer came and we shook hands, and now evil carports is there?

Unknown Speaker  2:12:52
Like, Oh, that's terrible. All right, well, I gotta see you back to this guy, so

Speaker 1  2:13:01
just let me know what you think, even just the way it is, you gave him out think about and we didn't talk about pain widow, 502nd

Matthias Miller  2:13:10
I second. I mean, sorry, what's that's my conventional break for this time window. But okay, look, we did not talk about it. I treat you, right? I know you're so low. Whatever, I'm happy to work with

Speaker 1  2:13:29
you. Can I do half of that today and half of the next week or something? Yeah, that's fine. I just yeah, I'm sorry this last three weeks and so dark and so bad, I couldn't function. I couldn't think everything so

Matthias Miller  2:13:44
crazy question too, and we don't continue this now. I'm in the middle of, in the middle of, like, between stuff. I have the stuff I'm spitting out on the shed side. I've got some software stuff, kind of cooking, kind of, sort of, I don't know what software's on the way out.

Speaker 3  2:14:01
I don't enjoy that much. And AI is going to change the landscape. And I don't know. I'm just not that excited about it.

Matthias Miller  2:14:08
If there is a world and how? If I said, I personally want to come sell for you, and there's enough skin in the game for me where I don't know, I don't know if I'm greedy, but I mean, I'm going to want to make sure that the numbers look interesting. How long do you think it would realistically take for me to get up, just for somebody who's been in the game? I mean, I, I don't have

Unknown Speaker  2:14:37
much experience with ships.

Matthias Miller  2:14:40
I've been in the in and around the shed industry never specifically sold them, help work with sales teams,

Speaker 3  2:14:48
and I've been in that, I mean, off and on around the shit industry since about 2016 and been behind the scenes on marketing, sales, accounting, like, like $20 million companies, like the back end, everything on them,

Unknown Speaker  2:15:07
you could probably do

Speaker 1  2:15:13
like, you're talking about just answering messages, doing that kind of thing, getting out either that or just,

Unknown Speaker  2:15:17
well, I don't know how far, I don't know how far you want to go.

Speaker 1  2:15:24
Like, are you interested in not doing much here and just going all like, would that be a possibility? I

Matthias Miller  2:15:32
would entertain it. So the one thing only pulling back is

Speaker 3  2:15:40
I do have an eye on a play in the shed industry that I think could

Unknown Speaker  2:15:45
be interesting. How's

Unknown Speaker  2:15:47
it? So, my

Speaker 1  2:15:48
condolences. No, I mean, the shed I got so burned out on sheds like for me, it's a whole culture industry that if you love it, great, go for it. I'm just Well, so I'm all negative, so don't take my seriously.

Matthias Miller  2:16:02
Well, I guess I've had transparent conversations with Richard, and I've been around it long enough that I know that doesn't always smoke it. So I kind of my

Speaker 1  2:16:10
personality doesn't go well with it. I have more I want to do, what I want to do, and I want to have a few good friends. I don't want to know everyone and go talk to go. I don't want to go to the shed bash. I don't want to go to stuff like, you know, I don't want to go socialize, yeah, he loves that kind of thing. I want to get Matthias and Julian and Jeff. And let's come on over. We're going to, I'm smoking a brisket. Let's sit around, around the fire and talk. And that's for me. That's where I'm at so but yeah, go ahead. I

Unknown Speaker  2:16:40
mean, you have my attention. I would, I would entertain it

Speaker 1  2:16:44
for you to go on my messenger. Look at what's there reply to messages. You could probably take 75% of everything that's there within several days, if I'm there, to answer questions with, Hey, this is in El Paso County, or this is whatever, because pretty Yeah, it's pretty basic as far as if there's a lot there, but you gotta remember who we're dealing with. We're dealing with people that they don't have a clue about anything with structures, right? They're going online and they're seeing all these buildings, but they're up in on top of some mountain, they're up in Steamboat, and they think that this 30, this $12,000.30 by 40 out of Texas is gone. They can just put it up. They don't think about everything else, right? And a lot of that stuff is very effective. I mean, you could probably, honestly, you could probably have sales going. If you would do them, what I would recommend to start with is work on replying to messages and get to know the information and get to through that whole thing. If you have time right with me, let's go see the guy you know and go through a sale. Just interact, kind of understand what I do and how I do that kind of thing, but it would be pretty quick. I think that you would be, you could be doing pretty good on it. On the other side of it, if you want to keep pursuing what you're doing, you said you had a conflict. But that aside, if you wanted to just reply to my messages, and we figure out, you know what, you you got this. If you get it to where I go out and I close the sale, you get x percent, right? You take care of the messages, because I'm very much if you're taking care of the messages, unless it's something where I'm like, wait, he's getting himself in trouble. I'm not going to step in, right? I might call you and say, Hey, this is off a little bit. Let's, let's steer, let's, let's, you know, let's, let's get around this. But I'm going to let you so if you start talking to someone, that's your lead, yup, if that person buys even if I go to see the person, you get x percent. You know, once you're taking care of the Full Sail everything, then you get X percent. And that's something you could do, you know, like, Okay, you have a busy day today. You're not really replying much. You just tell me, say, Hey, if you can. You know, even if you know, if there's someone you were talking to there, they want to talk. Now, I can text you and say, Hey, this guy's, can you get on to? Or I can step in, yep.

Speaker 7  2:19:37
Or if you're like, me, give kids something you do. We got, we got six kids. Six kids. Okay, full track, yeah, four

Speaker 1  2:19:46
kids are in bed just sitting around a little bit, just yeah, just and just pull out. Well, you can, you can flip if you want to, yeah. Or I go into Facebook saying, You know what? This a lot of times, just a couple quick questions, here, there, yeah, and sometimes they reply. A lot of my sales happen after I'm in bed. There's someone messaging, and I can just reply real quick, and it's not a big deal. And then at some point, say, Hey, I'm gonna stick with mom, yeah, or whatever, yeah. I mean, in my mind, that would be the perfect next step would be to have someone that doesn't have to make money on them today, yeah? But can learn. Can do it on the side, and then however far you want to take that okay, and if you like working in office, you like working here. There's a lot of customers that would like to come to an office and come here, obviously we would have to, you know, figure, forget all that stuff, how that works. But definitely doable.

Matthias Miller  2:20:52
All right, yeah, well, that's, it's, it's, I'm very much working options. Yeah, right now, so cool, yep, is

Speaker 1  2:21:09
the shit thing, anything to do with stormwater. Hello, can I call you in just a few minutes?

Unknown Speaker  2:21:19
Okay, okay,

Matthias Miller  2:21:23
I had COVID. Reach out to me about some work with dealers, but not, not specifically Calvin. What's his name? He's

Unknown Speaker  2:21:33
one of the store guys. He's with stormwater.

Unknown Speaker  2:21:37
What's his last name? Calvin Yoder.

Speaker 1  2:21:41
We said Calvin. I was taking her, I don't know, okay, but no, the only person I'm personally from stormwater is one of my best friends. Is like number two in the big company, and he lived up here in Colorado, Darcy, you know, Darcy Cohen. He's Overman. He's got shed picture, sheds, I think, for his profile picture. Darcy Cohen, s, a, k, Kelly, H, M, something like that. But he goes out like all the new locations, and he's more of a shop support person on it. And he keeps talking to me. We What's up all the time. And he's more like, Man, I really want to go out west. I want to do something out there. He said the owner was the owner. Name is he wants it to he's like, so, because right now they don't have anything in Colorado. I heard they have something in Montana or something.

Speaker 3  2:22:33
Okay, that's pretty interesting, too.

Speaker 1  2:22:37
So I don't know, yeah, like I said, I'm not here to I don't talk to people either. You tell me anything as not like I'm calling people, right? Like I'm not,

Unknown Speaker  2:22:45
you don't remind me of the black

Speaker 1  2:22:48
Carol as I less. So store more, if I was to load, if I was going to get back in the sheds, I would talk to store more. That's where I met

Unknown Speaker  2:23:01
with it. They're good I mean,

Speaker 1  2:23:04
they're good people, good people, and they make a priority, from everything I've seen, and that this comes from people that have been working with them for several years, like plant managers and stuff like that, that they make a priority to make sure that you have a good quality of life, too. Yeah, Dirksen started out good. They had they started out the new platform that were great at the time. The problem is they kind of left it behind. And then after a while, it was helmet, and then they don't want to pay and now they're more on the lower pay scale. They've upped it some recently. So new management. I don't know if you're familiar with it, but Cumberland buildings that was out here, so that was Marcel, and he is. He married the daughter of Scott Berryman, who owned Dirksen well, and within the last year, Scott's son, Brian Berryman, who owns my mom, went blank. They're like the largest shed company. Now they're all over the western states and back east and north,

Speaker 1  2:24:22
if you will. Now he owns that company. Now, Brian and Marcel bought out Scott from the Dirksen Okay, so Cumberland is going under the Dirksen umbrella. Got it. Brian is keeping his company. Okay, so Marcel moved to Tennessee and is took over that but he's, I guess there's been a lot of growing pains and lot of stuff going in there. So that's why you see probably up here, the Cumberland shop is switching to Dirks, and I think they might have signed up for both and stuff. But, yeah, they are, you know, Dirksen is a good company, but they have the thing of, we were the first company doing this, and if you follow what we do, you're going to make money instead of looking at what the new companies are doing and saying, You know what? Maybe there's a better way of doing great depth. Yeah? Well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:25:18
I've talked to, I don't know, 50 or 100 dealers in the last month, just getting to learn stuff. I mean, you want to talk about being the bottom of the food chain, some of these guys, it's not always, not always pretty.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:34
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:25:37
One guy for us, the dealers. As far as the dealers, there's a different company, but one guy is like, I'm jumping. I'm filling in for two other locations when these people aren't there, and I'm not at my lot, like, all the time, and I'm trying to make this stuff working, like I don't know something management. I heard me like, it's not complete anyway. So that's

Speaker 1  2:25:58
the thing with commission stuff, you have to be able to not get paid until you make until you get going, right? And I look at this. I call it the snowball effect. I start advertising, I get stuff going. Yep. The problem is after, if I really hit it, after three or four days of heavy advertising, I have enough leads to keep you busy for two days long. Those two days of the messages are not getting caught up, because those messages are snowballing, right? Well, then if I don't do anything, and I so I may for two weeks, be Go, go, go, go, and then I stop advertising, and I'm just catching up. I'm meeting people, I'm following up, I'm doing all this stuff. Well, then when that fizzles out, I have to start with a little snowball, right? And to get it going again, and I need to be able to get this going, to keep the momentum going, to keep it consistent.

Unknown Speaker  2:26:48
What's the average sales cycle? Do you know

Speaker 1  2:26:53
I would have to look a little bit more. I'm gonna say two to three weeks. Okay, and then, but there are some people that I've been looking for a long time. You're local. I just want to get it done Sure. I mean, there's somebody to go. There's some I've I've gotten a call Saturday morning. Never talked to the guy before, and I had his money, but to my

Matthias Miller  2:27:13
and with commission structure, you pay commission on the deposit, if it's like

Speaker 1  2:27:19
the commission is my commission, my commission. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:27:26
right, because that's locked in on building, right? Alright, let's, let's, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:27:33
yeah. I've got my phone going. I need to go, yeah, just hit me up if you're interested in that. By all means,

Speaker 7  2:27:42
talk more. Alright, send me an invoice,

Speaker 3  2:27:47
whatever. Okay and take your time.

Speaker 7  2:27:52
I should have asked you before. I should have, like, kind

Speaker 3  2:27:55
of a conventional Read, yeah, yeah. So, Okay, cool,

Unknown Speaker  2:28:03
Yep. THANKS. I Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai