Unknown Speaker  00:45
Hey, hey,

Unknown Speaker  00:46
hey, hey. So we live in crazy times.

Unknown Speaker  00:53
We do

Matthias Miller  00:57
two things. One, I don't know if you know Frank Michael? No, he's a round table member planet Perry. Guy has helped with M and A's. There's also a guy by the name of Chris Johnston who's going to be talking at Perry's equity Summit. I had a two hour conversation with them today, and they have investable capital, and they have just basically been beating down doors trying to find places to put it.

Unknown Speaker  01:30
What a problem to have.

Unknown Speaker  01:34
It really is. I

Speaker 1  01:35
am. I am literally sitting here looking at my bills from last month that are still not paid, wondering how on earth to pay them in this month at the same time?

Matthias Miller  01:46
Yeah, well, I'm working on closing some discoveries, which, with our current revenue shares, should get you a nice little payout with minimal work on your end. But we'll see how that progresses. So but here's the basic idea, don't fight the system. If you don't, don't try to beat them, join them. And so manufacturers only care about total cost of acquisition. Dealers only care about shaking hands and closing deals. Nobody wants to pick up the phone anymore, and so literally, go pick a region and go build out the lead nurture. So build something like and the details are a little fuzzy, but build something like the I own, the domains, the shed Buying Guide, or shed buyers guide.com as an example. And let that be the face. So somebody, somebody googles for sheds, you pop up, get their opt in, you nurture them. You have a bunch a ton of SEO and everything that everybody needs to know. And and you, you're basically an appointment setting company. And you say, well, here's what's available. Here are the vetted manufacturers in your area. And here's what's available, this, this or this. And I can guide you through everything you need to know. And you pit, there's all kinds of stuff from the transcript that we can get into. But then basically you send out a lead, send something out to the dealers. Or, you know, basically we have this lead here is all the conversation and nurture that's come up to this point they're interested in buying in the next 3060, 90 days, or whatever it is, would you like to pay $250 for this? Yes or no? And by the way, this is going out to all the other dealers click, and at that point, whenever you click to Ching, cash register rings. It's your lead, your appointment. And so basically it's Legion. It really is selling leads, but it's not fighting the dealer model, which is anyway, so that is the idea could be tested in a state. Small number of manufacturers pay. Pick and all the better if it's competitive, because then you can tell the consumers, your consumer you're in a competitive market. You send your name out, you're going to get blasted with phone calls. Do you really want that? We're here to protect you that we can

Speaker 1  04:42
Great. That's a great twist. I'm going to try to keep this short, but like, there's that whole thing. You know, everybody wants leads, but they don't want work. So we say that they want Legion, but in actuality, they don't want to answer the phone, right? Yeah? Yeah. That's a thank you. Jeremy. He doesn't really want those leads. Literally, he doesn't really want those leads. He just wants the sale that he imagined he was gonna get when we first talked about generating leads

Matthias Miller  05:10
Exactly. And what's the problem with dealers? They're Lazy, Lazy attrition. They're order takers. Well, why fight it? Yeah. Dealer, fat, happy dealer, you can still be an order taker

Speaker 1  05:24
and, and we can now say that like we've done it, we've delivered the leads, and we've seen what really goes on after we've delivered the lead.

Matthias Miller  05:35
Yeah, yep, I love it. And, and then it's all competition, you know, it's all anyway. So there you go. There is a I just had a conversation. Here's the other thing, personal note, think about, pray about. I mean, I don't expect you to have a ton of input, but friend of mine sells metal structures. He has health issues. He's probably putting, I think he said, 10 to 15 hours a week into it, and he really needs a sales guy. Doesn't know where to go, who to trust, what to do, and on his own, came up with the idea of, I can take Facebook Messenger, we could plug it all into chat, GPT. And there's a lot of stuff that people could answer just based off of historical conversations. And in my mind, I'm like so he would be willing to pay a salesperson about seven 7% on it, I might be able to negotiate it up, I don't know. But in my mind, I'm like, I have had way more fun with sales than anything else I've done, but selling the dealers is like squeezing blood out of turnips. So should I take a look at coming alongside him, getting my foot in the door, in the sales role, and sell some buildings, get some commissions, or is this an absolute total part of me is like, well, that's kind of a long shot. Like, anyway, this part of me is like, I know how to generate leads, too. If we need leads, we could do Facebook lead ads going to high level. We could do a little bit of nurturing with them. And like, we could have an appointment thinning system for metal structures and, yeah, maybe, I mean, economics are going to work way better on that anyway, yeah, and I will. I don't know where the upside path is to this for you exactly. That's probably the biggest downside,

Matthias Miller  08:11
anyway. So that is something that I just asked him, that he wanted my input on how to scale. And he needs an assistant. And I mean literally, if I would plug in, step in, I could literally train Audra and some of this stuff, if he's open to it. And, you know, I don't know. So we have an assistant plug and play ready to go to do some lead nurture on the front end. Anyway, I don't know there's my my rambling thoughts for the day, and I don't know what you think

Speaker 1  08:46
so. And I apologize. I was trying to multitask, and I'm not real good at it anymore. So referring to the last one, the metal structure guys. So, so you know somebody who has a metal structures business. And you said he's either getting old or wearing out something like that, and does or does not currently have any lead generation in place.

Matthias Miller  09:14
He's doing everything on Facebook marketplace. He's sold 4 million across two years with Facebook marketplace,

Unknown Speaker  09:19
pocket change. That was a joke,

Matthias Miller  09:25
right? I mean, with the 50% 15% dealer commission,

Speaker 1  09:30
and what would he like? What would he like? He wants someone to

Matthias Miller  09:36
he just wants a sales guy who's going to show up and close when he's not feeling well because he's got health issues.

Unknown Speaker  09:45
How old is he?

Matthias Miller  09:48
My age? Our age. What

Speaker 1  09:50
if we tell him that the right solution is not to find a good, trusted friend who shows up when he's not feeling well, but rather, the right solution is. Is to act like a CEO business owner and offload that permanently.

Matthias Miller  10:06
Well, I mean, it is the right solution. Here's the thing that's got my interest. And maybe this is completely misguided, and maybe I'm going completely the wrong direction. But,

Matthias Miller  10:21
I mean, well, it is the answer, and in a couple months, he could afford to hire Josh. But I really think he needs, he needs somebody else in the mix too, yet, beyond just Josh, to go hire a killer salesperson, Josh or Josh long like using Josh's hiring process, and I don't even know if Josh does local hiring, so yes, it is what needs to happen,

Speaker 1  10:47
um, referring only to the short term. Can you he and you together partner up train and like you might have to do some of this in the middle as a as a bridge like to get from here to there, not permanently, but just to get from here to there. Could you partner up, relieve him of his lead gen and sales duties, teach Audra how to actually do the Facebook marketplace listings, and then we could start Facebook carousel ads as Legion, and then you can handle the closing again, not forever, but just to get from here to the point where you can bring in another closer. And I would, and the idea is that he is just relieved of all this stuff. It's off his shoulders.

Unknown Speaker  11:38
Oh, he in a heartbeat. In a heartbeat, is

Speaker 1  11:46
there? I know you're probably thinking like, oh, that's more work to do. Yep, I get that real good. But like, is that not a moderate assuming that he pays for it? Is that not a fairly functional pathway forward we have this guy. Problem is he's too old, too sick, too busy. I'm not being critical. I'm just trying to say it quickly, we can step in and say we're going to take the lead gen off your hands. That that means both the free marketplace listings you're currently doing and the paid ads you should be doing, and we're going to take the sales off your hands. He doesn't necessarily have to worry a ton about who's doing the sale or when they're doing the sale, just like Matthias has showed up to solve this problem on day one and maybe through day 39 it might be mostly Matthias, but as we get from day one to day 14 to day 28 it's more and more Audra Jonathan and somebody else who's going to be the closer. And then eventually Matthias has worked himself out of a job too, right? Do you like that?

Matthias Miller  12:52
I mean, I, I, I'm the only, only little head scratcher is, what do the next four weeks look like for that?

Unknown Speaker  13:05
It's four weeks or your four weeks, my

Unknown Speaker  13:07
four weeks.

Speaker 1  13:08
Hey, I don't know what you got going well, Doctor

Matthias Miller  13:12
projects, consulting for cash, trying to

Speaker 1  13:17
phone calls a day for this guy, or what?

Matthias Miller  13:21
Well, I don't, I don't even, I doubt it's even that much he says he spends. He's spending 10 to 15 hours a week on his stuff. So it really might not be that much.

Speaker 1  13:34
I mean, cash is cash. It seems like you could even, funny enough, you know how when we were working with true point towards the end, I said I wanted a sandbox to play in. This is a little bit of a sandbox for you to play in. You if you can, if you can get him to agree to the general situation, you can start playing with things like automation, having Audra act like an appointment setter, right? There's all kinds of little things that you might do to turn that 10 hours into five for you his 10 hours into five of your hours. Yep, I realize we got to do more than just learn, but assuming that we're all headed in the right direction, some rapid learning might be great,

Matthias Miller  14:20
well, and some, yep, rapid learning and cash in the bank.

Speaker 1  14:26
So, and I get it, you know, his 10 hours on day one on day one, his 10 hours is going to be 20 hours for you. You got to learn everything. You got to find all the buttons and, you know, whatever. But I think you're skilled, experienced and competent enough to get at least on parity with him soon. Yeah, I don't know. I kind of like it, not trying to twist your arm or anything, and I'm also not saying that he needs to do Facebook ads tomorrow either. I. But it's just like if he could pay you something reasonable for for, basically, for you and otter to show up, take the marketplace management off his hands and start closing the deals, and then go from there, if he's feeling the pressure of too much on his plate, not enough health to spread himself around on I would think, how's he gonna find a better deal unless he just hires employees?

Unknown Speaker  15:28
Well, I don't, I don't know that he I don't know that he can, really,

Unknown Speaker  15:36
yeah, I like it. Do you like it?

Matthias Miller  15:44
I do, like I said, the only real concern is, I mean, there's still going to be a learning curve. I've been in sheds, but never, never, literally, in sales and never, never with permitted buildings like this. So that is going to be a little bit of a learning

Speaker 1  16:02
curve. Does he have rings from past calls that you can listen? Can he start recording right now today?

Matthias Miller  16:13
We could, well, we have all his Facebook Messenger stuff. I don't know how many phone calls. He actually has, like, how many phone calls he's doing? Well, he's doing some, I'm sure. Yeah, potentially located. Oh, he's here in my area,

Speaker 1  16:33
like within driving distance or too far away. No, literally within my area. The audio keeps breaking up within your own area.

Unknown Speaker  16:42
Yes, we're practically neighbors,

Speaker 1  16:45
okay? I mean, man, awesome. You can go sit with him in his office for a minute. Well,

Matthias Miller  16:50
that's where he just was. He was in mine.

Speaker 1  16:55
I love it. Um, I almost, I'm not saying it's easy, but I almost think you'd be looking a gift horse in the mouth, if in the mouth, if you didn't take it. Yeah, that's kind of the, you know, that old story about guy was drowning, and God sent a canoe and a boat, you know I'm talking about.

Unknown Speaker  17:17
I do know what you're talking about. You know what you're talking about, things,

Speaker 1  17:22
absolutely, is God sending you or whatever, but like, it's, it sure sounds kind of like it,

Matthias Miller  17:29
yeah. Well, okay, here's the other thing he said. So he knows a deal the store, more dealer, who wants me to do dealer sales trainings. He knows them. He says they're great people. And I mean, I trust this guy mostly. Again, this is friends of friends. And I mean, the way, the way, one of the key indicators is the guy's been through hell and back and has seen the dark side of how the world works. And still, you know, probably has better boundaries, but loves people. So that's typically a good sign in my book. But they have been this dealer has been looking at moving into Colorado, and so there would be this possibility of opening up, I know another shed dealership. Are you kidding me? But if we wanted to pilot our Lead Gen system with somebody like that, could potentially be a pilot system for that.

Speaker 1  18:38
And I'm sorry you switched to talking about somebody else. Yeah, this

Matthias Miller  18:42
is somebody else, a potential shed, a shed dealer that wants to open up locations for their West. I

Speaker 1  18:48
want them all, as long as they pay something. I want them all, yep. So I am just saying, Oh, we've already had this exact same conversation, and I'll keep it short, but I'm repeating it, recapping it, because it's important to me. So over the last previous year, talking years, talking about true point and plans we've had made back then, and then some discussions you and I had about 678, weeks ago. I pause all that for a second. I'm going to say something else is a prefix first. So in my little brain, what I have always wanted is something. Call it a campaign. Call it a funnel. Call it a system. I don't care, something that actually works, where I feel like I've got real, meaningful value to give to somebody, and I can just go find some somebody's and say, Hey, I've got this system, this thing, whatever you want to call it, it works. I've done it multiple times. I can prove that it works. Let me do this for you. And I have been. Facing kind of that illusion for 15 to 20 years, and to some extent it is my fault for never niching down. Could Talk on forever about why I never did or whatever, but so 678, weeks ago, you and I were talking. I was still in those shoes. I wanted to run with you ads for a shed company. We had the experience of Yoder, Yoder times two, right? I mean, I'm sorry, two point so meaning Pennsylvania and Indiana. We knew it could work. We also knew that it didn't work quite as well in Indiana, not, not really any concrete idea why. But then you said, Hey, I've got this ad for Yoder in Colorado that worked. And we repeated it one time for Jeremy. And sure enough, it worked. And then you don't know this, but I tried two other variations on purpose. It was a slight variation of the carousel ad and something else and the something else failed, but the variation on the carousel ad worked perfectly fine on the first try. So the way I look at that is we've now done this at least three, depending on what we're counting, four or five times. We finally have a system that I after all these years, that I actually do have confidence is repeatable, right? And that makes for me a very big different case from what you and I had when having any discussions in December or January. Basically, yeah, and with that in mind, I'm thinking like we finally got the goods. We finally know what works, and now I just want to pile them on,

Unknown Speaker  21:49
yep, and then the

Speaker 1  21:50
whole barns are greenhouses or sheds or chicken coops. I don't really care. I imagine it's all pretty close to the same.

Matthias Miller  21:55
I would expect it would be. All right? Well, I gotta the only the and the only the only pump the brakes, which is the frustrating pump the brakes. But if we structure this correctly, and we put nurture in place, and potentially even a call center, and position this as a consumer protection for shed buyers, because we know it's a big purchase. So let us be the big brother, holding your hand and walking we're going to start

Unknown Speaker  22:28
a new company called shed mafia. Shed

Matthias Miller  22:30
mafia That is hilarious, that is hilarious. So which becomes our moat, and then we build AI into the into the mix with feedback loops, and we really have a defensible moat, yes, and we only feed people, and we come up with some kind of a way that people can reply from this. Well, maybe it's not even the same phone number, no, it's just our own GHL, the mafia. GHL is running, and it's booking these leads, and we have a whole system in place, and it's this much per appointment. Do you want it? Yes or

Speaker 1  23:04
No, I love it. I just love it. And then someday we become this shed version of home advisor Angie's List, and we just take over the

Matthias Miller  23:11
world well, and or somebody buys us out, and,

Speaker 1  23:15
oh, absolutely. And I hope they do, but let's get there first. Well, let's

Matthias Miller  23:18
get there first. There's a few steps in between, yeah, such as tomorrow and next week. So,

Speaker 1  23:24
yeah, Alright, sounds good about all this, that I like it. How are you I know you're kind of expecting family life to be a little bit rough this week. Are y'all getting through it, or is it kind of a drain?

Matthias Miller  23:40
I mean, it's it's through, it's stuff, but yeah, I can text you more later, but yeah, all right. All right, that's good. Appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  23:52
Yep, thanks. Yep, you bet. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai