Frank Michel  00:26
Hey, Matthias, Frank, how you going?

Matthias Miller  00:32
It's it's been a long week, but we're here. We're halfway there. We're halfway there,

Frank Michel  00:41
just past the halfway mark, right? Yes. I mean, yeah, all right, just as, just as I'm going to jump on, I get a text from our electric utility, you know, storms in the area, or whatever, upcoming weather, and then power, power goes out, generator kicks in, and I'm like, it always takes a Wi Fi forever to recycle, but then actually the power came back, so it has to reroute and recycle. So if you lose me, that's why. Means the power went out, it'll come back. It takes a Wi Fi a minute, and then I'll jump back on but it's just, it's just, yeah, a bunch of rain and some wind. It's not like Storm storms, but, yeah, great timing. Thanks. Great

Matthias Miller  01:30
timing, exactly.

Frank Michel  01:32
I mean, it wasn't more than 10 seconds after I clicked the Zoom link the alarm in the house, like anytime that loses power or Wi Fi starts, it announces it and it blasts texts and it does my guy just be that way. So, yeah. So I sent the I sent the link down there he is.

Frank Michel  02:13
I sent it to Chris too. Chris Johnson, nice. I he said he's getting asked for a password on the link. Is that, because it was like, Was I not able to actually share it? Or, I don't know, we

Matthias Miller  02:33
can see if, I mean, if you just send him, there is no password if you give him the link that's in the invite,

Frank Michel  02:38
that's what i

Matthias Miller  02:39
thought i i can see if I can get the

Frank Michel  02:44
password he dialed with the phone.

Matthias Miller  02:50
I don't know if that phone's still active. Actually,

Frank Michel  02:53
let's see

Matthias Miller  02:57
if we can get him a different phone number. Participants. Invite. Copy invitation.

Matthias Miller  03:17
Here the one pad mobiles, if he wants to call in, oh, yeah, it is. So that would be the that is the number. That's the wrong number in the zoom, but types in that 845, like that number in the chat, I think is a password that he needs

Frank Michel  03:41
snap a picture that's not gonna work, pretty fun, but today,

Frank Michel  03:58
All right, we'll see if that works. I just said, sent him a picture of it like, well, if I have a way to send that or no, not that I know of, maybe, yeah, okay, go figure it out. Maybe there's more buttons pop email,

Matthias Miller  04:35
let's see I'm well,

Frank Michel  04:48
see if that works. All right, well, we'll see if you might be driving, trying to have the i. I had one of those yesterday with, yeah, yesterday with my partner in a car and me getting a software demo at the same time, and you're giving time war. He's like, Hey, can you jump on at three? Because they want to demo this. Hey guys, sorry I didn't try. Okay, and

Frank Michel  05:29
it's okay. Chris, yeah, she'll find okay. I'm hearing I'm hearing me, yeah, I'm

Matthias Miller  05:38
getting an echo as well. I'm getting an echo as well. I

Chris Johnston  05:40
we'll come back.

Frank Michel  05:51
All right. So, so things, thing busy, like hectic week in a busy way, or,

Matthias Miller  06:01
yeah, it's unfortunate circumstances. We lost a good friend to a heart attack, and so it's been a lot of hospital visits, and

Frank Michel  06:16
already hear that still like that. Yeah, that's an extra tough. Candidates can't plan for them. You can't blame for them.

Matthias Miller  06:27
Yeah.

Frank Michel  06:37
Well, we may or may not get Chris back, so he and I went back and forth a couple times in emails, just trying to, because I know he had a good long talk with you at one point too, and yeah, trying to think of like, okay, Matthias is out there in front of people, like, what are the real like, flag waves that an owner gives right ready? You know, I mean it. Age is one thing, but it's not always the best tell of when someone's thinking like, Okay, I don't want to own this anymore. Usually a strong indicator for someone is a frustration indicator, like a burnout so if you're talking like growth issues and they're blazing over like, oh, I don't want to really do this. That's a pretty good one.

Matthias Miller  07:49
I haven't had that on the manufacturer side, but I'm pretty sure I could run some chat GPT stuff and pull up some conversations where I had that on the dealer side, yeah,

Frank Michel  08:05
health is always the trigger. That's kind of haphazard and random, you know, but Chris is ever one of our our thoughts was, I mean, even these types of businesses get the emails and the solicitations of sell your business. I'm looking for a business, you know, etc, etc, so you kind of step in, you know, you kind of risk not, I mean, you do risk stepping into being lumped into that crowd, if that's your your lead in discussion, and I think you're in maybe a bit of a a beneficial and maybe unique spot in that you've been a consultant to that industry. You're still in the industry, and you know how to make them grow. Yeah, right. So if that's your discussion point, and to be fair, like a lot of the things you work on and think on, probably shoot over a lot of their heads pretty quick, or feel like that's a heavy lift, right, right? So when, when you're talking that and they seem amenable to growth, but a lot of times you're going to, you know, you might see an owner who's like, alright, I don't really have my foot on the gas gas anymore, and I don't want to restart that. That might be a pretty good intro for you to say, like a first step is some sort of smaller fee plus upside. Let me take that over for you and grow your business for you, right? So I think back an example, neighbor, ours down. The Beach years ago. So, I mean, I was coming out of college, good bit older than me, but he did like that exact thing in the carpet industry. He went in and took over with an older owner work for him to grow it, and then bought out as like four locations, you know, within, I think within a couple of years. So I'm not saying it's even that long, but it's kind of the same mindset of like, what, okay, you don't want to grow, but or not that you don't want to grow. You're not at that stage of your ownership where, great, let's really work on this. You might be able to come in and say, look, here's what I do, here's what I've done in the past. But I'd like to do it is for companies that are kind of like, at this S curve starting to drift off. That's another good tell. Like, if everyone around them ladder going up and they're just kind of starting to tip over, that that can be a good, good indicator of their thinking about, you know, they're not that far from tapping out retirement. Well, I'm not saying go bankrupt or anything, but they're just saying the drive is the drives about over,

Matthias Miller  11:20
right? It's kind of that sense is kind of this tired business owner who's lost some of his youthful ambition, and,

Frank Michel  11:31
yeah, yeah. And then like, those guys aren't going to be looking for like for themselves, for like new meaning. Oh, we just run postcards, or we just put things in value pack Miller, or we just, we're here at the side of the road, and people stop right, yes, so owners towards the towards the end of that run, they're not seeking out, like, new growth channel, new ways to do things, new sales processes. You know, they'll be like, hey, yeah, Jim, my sales guy, if he's good enough. You know, the we hear those kind of things like, ah, yeah, he's, he's, he's been with us 40 years. He used to do installed, and now he does estimates and sales. And they're like, Well, alright, how's that going?

Matthias Miller  12:22
I heard this one Paris found the young gallon paint. Yeah, found this young girl paying her 3% commission anyway. Go ahead,

Frank Michel  12:32
right, yeah, super. I'm sure he's killing herself to do it, yeah? So, so those are, like, the tells, you know, we get the business itself and how he's running it, and then once you're in there, you know. So the what's the downside? Well, maybe they don't give you enough control to actually control the growth, you know, operationally, or, you know, Do this, do that, so the upside payment isn't what it needs to be. Maybe new found growth is new found energy for the owner. So if you thought it was a an acquisition target, maybe it's not. Because they're like, Hey, this is great. We used to have that with with with Brandywine, we would have a company go work with Jose to kind of recharge things, and all sudden, the business is fun and grown again. And then there's like, well, now it's not going to be back for three years, until the guy's actually older. But that's a fine thing, because otherwise, he's just selling for the wrong reasons. He's selling because he's like, this sucks, and I can't grow. So that's that's kind of not an ideal spot. You know,

Matthias Miller  13:56
the key to that is, I mean, at every stage of the game, make sure you're can handle the downside, downside if it doesn't scale, downside if he doesn't want to sell, etc,

Frank Michel  14:09
yeah, yeah, exactly. And it's just, and you're kind of just, you're not going in with the idea that you would take them out. But if you're in there and getting things done that discussion is easy, easier. Not only that, now you also have a good handle on that business, right? And you're, you know, and you can be like, Well, I would never buy this one because here's what's happening around it, or whatever. You know, maybe it's a vendor problem. Maybe it's a whatever problem. So it's, you know, so I'm thinking, on the dealer side, on the manufacturing side, probably a little bit different dynamic, and probably, I'm assuming, a much bigger acquisition, I might be. There's dealer

Matthias Miller  15:01
sides, pretty easy. And in that one, I mean, unless I want to staff somebody on site, and I mean, that's the typical model, making economics work on the dealer side would be interesting. And have to put some thought into it. There's very little of a I mean, if they have a brand on the dealer side, do they have a lot location? Do they have visibility and awareness in the community? And is it worth putting somebody, you know, boots on the ground there on the manufacturer side, you can look at manufacturer buyouts, but the other angle of manufacturers is kind of tactical triangle takeover Mark Engels style, whatever, which I'm actually entertaining. The idea just found that a manufacturer here who, basically, they say, we suck at sales and marketing. Does anybody want to expand their sales region? Well, so and with the manufacturer, potentially, you can negotiate beyond. I mean, the standard dealer percentage, I think, is around 10% some might go higher, but by the time you do any kind of paid advertising, pay, pay advertising commission out of that, there's not just a ton of

Frank Michel  16:31
so the dealer just getting, they're just getting commission on the sale. Yeah, and it's only 10%

Matthias Miller  16:39
Yep. Cool.

Frank Michel  16:41
That's not so. So we have one

Matthias Miller  16:43
deal that we're doing media buying for, but we had to drop our media buying prices to like $500 a month management fee, $100 month ad spend, because the economics don't work any other way.

Chris Johnston  17:00
All the agencies are going they're all going that way, all of them,

Frank Michel  17:06
we're agency wise,

Chris Johnston  17:08
yeah. I mean, any kind of, any, any, any metamorphosis in the agency world just isn't going to exist, because everything's going down. I mean, everything's going down.

Frank Michel  17:21
Yeah, so I'm more, I'm more worried about that. Me too. The Commission, Hello, yeah, that just that seems like a I

Chris Johnston  17:33
thought Matthias, I thought they were getting like 25% I thought, you know, top tier dealers were getting 25%

Matthias Miller  17:41
manufacturers, are if they're selling, if they're selling direct to consumer, correct? But that's a small segment, and a lot of manufacturers are still on a dealer model and and most folks don't know how to sell online, direct to consumer. No,

Frank Michel  17:58
yeah, true, definitely. Yeah. So there,

Chris Johnston  18:01
so there has the,

Frank Michel  18:04
sorry, the manufacturer, their 25% margin is net profit margin or gross profit? Got a big net?

Chris Johnston  18:16
No, I don't think so. Matthew, isn't it growth?

Matthias Miller  18:19
The I have heard of a company doing 25% net, but I don't, but I've also seen companies at like, eight. Oh, so okay, I don't, I mean, I mean we're just,

Frank Michel  18:33
we're just drifting. I mean, I guess dealers are this, but I mean, we're just Chris, we're like, a tick above distributor margins.

Chris Johnston  18:42
Yeah, that's Yeah, exactly like

Frank Michel  18:45
office furniture guys are like, somewhere between six and 11% 12% Yep. Well, they're not now they used to rephrase that. They used their transport

Chris Johnston  18:55
killed them because, remember, now they're absorbing all the transport costs. They're having a bill of lading. So they're, yeah, they're at like, six,

Frank Michel  19:04
well, and I guess we got this, well, don't really have, you have the same thing for so that's a question. Who's Who picks up the cost from manufacturer to dealer transport? Is that that,

Matthias Miller  19:19
usually, that's the manufacturer. Manufacturer will cover inventory. They'll pay for they'll pay for an own inventory on the lot. They'll pay for delivery to the to the lot and from the lot to the customer.

Frank Michel  19:33
So do They? They? So if I see the lot like, you know, I'm pretty close to Lancaster, so we've got sheds. When I see a lot with a lot of things on it, I assume it's a dealer. May not be maybe it's a manufacturer's own lot, but if it's a dealer, those are floor plan inventory, so they're not paying for the inventory to be on the lot the dealers. Sending it, and they get a commission when it goes right. Okay, so their costs are low, other than just where they exist.

Matthias Miller  20:09
Yeah, it's lot rent, any kind of advertising they do. I mean, yeah, really low costs, but not a lot of wiggle room if they don't the dealers that do really well the metal building industry is higher ticket, lower competition. And so I mean another angle to go is, if you want to do tactical triangle takeover, just you know is, do that be buying some metal building vendors and and sell for them because they're your commissions are closer to 15% and the ticket size is, I mean, unless it's car ports, but ticket size can be two to three, 4x

Frank Michel  21:01
and are they coming in pre built, or are they built on site? No,

Matthias Miller  21:05
those are built on site. Those would be more permanent structures you have permitting and licensing, the Contractor Licensing that needs to go into

Frank Michel  21:15
the deal. So the dealers are probably selling the the kit. Are they selling up the finished build, so we're both? I guess

Matthias Miller  21:24
that's a great question. I had assumed it's the finished build, but I don't actually know for sure. Might be both for one or the other. I don't know. Okay,

Chris Johnston  21:38
Would you guys mind if we backed up and kind of went back to some of the brass tack stuff so I can just sit as I haven't talked to Matthias in a while. I don't know how much, if you I don't want to recover things you guys have already No, your fourth beat down.

Frank Michel  21:52
Yeah, where,

Chris Johnston  21:55
where we left it was, you know, we were, we were going to kick around some ideas on copy, the whole OBD thing, maybe things change. Maybe thing things have it. Maybe it's all my fault. But I think the questions that still I wanted, I needed answers from you about just overall, not because of copy, but just, what are you delivering? Like, what is it? What are you fixing in the industry now? I mean, what is it? Has something changed

Matthias Miller  22:34
so consistently? The issue seems to be sales and marketing. Well, okay, so here's what happened. What's transpired since then, the OBD is way too complicated for people that they'll like. That's graduate level stuff for most of these guys, and most of these guys can't even wrap their head around why they want something like that. Even even sophisticated folks, I just keep bumping my head in and like they need something lizard brain like. And so since then, we did a cold SMS campaign. We were able to book every one, one out of three dealers. So we're able to text 50% of dealers. Were able to book one out of three of that and had a ton of conversation with dealers. And what the issues is, there's some mismanaged manufacturers. There's a whole bunch of them that need marketing, but they just basically can't afford it with their model, and they're not getting enough business. And so with the manufacturer, the way it is, they're getting the short end of the stick. The problem to solve. What would

Chris Johnston  23:40
you say that? Okay, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  23:45
So the problem to solve within the industry. I mean, one of the things I've started doing has been selling a discovery engagement, kind of the the friction, like the tagline I've kind of been playing around with is when you remove the friction growth is easy, so let's find the friction point and remove it. And I had my first taker last fall. The parent company wants me to do that across multiple lines of business in Virginia. They were very impressed with what I did. I mean conversations about with a few other companies about it. So one of the manufacturers, so, so one of the manufacturers got acquired. They have very little cash. Makes it almost impossible for them to work with I just, I can't take on that much risk working with them. Parent company is going to have more more more money. They're just tech, completely tech, stupid. Um, the there's another one where they've just been a production shop. They've never focused on sales. Just now fired there. Just a month ago, fire their sales manager, bringing in another one. I'm talking to them tomorrow. Um. And I'm not sure where they're out on lead gen. I hear a lot of talk within the industry about how screwed up lead gen is. Oh, we've tried this person. They've promised us the moon they couldn't deliver. And it's, it's, it's been tough, partially because, well, some of those conversations I've had with dealers, and the economics make it tough, but it's also been tough just because marketers are snake oil salesmen, and most people have been burned once or twice and don't want to try again. And so there are ways around that. Another manufacturer, he's got two locations. He needs to hire a sales manager. He's generally invested in himself more he's starting a shipping container business. What he's really interested in is he doesn't have any partners. A lot of these manufacturers are partner run. So you got two or three partners, and so that gums up the decision making process with this other company. He said, I'm doing this solo. We're doing shipping containers higher margin, but I don't have anybody else looking over my shoulder. I might be interested in having you. You know, let's do kind of a discovery plus retainer and like, help me stay focused and stay on top of stuff and manage, um, another, another manufacturer in Arizona, same issue, they tried online sales completely bond they were thinking about going back to the dealer model. Seems to me like massive leadership issues or potentially significant leadership issues, at least, but don't really know for sure.

Matthias Miller  26:50
Yeah, so, so there's kind of a little smattering. Remember

Chris Johnston  26:55
the question. I'm sorry I was echoing good work. Can you hear me? Okay, okay, there you are. Okay. Remember, I asked you the question about the pie. If we just took we just drew a pie, and we said, this big, gigantic slab is this problem? This small sliver is this problem? Are the are there three big problems? Not that you know, that they know, because it's too expensive for you to educate them, doing the whole problem, solution, aware, garbage.

Matthias Miller  27:30
So one thing that has anecdotally come up is that they know they have trouble hiring, and their hiring processes suck. Did not expect that to show up? Did I? Of the problem that they don't know. The problem they do know is that sales are down. The thing that they don't know or aren't willing to to admit, is that they need to fire their dealers who are sitting on their on their butts, and they're in not even always talking to people who drive on the lot, and they need to replace them with real sales people. So that's what they're not willing to acknowledge. What else are they do? They perceive, I think some of them perceive this as and I think some of this is potentially true. I don't understand it fully, 2008 but the 2008 downturn the shed industry was anti or it was, was recession positive? And they've taken a hit over the last number of years? Well, some of them, some of the industry has, but the companies that are doing well, well anyway, so, but so I think some of them think it's an economic issue. There's other parts of the country where it, straight up, is super competitive. You've got large regional dealers, multiple regional manufacturers, fighting for market position.

Chris Johnston  28:52
But is there one? Is there one or two, you know, over arch, overarching problem for the industry at large that you can just say, hey, it's this to me and to Frank, there's this problem and this problem, these are the biggest problems that, in some form or fashion, they're all experiencing, or the, you know, the the overwhelming majority are experiencing,

Matthias Miller  29:17
yeah, it's, it's hiring order takers and Having an industry full of water takers instead of

Chris Johnston  29:26
closers okay, because you can't find you can't find closers, because there's just this general malaise across every labor category that's destroying everything. Did you guys see I don't know where I saw this. So, you know, the Nevada Gaming control board consolidates all their casinos as far as earnings, you know, by county and all this other stuff. And if you look at the data, all the casino business is down 40% you. The strip is vacant. I mean, I'm not a gambler, and I don't go to Vegas that much. Do a couple conventions out there every now and then, but it's vacant, and the conventions and stuff that are going on out there, nobody's spending any money. Clue number one. Clue number two, go look at the housing sales, you know, on poor resale and new construction without builder incentive. It's, I think it's 35% there. I mean, there's no volume, there's no activity, and then all of that is actually a lagging indicator, right? But okay, so we know all this pain is coming. We know what's happening at large, to the home dogs, people are going to stop spending money, right? They're definitely not going to throw money away on activities, which means anything in surplus or excess, business owner or not, that spending is stopping. I've been saying it for a year now. It's here. We all know it's coming. You know it's coming. On. It's coming. It's all kind of okay. We all know I'm already seeing the emails I went to the builder show, because they got all kinds of products and stuff out there. Just like to see kind of what's going on. And just came back from it, and you wouldn't believe all this stuff is out there, right? So it's all about just like it was back in 10, 2010 before the big ramp up renovate the house. We know the shed thing. Okay? So we kind of know that's probably going to give them some lift, but they can't find the labor that can have people that can actually close. And I know that exactly. I'm trying to replace our security. I'm trying to put CCTVs in my house. I don't want to put a bunch of Chinese camera I'm taking I get all the Chinese cameras down. I've called a bunch of companies that do home installation to put systems in even breaks. I call breaks, right? And I purposely went to the, you know, kind of vortex thing, where you put your name in so I could time to see how long it would take to get a call. Calls were instant. I got 37 robo calls from Brinks, three of which were order takers. Didn't have any functional knowledge about anything. This is Brinks that they cram down. They give you the systems. I mean, it's all, I mean, literally, just crammed you with systems of $30 a month. It's a horrible business to be in. Okay, so Matthias to drill down, are you? What are your thoughts on the initial go to market strategy? Is Matthias as the consultant virtuoso, fixing vertical, deep, ugly problems for you know, just finding the needles that can pay you, that really can pay you what you're worth. Or is it or and, or is it Matthias, the problem, solution, thing in a box in some form, whether it's after order taking or some version of reconstituting the marketing. And the reason I say that is because, the reason I say that is because, for instance, I think maybe we could all agree there's nothing new under the sun, particularly in this industry, which I have an affinity towards and like it and and makes sense, because it's straightforward, it actually provides value. It's physical. It's not flashing trash or selling pickaxes and maps and pointing people in the right direction, right the real business, real stuff. But we all know it's that core marketing that in some form you can reconstitute into something, you know, something to consider maybe, while you're doing the if you're gonna do the consulting thing on the front end is there are a plethora of finance companies that, I think you know, everyone from A firm all the way down, that, since these manufacturers and dealers can't pay the upfront, at least you could maybe bulkhead a project and then let them finance it for you, because those finance companies are all of a sudden popping out of the woodwork, and the reason why is because the interest rates now attractive for them to offer this, because now they can charge 1418, 20% interest like a credit card, because all that's gone has been gone and asleep for 10 years. That's all coming back. I got, I got a buddy that does a bunch of health care, or, I'm sorry, health gym, home gym, high end home gym equipment. He's gotten 10 offers from various boutique finance companies for, I mean, you name it, but I just something to think about that, combining that so they can afford, you know, your $100,000 a year package, or whatever is or $50,000 a year package, and this includes a media buy, the Matthias system. And. Management of it. Let's say I'm talking about deal by deal, not trying to ramp up some gigantic enterprise, because you're not prepared to do it and but that that could take some of the pain off of what's going on. And so the question back to the question. Just think about that, if you would. But what do you what do you perceive as the best go market strategy for you now, between bathias the consultant virtuoso or Matthias the product solution.

Matthias Miller  35:36
Well, if we're, I mean, I guess here's the thing that I hesitate with a little bit is that it seems like, if people are struggling, it seems like the perfect end for a business in a box type of or like a tactical triangle takeover type of thing, like, why go fix manufacture issues, when for relatively small amount of money you can, you can go roll out your own, your own campaigns, and hire your own salespeople or and potentially,

Frank Michel  36:15
yeah, I guess the question is, will they Right? I mean,

Chris Johnston  36:21
are you, are you suggesting that you would go out? I mean, you would be, you would be a distributor. That

Frank Michel  36:26
what you're saying, yes, okay. I mean, say, say again, talking about that, yeah, you lost me. You lost me there.

Matthias Miller  36:37
So what you mean by distributor in this model,

Frank Michel  36:40
yeah, what did you mean by that? Chris, what? What part? Well, what did you mean by be a distributor, go out and rally up a bunch of manufacturers. And Matthew

Chris Johnston  36:54
saying he's like, Well, I know how to fix it. What do I need to go fix anybody else for I can just take my own secret sauce and go solicit manufacturers one or more. I don't know how that works, but assuming is that what you're saying Matthias is you. You might as well watch your own campaign and put your own system together and make your own assuming you can negotiate a reasonable offline you know, revenue, share, profit commission and probably gonna be worth it. Oh,

Frank Michel  37:25
no. So that's why I was wondering if the thought was more so we can, but Matt Matthias can button up a a simple to deploy product, quote, unquote, so find the problem, go do this. Good luck to you pay me a fee, versus hands on fix, versus just do it for ourselves. And that's kind of where the hot seat discussion was. Was like, Well, okay, we can end up just buying these things. I'm a little concerned about that margin space.

Chris Johnston  38:00
Yeah, way too. I mean, just if you guys, I wouldn't do that if you're

Matthias Miller  38:08
a but if you, if you, if your position is your own retail brand, and you treat the manufacturer as a wholesaler. You should be hopefully you can extract more of the you know, extract more of the pie that way. But the other, the other thing I'm slightly concerned about is, let's take a giant step back. Is there, is there a market within the shed industry that, at the moment, is growing at 10% or more a year, and if we are genuinely in a multi year slowdown in the industry, Am I doing the wrong thing by trying to feed myself off of this, this industry, industry,

Chris Johnston  39:10
that's a good question. And my spidey sense is yes. So the other day, we had a conversation that you weren't even there to defend yourself in. And we both, we both agreed emphatically that Matthias, Matthias, you're like the You're like the CEO of Coca Cola showing up to fix some Junkyard Dog God's business. You know what I mean? I mean it's like, you're so far. I mean, I've heard you speak for six months. You know, it's like, golly man, yeah, I don't, I know. I mean, I Yeah, that's the right question. I don't a little nerve wracking. I mean, if you can't make 30 to 50k a client. Uh, either buttoning up some things, and they're not going to do what you say. They're not going to fix what you because they're all Brooks. It's kind of like the whole Seth Godin look at the system, like if you go back and read some of his old stuff from like, Purple Cow. I had to go do that because I got so wrapped up in all this info marketing garbage. And everyone's got their systems and triangles and in 8020s and all and everything, everybody's got all the answers. And I just, I started getting so confused. I started running around trying to do what Bob said in our last round table, or last, yeah, our last round table was probably one of the smartest things I have heard, including Perry, when Bob said, you're running around with a you're running around with a toolbox trying to find something to fix. And that hit me like a ton of bricks. And I just It took me a while to admit that was like, What am I doing? Keep trying to take all these tools and slap them into something. Good question, but you know how to organize this group or within segments of the group and do what you want with them, provided they can pay you. I don't think that's the issue your profitability potentially is, and I wanted you to shift the risk. I told you that the very beginning about doing consulting work just to, like, throw some, you know, throw some dollars at the machine so you can kind of keep it going. Because I know that whole route. I mean, Nothing's worse than walking through the desert. You keep pouring money into just to pay for the overhead of what you you know, when you tear stuff down. It's like, what am I doing? So look at Frank, and I, Frank and I have been on the hunt too, like you wouldn't believe. And we both have investable capital. We both have all kinds of stuff and we can't find it. We told we'd have pulled your butt in into something if we had it right, right? I mean, there'd be no doubt about it, yeah, this is too smart. I mean, it's just the guy knows how to figure stuff out. And here he is. He's wrestling with this. He's got too much information and ability and skill and toolboxes, and he's just generally highly intelligent. That is, you got to be mindful of that. And so, Frank, what do you think? No, I'm with you. Matthew says, Tom,

Frank Michel  42:30
yeah. I mean, I think it's the challenge of knowing an industry deeply knowing you can fix. It needs to be fixed. I think the real estate doesn't want to be fixed. Doesn't want to be Yeah, well, let's look at what happens, like, if it doesn't fix over time, what is it going to happen? We know we're going to lose, like, whatever percentage of dealers are going to go out of business? Yeah, right. And then that is guaranteed.

Matthias Miller  43:00
And fall, then the manufacturer falls.

Frank Michel  43:02
Manufacturers fall. But what will happen is that business will come back someday as something, meaning, okay, if just like when, when the real estate cycles shut the bed before, after everyone got their heads on straight, even with the credit crisis, Home Depot and Lowe's took off, because people are like, okay, we're not moving, we're fixing up the house. So I don't know, does the shed business respond that way, or is the shed business driven by new home sales? I have no idea how to even answer that myself, but and then I guess I would have two questions, is, on the dealer side, do we have a feel for average revenue, like, how big are they to begin with? And the shed world, there should be some sort of trade association data that tells us what the growth rates are on

Matthias Miller  44:00
it there, there is that. And it's a check for about five grand or something to get it. And I don't have access to that, Chris, I know you've got sources over there too.

Frank Michel  44:12
And there's gotta be something like, start digging, I don't know, pitch

Matthias Miller  44:18
on the other side. Okay,

Frank Michel  44:20
go ahead. Now, go ahead. On

Matthias Miller  44:22
the on the dealer side, being a million dollar dealer is considered so independent sales people. There's, there's a few folks I know who, within the last five years have had three or $3 million years. There's one guy who claims 10 he's got some kind of market, some kind of sales assistant doing that, and he's definitely, definitely a unicorn. Most dealers will be stressed, pounding your chest and patting your backs and strutting violently if they, if they break a million, like million, maybe two. So it. That's in total revenue. So, so they're what the dealer's actual income is, is, you know, maybe, maybe 100 maybe 10 or K a year.

Chris Johnston  45:10
Anecdotally, how many dealers are there and how many manufacturers are there? Again,

Matthias Miller  45:15
about 10 to 20,000 dealers, manufacturers. Has been a lot harder to get a count. We think maybe about 2500 but no, it's probably not. I don't know what. It's hard to find a number on that. Well, if you but if you estimate that most companies so so 8020, there's one company that's got probably, probably close to eight. Well, I don't know, five to 10,000 dealers, and then you've got companies down to just having one or two dealers. So I, I don't know what the

Chris Johnston  45:57
I don't know half of that. Guys just say it's half of that. Say it's or say it's a third of that it's totally saturated every every dealer needs a big and those are standalone dealers, Matthews stand alone

Matthias Miller  46:13
that we could sell. I mean, this sounds really dumb and simple, but sell a $50 a month subscription membership to these guys and give them sales training. And here's how you generate free leads. And

Chris Johnston  46:29
on the leads I just said, on the lead, man, I would get leads. I must have forgotten this. I would work up the leads. I did, maybe consider a version of what you just said earlier. I'd get a small group of people I know. I met a guy that is an outsourced call center, and he only hires handicapped people that are blind, and he's actually at a PA Frank. I told you about him. Yeah, I know him like, I don't know him. Well, I don't I mean he just, he was a referral of a referral of a friend of mine, this guy, because I was looking at buying a call center because, like to me, that's where a bottleneck is and everybody's business. So how do I build out big call centers? Again, right? Anyway, long story short, you can hire five of them or 500 of them, but he's got a pretty cool business. Anyway, if you just did what my friend did when he sold his credit card lead gen company, like 15 years ago. He's been out forever, but he sold it for two, 50 million bucks, and he sold it to for anyway. I could even look it up, but anyway, he's a buddy of mine. Long story short, he figured out how to really work. He would work instead of just selling just, you know, Robo leads, like most do, yeah, he worked the leads up personally. So the lead cost was, I think you remember when all the credit like in oh 809, where all the credit card like NB USA, and all those big, like absurd credit card companies for B and C credit, you know that would give you large balances. The average lead cost was like $250 but they worked them up, right? They do the credit card offer. They work it up. They get them on the phone, talk to them the shed that that's the shed business from right then and there, and just sell $250 leads. Look, they're they're ready to make appointments. I thought about doing that in the generator business, you know, the home generator business, because it's absolutely exploded and they can't, they're not enough. They're too many independents out there trying to hock, you know, caller or Hawk, you know, Generac or whatever. And I looked at building out an ecosystem of that with a guy that's got a, you know, if you need electricians, and they're like, oh my god, we got so many orders. It's like the Lucille Ball, you know, chocolate roller thing, right? They can't. They got so many orders at 15,000 bucks a pop, or a 24 kilowatt system. But they can't delegate. They're all on drugs or, you know, geeked out. They can't get because you got to have a master electrician get it in there, and they got to coordinate, because most of them are gas right. So, you know, and I keep butting around that, but I kind of dealt with the same thing. And, you know, having a lot of construction background and the stuff that I've done, I kind of some good contacts. I can't cobble it together because it's too complicated. I can't figure it out, and I've been trying to figure it out by the year. I can't, along with other little pet projects. But long story short, that that lead, that's what they want, and they're also stupid and simple. It's like, just buy the dang lead. You want to buy the leads. And, you know, whatever over city. I mean, I don't know, just whatever meaning, Hey, okay, here they are. You got them. Here's the profile, the lead. Here, you give them a care sheet, one page care sheet. We talked to them 27 different times. We sent them this stuff. And just sell the go to whoever you want it. You know how to deal with what am I telling you for? You know what to do, but that I would rather do that with 15 people.

Matthias Miller  50:13
So one question I have on that I have a meeting at the top of the hour, and I need to duck out in about four minutes here to ready for that. Yep, that's one tactical question, and this is a who question. Who do I talk to? Because I know from conversations with a large dealer in this in this manufacturing the Southeast, and based on personal experience that handoff is a major issue with that. So if the, if the other person, well, maybe, maybe I can solve this myself, but as long as the dealer can, oh, it's as simple as this, give them a CRM. Work it within the CRM, but they don't see any belief in the CRM until they're ready, and then they can use the same phone number and reach out and close them, right?

Chris Johnston  51:05
Yeah, what you use? You use high level for that, so you can manage the back end of everybody's system and you you just turn it on. I did a version of that with a guy that I helped that was raising capital, and it was two or three of them. And what I did was just divide up how the investor sequencing would work when they were doing their reg D stuff. And so I used high level. So I paid a guy out in tech. I don't, I don't know how to use it, but I paid a guy like three grand and Texas great guy. He built the whole thing out. And so what I had was Mission Control with high level. And everybody had their own CRM. And so I could just open up the door, poof, and it would automatically show up. And then there was a yes, that's all. And it took him, like, two weeks. I mean, that was easy, yep. God, that was five or six years ago. So, I mean, yeah, you could do that, and you could control, have you seen high level? I mean, you can do some crazy, like, control, like, so that, and you're a tech guy, so you would know better than anybody. So yeah, but to me, those leads are incredibly valuable. I mean, hundreds of dollars, hundreds of dollars, I wouldn't sell debt. I wouldn't sell deadly. I mean appointment set, right? I mean, so that version of that that has, yeah, tell

Matthias Miller  52:30
me what your calendar is, and we'll tell you. And this is when, yeah, because nobody wants to do appointment setting either. These guys are

Chris Johnston  52:39
no but the RIA business changed. The wholesaler business did the same thing. The retirement guys didn't want to cold call anymore, and they used to hire Betty booze that sat in an office and banged out cold calls for the financial professionals right to sell retirement products. That whole thing kind of up and died because nobody wanted to do it anymore. There's only a few less that would do it. They moved to an outsource model, because you got to be careful with the securities industry. But that, that, what I'm saying is, is the proof of concept has already been done. That's a big like. That's a big shift to have somebody same thing investment in something for their house, same thing, same thing. Yeah. And those leads on average, $500 per appointment, at least, at least so, I mean, I see a number anecdotally between Yeah, that one, depending on how much you're willing to work it up, if you get it to the appointment, that's a $250 plus probably more.

Matthias Miller  53:43
Well, I mean, but is it really? Because I'm a $7,500 so it's 750 maybe you have to close 50.

Chris Johnston  53:49
Absolutely. Matthew, yeah, you just did, if you did two ledgers and said you gotta, if you had to spend this amount of media the average pull through six months, you're going to spend that, dude, you're going to spend triple that just trying

Frank Michel  54:04
to get emotional. I mean, yeah, I mean, the conversion is going to be so much higher, right, right for them. I mean, that's why I was trying to think, and I'm right making those. I'm like, okay, the manufacturers got better margin to play with, but if he's in a dealer system, we got this, and

Chris Johnston  54:21
then Matthias just do a bid environment manufacturers. Oh,

Frank Michel  54:27
okay, sorry, yeah, no, no, no, you're right. I was just gonna, no, I was gonna ask you the question, like, Matthias, like, twice a month, could say, here's the bids that are up for sale to his dealer network or manufacturer network, and they can,

Chris Johnston  54:45
they can buy him or not, because these guys are all going to compete, right? So if I'm, if I'm a just first fire, it's a $380 lead here, your 15 minute guys XYZ profile here in this city. If anyone's interested in talking into Mr. Jones or redacted, or whatever, you know, click here and buy it. There's no There's no bid, just buy it and that then just buy it. Yeah, fear of missing out will overtake everybody. And then when the and then you, when you do it back that you can say, look, they closed the deal $8,500 shed sale, that there's your your FOMO, you'll sell every single lead. There will be no inventory, because that's like you said, that's a problem. You can't find a closer. You can't find anybody to work. But if you managed it yourself, and you did it with some high quality and I'll find that guy, if he actually move forward with it, I'll, I'll find his contact and make the introduction. The reason I liked him is because the guy's been doing it 30 years, and all he has ever done, if he's expensive, it's not a dumpy call center in the Philippines. They're all local American but they're people with major disabilities, and so they need to earn a living, and they want to be independent, brilliant. He what he built his moat is he designed screens and systems, and he has them made somehow, and he puts them in their house and all that stuff, and he makes a good living farm. Makes a million bucks a year, and he's running around Frank, I bet you probably know people that know him, because he's kind of in your world up there, running around some of those guys. Reason, he's kind of a he's not a salesman at all, like he can't sell because I was, like, my lower body's company. This is fantastic. But he anyway. So he's got these screens, and he trains them, and the people that hire him are only people that want, like, deep dive stuff. So in other words, these, these folks with these disabilities will really learn the product, learn the stuff. I mean, think about it. That's like, oh my gosh, that's a that's a chicken dinner right there, and the people want to talk on the phone and all that, because I thought about doing that in the assisted living side, because they're having the same problem, and bringing them in to do that, just hire, you know, four or five of them and just see, you know, how it goes. I mean, that's easily going to cost, you know, three, 4000 bucks a month. But okay, it's fine if you build something like that out, because I want to do a profit share with him so I wouldn't lose him. But I never got my act together, and I couldn't figure it out. But anyway, that, to me, could be something really interesting that you've come up with, if you did a version of that for sure.

Matthias Miller  57:35
So you've got, I mean, the interesting thing like that there is, you've got people who, who have a are willing to work for less to have the kind of work that they can do and be fulfilled in. And the thing, the other thing I love about it is that when it comes to verbal sensitivity and nuance, which 90% of dealers don't have they suck at it like they I mean, some of them say they can close on the phone, but 90% of them say they have to see people face to face to close them. And when you've got somebody who has a handicap like that, they're attuned to voice, emotion, inflection, speed, personality, all that kind of stuff, in a way that, yeah, nobody else is. And

Chris Johnston  58:26
if you're going to hard code it in the industry, you could probably do it yourself. I mean, you could probably do it a version of that on your own, like once you figure it out, rather than relying on a third party to manage that. Okay, so let

Matthias Miller  58:37
me run this from the top. So

Frank Michel  58:43
you're okay on time, the time, yeah, the

Matthias Miller  58:46
guy, the guy's, hasn't messaged me back, so I'm good, okay, and I can probably bump him too. So, so we run Facebook ads, come up with some kind of brand, and we may actually want to run these as local I might be a little crazy here, but I think we want to run them as local brands, and make it look like a local business, like, I don't know, Gainesville shed company or whatever, and it's running under that Facebook page. Obviously you're linking pixels together and all this other kinds of stuff, and maybe that's too much advantage. Feeds into GHL. We have SMS and at some point outbound AI automation, if we can get that dialed in to warm them up. We got email automation, all that stuff. Get them warmed up. We can get dealer email addresses, scrape off Google Maps listing, and we can just drop them cold emails and say, look, we got this guy who's looking to buy a shed. And, you know, obviously they can opt out. You. Uh, but onboarding dealers, and it's easy, they click in, create an account, buy the lead and and close them. And if you want to, and, and, or need to, you could give them, like, I don't know, 500 or $1,000 of credit or whatever the right amount is, maybe that's too much. First 10 leads and percent off, or

Chris Johnston  1:00:28
I wouldn't do any of that at all. I know you're short on time, so I'll give you my top down after thinking about it. I will just for your consideration. One I would only do this with manufacturers, screw dealers, because the dealers, the manufacturers, want people that can close and you can charge probably 30% more for the lead for the ones that can deliver if they can't. I guess if you were to look at your you know better than anybody, but I would go to them first, and I wouldn't do I wouldn't run ads like you're talking about. The first thing I would do, I would aggregate the emails from I finally, you know, we can go to Columbia, the Columbia books, and see which associations that the all these manufacturers are part of, get by the email list for a couple 100 bucks. I would do a newsletter that you could write tomorrow, just a short one, that, hey, look, this is what we do. We sell leads and another lead seller and say, Hey, we explain how we do it. Spend three or four months explaining and just warming them up in the emails, in the newsletter, and say, Here's way we do this. Here's a way you get a lead. Here's why we do this. And you can pepper in the cost of that lead is 250 bucks, 300 bucks, I wouldn't discount. I would rather you develop 10,000 lead. You know, 5000 quality leads a month at 250 bucks. You got your problem solved. I would rather you do super high. That's what. That's what my buddy Mark did. I mean, super high end, solid. You're just trying to get the meeting. You're not going to close the shed. You're going to get the meeting that says, Yep, I definitely want to do this. And here the reasons why I want to book this meeting, because I'm thinking about making a purchase in the next 90 days, 60 days, 30 days tomorrow, whatever is you'll have the reasons why. And you could basically just explain how you would build that process out in the newsletters, and then they're calling you to talk to you, and you can pick and choose who you want to, you know, trial balloon this with and they just do it, or spend the next 60 days just writing about, all you're doing is writing about the internal sales process you would use to have these people do it, because they're not receiving anything like that. Rather than making an offer today, just make an offer. Hey, you want to join. You know, this is what you know, what we do, or whatever. Just approach, you know, the cats, we all know, the garbage info, marketing stuff. Hit the problem. Nothing is worse than you know, it's one thing to find new deals. It's even harder to find someone that will actually get a close for you. That's what you go out on. You send an email out. Join the list. We will outline a bunch of stuff you can learn about. Make a community making Association. I know for a fact, I remember trying to find one. There is no consolidated dead Manufacturing Association anywhere. There's a bunch of different building and shed and Butler building type. There are a handful of them because I found them. But I was like, it's a part of other associations, like a division of different associations. If you just had, you don't do an association, but if you just had, you know, the, you know, the shed dealers and manufacturers, you know, marketing association or whatever, just some something you could go, I mean, not overly complicated, but you could take something like that and just something that you could bang out yourself, a short newsletter that addresses the problem, outlines how you solve it, you know, email by email, get some interested, get some dialog going, helps you consolidate getting more info on the problem, and then make the offer. After you give them a bunch of stuff about the problem, you know that they have, and then they're all buying your leads, versus the minute you start putting credits out there, you've commoditized it. And as its nature, those leads cannot be commoditized. You can commoditize them if they're garbage, like I can buy UCC leads financing leads people that have borrowed over 100 grand for their business, because they just scrape UCC indexes, right? So if you borrowed money, oftentimes, lenders will file this document in in in a digest or a court where the business is just as a notice that, hey, look, they borrowed money. You know, someone needs to pay us off as some title transfers, whether it's real property or it's, you know, furniture, fixture, equipment, whatever, same thing. There's millions of them, but my buddy can sell his leads at, you know, 750 bucks a pop. Well, that's my kind of business. That's that's the business you want, because no one can touch you. Nobody can touch you at that point. And you can start it small. You could literally do it yourself. You. With one person. Literally, I mean that, and just if you sold a 500 leads a month,

Frank Michel  1:05:08
well, right? So, so that you could get from your overhead covered, I think Matthias my read on when you said that Facebook or other ads was to pull the actual shed buyers versus right, the manufacturer. So I think it was just a little further down this the step chain, right? I think

Chris Johnston  1:05:28
it's more of a direct mail play. I think, I think, I think it's, I think it, I think the leaves would be garbage coming out of social media, absolute garbage. Yeah,

Frank Michel  1:05:37
I don't know. I mean, I, I have no point of reference for that, but I just, I'm just, I'm thinking, that's, that's step two, I mean, and I like the manufacturers, just because they have more margin to pay with a sale means more to them than a dealer total dollars, right? So, so they can pay more, I would assume a

Chris Johnston  1:06:05
man, they're not worried about training their dealers. They're not worried about because they're all trying to choke their dealers out

Frank Michel  1:06:10
all the time well, and they could still, they could still farm it to a local dealer to do the delivery and install and paying 5% they don't have to do anything. You know, I'm sure dealing can make more than everybody.

Chris Johnston  1:06:23
You make more than everybody, yeah,

Frank Michel  1:06:27
yeah. So basically,

Chris Johnston  1:06:29
you're moving with the system. At that point. You're not trying to butt the system. You're, you're moving with this, right?

Frank Michel  1:06:36
And you're maybe, yeah, and hand them what they need as much as you can, because the two things, I mean, the friction spots, are qualified leads and closing, and the out the poor outcomes of that is they're just burning money on marketing. That's why they all hate marketing, right? So they're all pissy about it. So if you take all those things off their table and say, Here's your, here's a here's a reasonably well to high qualified lead. Like, makes sense. The customer acquisition cost is probably the same or less, but their close rate is much higher,

Matthias Miller  1:07:16
right? Exactly, which means that a dealer can sell 3 million instead of one.

Frank Michel  1:07:19
Yeah. Yeah. So, so then you're looking at, okay, I get it. I guess my challenge is, how far can you actually qualify someone when everybody's library of sheds are different?

Chris Johnston  1:07:39
Well, he's he's marketing to the saturation. He's, he's basically, don't, he's cutting all the garbage out of it. It's all saturated. If they're, if they're 10 to 20,000 dealers and 1000 or 2000 manufacturers, dude, it is completely, it is absolutely swimming red.

Frank Michel  1:07:58
Yeah, no, I'm saying, if I'm a shed buyer prospect, and I'm in the phone center person, or I'm in the Matthias, I mean, if I'm a shed buyer, I'm Bucha, I want to see what they sell. I want to see what my options are. So like, what, how far are they really qualified, before you move them to a dealer or manufacturer, or just secret sauce. That's what, that's where

Chris Johnston  1:08:27
the secret sauce is, is this is, if he trains his if he scripts this out and says a version of, okay, I mentioned, yeah, I kind of thought about putting some kind of monstrosity in the back of my house. And I want power, and I want this. And what he has the ability to do is he don't have to have a single manufacturer on deck yet, not one. All he needs to do is put a list of the winners together that are doing serious deals, right, of all different shapes and sizes, because there's only three. I mean, you don't need to give them a freaking buffet. Know who the players are, what type of sheds, right? Small, medium, large, right? There's a little bitty one that's sits on the dirt and smells like oil and gas from the old cans all the way up to my kids going there. And they bake cookies in it, because we got power in it. We got the little Molly hobby oven in it, all this cool. I mean, whatever you got those three types. And then the consultant that they talk to is simply says, look, look, potential buyer, homeowner, you know, you don't want to get annihilated. All these people driving you crazy, and calls, and these, these morons showing up at your house. Here's what the market has. And you're just basically a guide. And then there's nothing to sell and say, and then you tell the customer, or the rep tells the customer, look, the best thing you can do is simply just say no, because if you're not, you know, I'll save you a bunch of time. Here's the stuff that's there. Here's what's available to you. Take a look at it. See it made sense. I don't want to sell you anything. It's just you. You can have a higher yes or no, and if you like one of. Those understand who get their personality from them. And then you can put it with to say, look, this manufacturer is probably better. It's what Angie's List when she went before she sold the private equity. That's how she managed her contractors. First it was every contractor, licensed or unlicensed, could register and could bid, because she she double sold the leads. And then as that began to fail, she got a savior with that first private equity that came in. And they cleaned up that process, and then they went right back. Then they sold it again, and then they went right back to selling each lead 700 times. And now everyone has dumped all over Angeles, because they're like, I will get 5000 phone calls for six months because I was interested in trying to find a plumber contractor. None of this stuff is new man zero, but if he just does a consultative, not a deep guy, because no one wants to put up with that. And it's kind of like, look, and I'd even get, I don't know, you could send out all of it. Could be some electronics, and say, Look, just get you an idea. This, this kind of let you know, you know, we're not, I'm not here to sell you, and you're not here to buy. You're here to get educated, get some information, purely educational. And then lead at that. And then think about it. In his CRM, he's, he's managing. When someone buys the lead, they get, like, a full page, you know, like a dossier, you know, it's like we had these conversations with them, so they can actually sit there and read how he moves the client up to the appointment. They're interested in this. They like this. They have this, you know, they gotta. They got a ranch style house. It's a, you know, Frank Lloyd ride jobby, they're out in the country, you know, it's kind of a cool deal. They want to put something similar out there. They'll have all the info that they need that's not about. Oh, well, we'll trade you out for bad leads and all that. You totally separate yourself from that and say what you're buying is a prospective client. I am bringing them to your front door to set that meeting. The cost to you on that could easily be 2000 bucks in staff, media, buy, resources, outsource partners, all this stuff. I've invested in it. I've already done it, and I'm providing it to you because I know how to create the I know how to create the desire, right? So you just save them six months of sales. They will buy that lead non stop. You're simply doing an education and not overwhelming. And you don't send them 50 different manufacturers. You send them three. They can get it done by this date, this kind of time. And it's like, Okay, guys, there you go. And as long as that, you know, call group or call center, whether it's two people or 200 in a room, that's what it's about. That's that's what gets it done. Because it's a big purchase, it's a serious purchase, and you get somebody you want to see out there, and the homeowner doesn't have to go through the pain of having a bunch of dingbats come out and quote and walk and have conversations with you and all that stuff. And you can cut all that stuff out. You can cut all that stuff out, all of it. That's what it all kind of goes to solve that problem, gets it right to what matters. They're producing someone that is that wants a quote that is serious. And how do they know? They can see how long you've been talking to them. They can see the narrative that's been put in that and be like, holy cow, versus just selling a name, a value of the house, the neighborhood, the gut that's just AI scraping. That's what everyone else does, and that's why that leads 250 bucks or more, I would anecdotally say it's more has to be more, probably too high. And I didn't make that deal up, man, my buddy did it, and he honed it in with credit cards and made a fortune debt. I'm not a systems guy. You are, but that is that made total sense. And there was a sea of them back in the day. Remember, I mean, you get 500 credit card offers in the mail. It was absurd. You don't get any anymore. Capitalism, the only one that doesn't. But I'm serious, I mean, in a C, and it was just about, they were willing to, they were just simply willing to do the work to work up the prospect to a target, and that's what he was delivering. He was delivering a shot. Now they started doing apps. I remember that part where they were actually taking the apps on, and that was a $1,500 I mean, that was some absurd, you know, small percentage they were closing the whole deal. I wouldn't recommend doing any of that, because I don't think it's possible. But if you're sending Intel information, information electronically, and then letting the people kind of decide if anything, you're a godsend, because it's like, here's an educator showing up to give me some stuff, and if I'm interested, I can reach back out, because you're in no rush. You. Uh, but if you've got a pipeline of those worked up meanwhile, while you're building that pipeline, you're doing a simple one page email newsletter about different ways and systems. They're not getting any emails about how to actually go get shared business. And they can't implement any of it, like you said. They can't. I mean, everything's broken, whether it's all the way from the top down, the owners, the partners, they can't figure it out. They're good old boys that made some money. I mean, you got the top 10% of winners making a million or less gross dude. And that's obvious based on those numbers, than 20,000 20,000 league or dealers, dude, no doubt about it. You fix that whole problem right then, and there you

Matthias Miller  1:15:44
remember Consumer Reports back in the 90s.

Chris Johnston  1:15:47
Oh yeah, yeah, I

Matthias Miller  1:15:49
owned the domains, the shed buyers, shed buyers guide and shed buying guide.com, but this could literally be positioned, and I don't know if that's what, how you're thinking of positioning it. There are other people who are trying to make centralized marketplaces, but if you just set this up as a so the way you're you're framing it, if I've got this right, is you're positioning this as the expert, consultative free. I just want to help consumers. I'm in it for the good of you so you don't get blasted by a bunch of knuckleheads. And and here's what you need to know, and we can walk you through the process, and, you know, fill in the blank, but you're basically just nurturing, nurturing them. And then you've got so many

Chris Johnston  1:16:33
things you can sell against and be the anti everything. Who wants to go to a marketplace about sheds and have 500 people call them and drive them crazy about getting close. That's why people don't do it, right? You are no you can, you can, you can sell against that to everybody, and not take it through the whole process. Just educate them and say, Look, here are your options. You take a look at it, and where you beat a marketplace is you said the rep simply says, if you got any questions about the stuff I'm sending you, email me back your top questions. And so think about it, that handicap person can sit there and say, Yeah, you like that shed with the dormers and this, that and the other. Let me tell you a little bit about that manufacturer that does that one, and just email them back like qualitative answers and all of that's logged, all of it's logged. No one does that. Everyone wants to make everything so efficient. Nobody gets help with anything. It's why you can't call Amazon. It's why you can't just get I do. I just want a simple question answer. I don't want to talk to a bot. I don't want to talk to it's qualitative. It's a big purchase. That's a serious, serious that's why everyone thinks they're going to blow real estate brokers out for the business with AI. Good luck. Not going to happen. Not going to happen. They thought that was going to happen when the internet, you remember what happened? Oh, the internet and red sand. Everybody who the winners? The brokers have been killing it. Heck, they got sued. You know, you know, NBL litigation over their commissions because they were double banging commissions. They control the market. So it's like, because it's a qualitative sale, you cannot dump a market, an automated marketplace. Everybody wants an auto, and anyone can create it. Got a Ukraine and a guy here, yeah, much more compelling. And that lead is so valuable, that lead is so valuable,

Matthias Miller  1:18:41
and with most of these could almost be

Chris Johnston  1:18:42
applied to anything. You could apply that to anything that is a qualitative, expensive, you know, purchase.

Matthias Miller  1:18:52
Here's the fascinating thing with this, is that most of these companies have have quoting tools in their website, and so there really is no reason why you couldn't. I mean, for some of these companies, you literally could take it all the way through to the sale.

Chris Johnston  1:19:11
But if I think I agree with you, but the only part I would disagree with is if, if, if the age, the demo, the hard demographics are skewed towards our group, maybe a little bit, maybe 10 years below us, maybe, say, from the age of 40. I think from the age of 40, that group wants a they're going to want a qualitative sale. They like to see. Okay, so the cabinet business did that for a long time, another buddy, gigantic cabinet business, custom cabinets, absolutely murder. That had, it had a manufacturing facility the whole bit, kind of like that guy was in round table, but much bigger, but they were, it was, he's much more custom. But so they had these people go out, the estimators, right? They go out there and design them. And it was kind of. Our biggest estimators weren't legit estimators, because there were only four cuts you could really do, and they could add all these trim pieces onto it. So, long story short, they go out there, but the cup and these the homes they did were generally a 500k and up, which in our market was pretty big at the time. I mean, that was a big, bigger boy house, probably today, you know, $800,000 house. So they were spending, you know, 30 grand on cabinets, on average, no matter, didn't matter what it was, a basement, finish, a kitchen, redo, whatever it's 30 to, you know, 60 grand. But what they did is, rather than just let and they were, they were build your own stuff. Then they would, you know, do the simple CAD stuff, right? They would render a 3d drawing, and then all that quote, unquote, designer estimator, who was really not a legit designer estimator, would go out there, print it out in color and kind of sit on what, let me show this, what would he look like? Kind of tape it up on the wall and look at it, and just he destroyed it. He was doing 20 million a year. So it's kind of like that. I don't think you can get away from that unless you were, yeah, like a Miller, like a like below, because you just, you want to get a better idea. And I know you can go kind of three, but you still people get a feel for, you know, who they want to work with. And I just went through it again with contractors renovating this house we bought up on the lake. Same thing. I went through a couple of contractors, and I thought I knew at all, but I tell you what, I went with a guy that was three times the price because I knew the quality was gonna be that much better. And even the beginning, I went cheap or cheaper, and I knew the guy, I just didn't have a good feeling about it. Yeah. And sure enough, I had to tear down what he did because, not because it wasn't functional. It was because it just wasn't quite right. So tear off the back of the house and had it reframed and conquered a report, and had a guy come in and Beth, I'd have spent it again. I'd have done it again. I'm not the only example, but I'm just saying that, that I think that still and that, like you said, I think franker, I mean, you said it, let the dealers go back in if you want, if the manufacturers want to have they've got contractual agreements. They want to backfill it with their dealers to, you know, last mile, the same do it. But I think you, I think it, you, it's interesting. You run with the system, but then if that actually gets horsepower, the manufacturers are going to change that system. They're going to be like, You know what? Dealers, we're going to pay you a slotting fee, or a set fee to go in and do something that changes the whole dynamic. I'm not saying you have to be the guy, but like that would be your fault. You just you're you're solving an issue and changing a system that they don't realize. They'll change it for you. You don't have to go change, because that's the scary part. Is you don't want to go trying to change a system or how things are done around there you but you sure as have to fix everything else. I think even if you had a handful, if you just had a handful, you don't want manufacturer, he's going to try and lock you in. Hey, man, let's do a contract like, Can we, can I get a better price and I promise to buy them all, or whatever? I mean, you are, you are, at that point you got the candy. You got candy. Control the client, control the deal. It's an appointment. Have you guys seen that? Frank, you remember this? The guys, a couple, they've been doing it for like five years. So they're these black box marketing guys. They're really just media buy companies. But they sell financial. They sell financial, you know, retirement Ria, independent advisor type leads. So people that are looking to maybe ship their portfolio around, look at talking to advise and take on their retirement, you know, or someone's moving their 401, k into a self directed deal or whatever, and they charge a black box fee. It's like 10 grand a month. They work them up, yeah, and they do all kinds of shady stuff, and most of them are like total shaders. They're all making money, I mean, because financial people hate to get on the phone, and they hate doing the meetings. They hate doing they loathe it. And now it's so systemic in every industry everywhere you're just fixing something with a group of people, presumably, that you could really, you could really hump it, and I think the industry will grow. I don't know what I don't I mean, I know the whole Perry 10% be I don't listen. If he ever would just relied on that everybody would be broke. I think he's right, but I don't think that's doable for most of us trying to hunt and develop new business opportunities. A 10% growth of anything a year is just Oh yeah, and that's great for the marketing guru to tell us, and to find and to get involved in and show success. I don't think that's I don't think it's possible if there's, if there's a deeper margin and a way to shift like this. Shape shift, but you're fixing a problem that is 10 years in the making and broken because nobody wants to work.

Frank Michel  1:25:09
Yeah, I think, I think there's a mitigating factor to the 10% i i think the, I think the shed business, you'd have to look at it as an average growth rate because of the swings right over a decade the other which it probably has, right? I mean, the shed business, yeah, I mean, we weren't talking about sheds 10 years ago, right? So, I mean, they're out there and they're being done, but I mean, now everyone wants a shed. So I think they over time, they probably get to it or cover it. The other thing is, it's fragmented and old, right? So keyword fixing, fixing fragmentation with, and I love the friction idea, because that's exactly it. They don't know how to get qualified leads in, and they don't know how to convert them. So if we, you're removing that friction point and saying, Here you want it, pay me for it. Great. I'll go to another one. And then you already have it, and it just goes from there. So got it. So really, you're, you know, even if we're not like the real target growth rate for the industry, defragmenting and cutting out a whole step for for your part, I mean, in my mind, it kind of starts to make up for it where the industry is lacking. Yeah, I mean, and maybe being again, not that far from Lancaster and all that, I see a lot of shed stuff. But, you know, I presume it's that way most suburban places. It's not an urban issue. It's a, you know, suburban and rural business.

Frank Michel  1:27:05
Yeah. I mean, I can't really find a problem with anything you were running through there, Chris, because I just think that's what the industry. I think they would throw their hands up and be like, Yeah, all right, I'll pay 250 I would. Or Yeah, well, why wouldn't you? Great. That's why we pay

Chris Johnston  1:27:27
focused on my building and all that. Yeah, man, if, I mean, if I am hard focused on building this stuff, and I've got a manufacturing facility with this stuff, I am beating up my dealers, non stop. That model has been around the fourth oldest profession. I mean, it let the let the jobers run around and try and figure it out. I'm focused on because the job was, can't run around and figure this out. They want the money or the infrastructure to put together a manufacturing facility, you need to leave broker, same thing. I mean, it's, it's all that, that ecosystem clear, what doesn't exist is what potentially could, you know, could be created here, very small, very kind of, you know, not a whole lot of risk in there, up and running and making it work. And if he's making himself attractive, listen, he he could pick up a couple consulting gigs along the way, if he's just communicating all this marketing stuff, he just, if you design your your your your marketing process, and you just simply give the whole thing to them, and it's super complex. And here, here's another method. You could do this. Try this. Tell your dealer. Do that. Did it. No one will ever execute on it, but they'll see you're an authority. A lot to take on, but it's like, just do it one pager, one pager on sub stack or whatever. I hate all that stuff. I wouldn't want to do it there. I would just send out an email. I do a farm guy. Does you know his name? Kevin? Get his name, but and just, and just crush it, yeah, I can't remember his name, but that, yeah, just simple, just text. Here it is. Here says, off. You know, you should be looking at this. They'll read it.

Matthias Miller  1:29:19
They'll read it. The, the only wrinkle I have in this whole thing is where to buy. The list of manufacturers,

Frank Michel  1:29:30
we'll find that I can, we can? We can, yeah, I mean, I don't know. I mean, I just the demo software. I was just on gratis demo yesterday. I don't know if you've seen them, Chris, but

Chris Johnston  1:29:46
oh yeah, I told the trigger I just, since I'm already using invent, I was like, it's so good, but they're expensive, man, it's like

Frank Michel  1:29:55
28 for the full boat.

Chris Johnston  1:29:59
You can get cheaper than. That they, I think they had offered, yeah, you can get it cheaper than that, but still, yeah, you're going to pay five figures for it.

Frank Michel  1:30:07
Yeah, so, I mean, but, but, I think it beats the snot out of pitch book.

Chris Johnston  1:30:14
Well, pitch book is scraping. Pitch book is a raw scraper that they've got a million people. They claim they're really not. I mean, it destroys pitchfork because grotta, if you remember to their parent company, is also behind what's the name of it? Gravy.

Frank Michel  1:30:34
Oh, it is. They're doing all that

Chris Johnston  1:30:36
wicked out brain, all that they got, all that ugly, deep, dark data. They've been mining data forever. It's obvious. They're scraping, I mean, they're they're pulling up executives emails in the in searches. Scary, yeah. So I got deeper, when I was looking deeper in the pet space at the manufacturing side, and I was looking at that, I did a grotta, because inven basically does a version of that. It basically is a scraper. It's scraped, and then it gets your crunch space. Is an absolute scraper. Pitch book is a scraper plus, and they organize the data, and they get some documents, but, but, but pitch book, am I right? They're, they're the con queen right now, but pitch

Frank Michel  1:31:23
book isn't I mean, they they started, and they still are PE focused. But I mean, if I'm going out the shirt said shed manufacturers, is pitch book going to call to me? No,

Chris Johnston  1:31:34
no, no. The way to get pitch book, I'm sorry, the way to get the manufacturers is what I was doing for Matthias early on, which was the trade I went and, yeah, I just went to the trades. I went to my Columbia subscription and found me so a couple associations that had some you have to still put it together. But there's that. There's like, three or four big associations that these guys are a part of, and you just, you just gotta buy on the list, and you gotta come through them, but they're all there. It's all there. Just, it's just some lift work, yeah. And the good news is, it's not in one place. It's just, you know, take a month or so to put it all together, but it's totally there. All of them are there. They're all there.

Frank Michel  1:32:21
It's final. I mean, what they showed me with, with grotta,

Chris Johnston  1:32:29
I got, oh and listen, oh, I forgot the other thing. Just get a guy on Fiverr to use his LinkedIn thing, and he'll, they'll combine. I have a dude back. They're not on LinkedIn, on

Matthias Miller  1:32:40
Facebook and Google Maps,

Chris Johnston  1:32:44
the manufacturers, yeah, yeah, fine. Those guys I got, I mean, there's so many, it's scary. What I mean, these guys in Pakistan, all the stuff that they figure out. I mean, I got a bunch of banks, small bank. I mean, I've got all kinds of crazy lists and intel on banks. I had a guy put together a list for me that would have taken me four months to do. He did it in like a week.

Frank Michel  1:33:08
Give them a login. Just give them a login to Thomas register. They can piece it together that way. I mean, for

Chris Johnston  1:33:14
Thomas, yeah, Thomas net, they're all on Thomas net. I guarantee it. Yeah, definitely. There's a matter of fact. No,

Frank Michel  1:33:24
they're, they're suppliers are there too. So even if you have to go circuitously, you can get all their, all their suppliers too. So, oh yeah, no doubt about it.

Matthias Miller  1:33:34
Good point. Buy a list from suppliers or something like that. I mean, I go on The Shed Business Journal is probably the most consolidated list, but if I go on there, they have a supplier directory, I mean, Union Grove lumber. That's obviously regional, but they're sponsoring the shed podcast. Like, how many of these guys would sell you their list? Or is that a bad idea?

Chris Johnston  1:34:01
I just don't think you have to buy it from someone else. I think you can really do I think you can really do your I think

Frank Michel  1:34:08
I think they might just tell you, say, who's your, hey, who's your top 10 manufacturers. They might just tell you,

Chris Johnston  1:34:22
I would, I would. I would encourage you to not worry about the list that don't worry about the list that's not, that's not gonna be the hard part. I

Frank Michel  1:34:36
mean, I'll, I'll even take it to a silly part. So Chris, because I emailed you this about this annoying architectural firm of our the brand new lines working with I just jumped on chat GTP and said, Give me all the architectural acquisitions for the past 12 months, and now it refuses to give you a full list until you beat it up several. Times, but it pulled me a dozen, you know, and two of which are in the region. So I'm like, okay, you know, let's look here. So there's, there's, like, basic, down and dirty ways to do it. Then there's really things like, okay, these guys are members of this trade association. Yeah, trade associations will rent you their their email list a lot of times. You can also run an ad or an email ad really cheap to them, you know, saying, here we are qualified lead quality consolidators for the shed industry, you know, run by a guy with X number of years in the shed consulting business today. Then they start finding you without actually having to, you know, having to go there. You could also piggyback. I think if

Chris Johnston  1:35:53
he really wants to remain in this industry and really bake himself in, if he is better off building his list. It is not going to be a year's worth of work. It's going to be, like a month. And then he's got everyone he can look at every deal. He can really hone in on who he wants to play with. You know, in phase one, phase two, phase three, because I'm a total proponent of he can get little something like this going, like, warm it up. And while he's doing that, he's an authoritative figure when no one's sending this kind of stuff out that's got any detail. And the minute they talk to him, if he doesn't over talk him, because he's smart, he's, I mean, he's going to be a known quantity faster than cold calling. I mean, it's just and then he's got this, he'll have a much better list. Now, if he's not, okay, fine. I'm all for just picking up the list, but I think the association lists, yeah, all that can be rented and and you probably get a bunch of people that he didn't want to talk to on there. But, yeah,

Frank Michel  1:36:57
right, but I agree, yeah, there's there's there, and there's a lot of definitely

Chris Johnston  1:37:02
all on Thomas net. I just, I mean, I just, I mean, you know that's but that's free. I mean, you can get on there and just, you can look at it. I just got on it and it was like, I mean, there's, like, 150 of them, and I haven't even, like, sorted anything or trying to figure it out. I'm looking at it right now. I mean, you, I bet you most of them are going to be here, but I would still want to go to the associations, because I want to see who's really got the gas on this thing. And heck, if you're buying good data, you can start putting that in a newsletter, and look here the top people that are this. You know. I mean, there's all kinds of reasons. It's obviously easy for us to sit here and come up with a million ways to make it more complicated, make it bigger, but I'm I'm talking about a one to three man band. You just knock this thing out and make real coverage and not spend $1 don't spend it all. You start putting that you start putting that stuff out from halfway decent coffee. Forget. Don't close your mind with all this info, marketing garbage, just what you know and you know where the pain points are. Don't worry about tactical triangles and all that stuff. Just you get it out there that think of all the people successful to know anything about any of that stuff. You've got a real straightforward potential, you know, authority build an offer that I can even, I don't even think you have to sell. I mean, I think it's just you want to participate or not? Well, hell yeah, I do. You tell me one qualified prospect that I can make an appointment and send either my dealer rep or my rep out credibility, done, done, done. No one else is

Matthias Miller  1:38:51
doing it. So would you one? As far as the nurture system and nurture sequence, would you start building that out right away? You would you wait until you sign up

Chris Johnston  1:39:08
the nurture sequence is you? Is you come the nurture let's remove all this garbage. To me, the nurture sequence, quote, unquote is simply, this, is, this is, you know, have you guys seen the latest stats on first email that goes out? Have you guys seen the latest stats on the shift in in home values or home sales and people that are looking to invest renovations in and outside the home? Check this out. Boom. Are. What are you talking about?

Matthias Miller  1:39:44
On the, on the So, so we've got, we've got a lead gen, I mean, we got lead gen dialed in on the on the actual lead gen side, I've

Chris Johnston  1:39:56
on the target customer, the target customer,

Matthias Miller  1:39:58
on the consumer. And but, but, and we've built out, we build out some manual sales processes, but we haven't built out any form of automation, automated nurture of any kind, on on the consumer end. Is there any, any should be taking, taking a look at any options, as far as I mean,

Chris Johnston  1:40:27
that's just as simple. Isn't that not just as simple? What's the first question that matters? How do I increase my home value? How do I do this? What do I want to do? I mean, all of those the subject matter are the obvious questions that are going to serve their interest and calls and as they all say, right, raises the hand and has them make a step forward. All that's easy, all that subject matter, yeah. Did you see that? You know, 26% of all homes have a a 11% increase in value when they build a shed that has x.

Chris Johnston  1:41:17
It's that sort of stuff. I

Chris Johnston  1:41:26
What are the three ways if you are building a shed to get it approved through your HOA, read this. I mean sex kind of stuff. I mean, I could do that all day. That's so easy. There's 100 sequences you could come up with, right, right,

Frank Michel  1:41:43
right, right, right. I get it. And really, once we're pulling them into the call center, you're probably, you know, once they get on a phone with somebody, or somebody gets then, you know, it's probably one, one, maybe two phone calls before they're ready to be handed off.

Chris Johnston  1:42:07
I don't like, where is the next man cave headed outside the house, not in the basement. I mean, there's like, my gosh, I could do that full value

Matthias Miller  1:42:16
when with man caves is, I mean, you, you can, you can have a you can get your man cave and justify it because of home value. Or, you know, whatever it

Chris Johnston  1:42:26
is, we could kick, I bet between the three of us, we could come up with a home I mean, you couldn't get it all.

Matthias Miller  1:42:33
There's a, there's a guy from subversion summit a few years ago who's doing all the SEO stuff like you could just have chat GBT or some other two lunch or, I don't know where you go out, go for the stuff, but go find all the highly ranked SEO articles on, on sheds, off of shed websites, blog articles and stuff like that. And, I mean, through your topics, that's what people want to know, etc.

Chris Johnston  1:43:00
Yeah. So, all right, so you got that, you got the subject matter, which is what matters, right? That that there's your lead gen, and then it's what, what platforms you want it to, where you want it to go, how much of it you want to be, what are you willing to invest in? Is a straight Facebook I just, I am nervous about the qualitative function of what Facebook is putting up. Maybe I'm wrong, but as an outsider, not a media buyer, not someone that does that stuff every day, everyone I've talked to over the past year, all I hear and all different sales spaces and in businesses from even real estate, garbage, garbage, garbage, garbage. I wouldn't want to work in this. Won't offend anybody. But, you know, like in my market again, we got a bunch of Indians that live, you know, in different pockets in the city, and they are possibly notorious for getting 8000 bids on stuff and trying to work everybody down and then not do anything, wasting everyone's time. People avoid Indian neighborhoods like the plague. Same with the Muslims. Same thing. Okay, so, you know, nobody wants to get a perpetual foreign born tire kicker. And from what I hear, a lot of leads, I mean, could be wrong, maybe that, maybe you can isolate them better and pay from pay for more whatever. But don't know if that's the and I'm not just being an old school proponent of direct mail, but versions of different. And then maybe there are other maybe they're not other media platforms you can use. Maybe you have to use. I mean, it's, I think Facebook will be the best.

Matthias Miller  1:44:49
Yeah, Google ads is highest by workspace.

Chris Johnston  1:44:53
Yeah, yeah. I think you can scoop up high by intent and but those keywords probably aren't horribly. Expensive. I mean, they can't be, they can't be as expensive as the mortgage leads. Are you we're

Matthias Miller  1:45:05
getting about $25 per for CPA or Cpl.

Chris Johnston  1:45:11
That's, I mean, 25 bucks.

Matthias Miller  1:45:15
And then if you nurture them, and, you know,

Chris Johnston  1:45:20
I think if you've got a 30% cost index total, you're you're looking, you're looking, yeah, you're looking at about a 30, 35% you're killing it. And you got all the leads you can, you can afford to buy and buy, buy, and that includes non search based. But, I mean, obviously search based is good. I just don't know how far the chain. I think you're right. Google ads is the natural source to go to in the way you can push that out across all their lead networks and all that stuff and to keep getting better. I mean, you know that stuff,

Matthias Miller  1:45:59
I think Facebook is viable as as a stage too, potentially, especially, especially if you're nurturing them up to a call and then you can, you can send conversion events based on how far they get down the funnel. I don't know if anybody in the space doing Google or doing YouTube, there

Chris Johnston  1:46:18
is a, by the way, there is a, and I don't know what the cost is, but there is a there's regional and national remnant ad sellers on so all of your little HOA little garbage bag, we got them all up here in the lake, like Lake Living and all that stuff. They have consolidators that have the remnant ads, and they're dirt cheap. That's why Joey's plumbing can be in 50 public aid like dumb sheep. I wouldn't rule that stuff out either, because I think that could, if you write the ad right and the graphic right, I think you could probably. And they're all they could just, just the consolidators, not individual publishers, because most of them are all, well, you know what I'm talking about, but the consolidators, the remnant, AG, guys, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:47:06
sure, that makes sense.

Chris Johnston  1:47:09
And that's probably out of the 30% that's probably 5% of your cost. I mean, Larry, that stuff's so cheap, like, really dirt cheap, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:47:18
But if you literally go nationwide, you're going to be spending, and we got a little ways to go to get there. But, yeah,

Chris Johnston  1:47:28
well, yeah, that. I mean, I'm scared of definition, why, but I'm saying, if you just bought the the aggregators are just, you can go by market. You just go by market, five markets around you, and just nail those and just do it all local with any site. I do it all, every problem, the whole thing, I

Matthias Miller  1:47:47
don't have any local dealer models,

Chris Johnston  1:47:52
whatever market, whatever market is closest to you, state or what have you, because you're in Colorado, right? So whatever they're around you that would make sense. Yeah, whatever you had our way, the more shed there are. I mean, I think anecdotally,

Matthias Miller  1:48:08
I mean instinctively, I think something like Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia,

Chris Johnston  1:48:15
southeast, for sure, is the weather more predictable, but I bet you the building permit data is available for that, for small exterior structures. I bet you that data is available too. As you get deeper into the whole data review. I mean, you don't have to wait for any of that stuff, but I bet as you get going, the ones that actually have to be permitted for the higher dollar amounts when you're talking to your deal, because that you know that lead, if you start carrying out those leads, those leads are going to be worth a heck of a lot more. We got some stupid sheds out here. I mean, just I thought they were houses, they're sheds. They they're still technically good, yeah. I

Matthias Miller  1:48:54
mean, that's where the market's going to. Tiny home shells,

Chris Johnston  1:48:58
man cave, yeah, tiny homes. And, you know, around my, you know, whatever, like, they're trying to do a bunch of stuff up here, not letting me rent it around exterior carriage houses. We got a bunch of those up here, and they want to block rent those things out.

Matthias Miller  1:49:16
All right, so next, next steps, manufacture list.

Frank Michel  1:49:26
Yeah, I think let's, I mean, I would say the first thing is start trying to see, well, manufacture list, and then tie it. I don't know if it matters, tying them to the geography that you want to focus on,

Chris Johnston  1:49:42
you know, because you do have shipping costs, and you do have, you know, their dealer network. I don't know how far right their dealer network goes from where they are, right? I mean, I don't think here where, I don't think we're triangulated. Just trying to write it, I would find, figure out, I would do it on. Back of the napkin. If you asked me to do it, because I can't think any more complicated, I would just say, figure out the cost of your leads. Demo out your leads, like you said, figure out what platforms you want to do it on. If you want to do it on Facebook, Google, and consider a consolidator in two states or one state in the southeast. I don't care whatever, say Georgia and Tennessee and whatever right home values these areas, I heat map it Okay. There it is. I got here. I want Facebook it. Figure out what the cost is going to be. And then, like Frank just said, trying to get this manufacturer who, who delivers product the three options or four options, small, middle, middle group, middle, middle, large, middle or large, large, boom, and then hit those manufacturers, run the leaves, build it out, and call the manufacturer and say, Look, give me your stuff. What do you guys have?

Matthias Miller  1:50:54
It's only going to be more complicated that way. Yeah.

Chris Johnston  1:51:01
Lead, cost

Frank Michel  1:51:04
you know, 200 schools of thought. But if you have a tight group of manufacturers, and they know that

Chris Johnston  1:51:12
they'll buy every one of his lease, I don't even think he's a list of Yeah. I mean, you buy every freaking one of those things, yeah? And they take one look at it as output, they're going to buy them. I would, I'd buy them, all right. And

Frank Michel  1:51:28
they know they're not competing against 100 people getting the same leads or getting, you know, they don't have to bid against 25 other manufacturers. If there's a big right? It's, it's look, I mean, we have six select manufacturers. We are basically, you've taken their lead gen and 80% of the sales process out of their hands, and you're getting add to this, not screw up

Matthias Miller  1:51:57
evidence for the consumer. This is back to what you're saying. If you start with a highly competitive state such as Tennessee, that's my understanding, at least portions of it, more so than Georgia, I think. But if you go to a highly competitive state, it's one more bone to throw at the at the consumer, because we can tell them straight up, this is super competitive. And here's we're basically consumer protection for for the shed industry.

Chris Johnston  1:52:24
Whoa, brilliant. Exactly, yeah, exactly, right. We're the advisor, not the seller.

Frank Michel  1:52:32
Yeah, well, we vet our manufacturers, all

Matthias Miller  1:52:35
right, by the way, I wanted to mention this. This is probably two steps ahead. Do you guys know Dimitri Lipinski in the roofing industry?

Frank Michel  1:52:44
Heard the name,

Matthias Miller  1:52:46
so he has something called contractor or something like that. But he does vetted. He does vetted. He has a vetting program for contractors with, like, a $20,000 payout, if it goes 20,000 and $100,000 different levels payout if a project goes sideways, also, kind of, is protection day interesting and, and so contractors to be in the game. And, yeah, insurance and for contractors to be in the game, they got to actually be legit, and you know, you you screw up, you're out. Yeah. So it's an interesting thing to throw in there.

Frank Michel  1:53:31
Their names on it, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:53:36
All right, I gotta drop I'm gonna digest this stuff. Put together some of those numbers of what I think it's gonna look like, and maybe to look like. And maybe, maybe at least, at least for my sake, put together back the napkin, actually, at my end, you guys might not even need to pull lists, given how, how narrow this is, and we can,

Frank Michel  1:53:59
yeah, start. Start digging. Start small, awesome. Let's see what it is. All right, sounds good to you guys. All right, you guys. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai