Matthias Miller  00:01
Alright so now I've been listening to Perry's signature story, and he's bringing in different themes about science versus religion pairing that you know that theme throughout his story these these pulling it together and it's super super fascinating. One of the questions that I have is, what are the signature themes in my life, you know, and when I look at this is crazy but it's religious control versus. And it's not even autonomy its, its integrity, or authenticity or fullness or I don't even know exactly what it is. In the times when I was on my own. It was the battle with wanting to leave the Amish church. My parents being less than to see me possibly misinterpreting their, their approval or their, their thoughts. It was me being persuaded to go to Bangladesh. For a time, to, to soften the blow to my peers and my friends, so that I could make my escape from that religious system.

Matthias Miller  01:28
It was the experience of the prophetic within a strictly religious system. And the breaking the rules of that system and getting getting in trouble for them.

Matthias Miller  01:47
It was me moving to Colorado it. Experiencing somebody else once again, who dug their heels and resisted this stuff.

Matthias Miller  02:02
And you know the the Sunday morning incident that's kind of burned in my mind. That was part of the signature story it's this. What are you guys thinking wake up. You guys are blinded you guys are sleeping, you guys are not awake, you guys are like, what are you doing what are you thinking and it's this again this religious control, or this, this kind of religiosity, and possibly even just destruction this imposed lifeless structure, versus the ability for people to be alive. This was in my job. It's actually let's keep moving forward. This was behind the the thing of my elder termination, which was which was also centered around this. Well, here, here was this.

Matthias Miller  04:53
exists in this world, a lot of structure that is robbing people of life. And it's unnecessary. And I question that everywhere that I go, it is ridiculous. I look at other people, there's people that are not willing to change. Pastor who's, who's filling expectations that really don't make any sense for pastor fulfill. I look at that, like, why are you doing that? It doesn't make sense to me. Not willing to change. I don't get it. I don't understand it. Why would you surrender yourself to that? So I wonder that's one of the signature themes, trying to think how early you know, even that whole thing of the sounds may be kind of crazy, but I kind of think might be a theme but but the whole thing of kindergarten and trying To write letters. Having this system imposed upon me that doesn't make that even with penmanship, it was much the same way. And like bands like this stuff goes really, really deep.

Matthias Miller  06:11
So a lot of this stuff comes down to systems without meeting. And systems that are actually counter purposeful. In other words are anti purposeful. In other words, in my mind, the purpose of penmanship is basic communication. And actually, now here's the interesting thought on the on the pendant said, I wonder what would have happened if I had an inner game of Kevin ship? Because I am sure that penmanship was riddled with With do this don't do that a nap analytical thinking. And I wonder if I would have got into a rhythm of writing in a rhythm of 10 minutes if that whole thing wouldn't have looked completely different.

Matthias Miller  07:25
The interesting thing is that I have built systems around me that are helpful that I think in my opinion, actually life giving and I'm not actually anti system. I've struggled because it's been so ingrained in me I've experienced so many broken systems. At times I've struggled seeing the value of that at all. But this is so much the reality. So here's another practical thing. My discussion with Nate about being an HR IV and conflict resolution. That is a anti purpose system. That's sex life out of people.

Matthias Miller  08:22
Even with Julia some other things, helping her understand how to work with a visionary helping her get a concept of how to work with somebody. Like they're there.

Matthias Miller  08:39
Yeah, all of that. Yeah. I wonder if

Matthias Miller  08:50
maybe another way to say it. I wish I could really take Through the themes for this. But another way to say this is systems that are anti human. And

Matthias Miller  09:11
that's really deep that's really deep at the heart of what we're going after.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai