Unknown Speaker  00:40
Hey, Mark, Hey,

Matthias Miller  00:45
how are you doing?

Unknown Speaker  00:47
Oh, I'm doing great today.

Matthias Miller  00:50
Awesome. I see you're based down in lot Texas. I see, yes, that is correct about where am I at 20 years ago, 25 years ago, my brother worked for a guy down in that area, not related to sheds in any way. He was a homeschool dad who ran a software company. Okay? It's about the closest connection. I've got to lot.

Unknown Speaker  01:26
There's not a lot in lot,

Matthias Miller  01:29
understand, I guess. All right. Well, yeah, love to kick open the conversation. How can I, how can I help?

Speaker 1  01:49
So I've, I've seen you on, on, you know, different groups in Facebook and and I saw some, some of the things that, you know, comments and things like that. So one of the things I've been, I've been working on right now is I've been using HubSpot, and I've been wanting to, I was pitched the idea of going to high level and doing that transition, and I can see where it would benefit me in different ways. But I guess I'm just a little bit frustrated with the people that I have been working with and and so I'm I'm a little bit feeling a little bit stuck. My timeline is kind of crunching together. My My term with HubSpot is is going to be up in about two months, and I wanted to leave enough time to do this, and at the same time, I'm kind of hanging here and don't have a clear path forward. Okay,

Matthias Miller  02:59
so from a not from a personal standpoint, just from a project standpoint, do you know where the hang ups and frustrations lie, specifically

Unknown Speaker  03:14
with with

Matthias Miller  03:15
the current migration or the current the focus you're currently working with to get onto high level.

Speaker 1  03:21
So, so we haven't even started the process. Is a problem.

Matthias Miller  03:24
Okay, got it like, I've been,

Speaker 1  03:26
I mean, like, what automations are we going to set up? We have some automation set up. And so I want to see how some of that will will, how we'll set that up. What's it going to cost me? And I'm hearing crickets.

Matthias Miller  03:41
Okay, so I'm going to warn you right off the bat, okay, that I had a very slow q1 and q2 and I am going to be, I'm going to do my utmost best to be forthright with you in terms of timeline and what I can do and what I can't do, what it's going to cost, but so I'm just working to juggle and prioritize things appropriately. So I just want to, I want to get that out on the table and also, well, so All right. So then follow up question with that is, how much of the heavy lifting, let's say, exporting stuff out of HubSpot, pushing it into high level? How much of that stuff are you looking to do yourself? How much are you looking to say, Look, I just want to wake love experience. Well, there can be any number of things you personally, or is there somebody on your team who's got some of that, some of that skill set that we could lean on. Or are you looking for somebody just white glove experience? Solve the migraine, the root canal, whatever. Let's get it done.

Speaker 1  04:53
Well, I haven't done it and see i What happened was the HubSpot. We ended up doing a lot of it ourselves, just setting it up as we went, and figuring it out and stuff like that. And so one of the things I'm trying to do is not not make the same mistakes to where we're we're lost for a long period of time with high level, like, I'd rather have some help. And, you know, this is how this is done. In I don't have experience with what it would what it would pertain. As far as that import, exporting and importing, I could probably do quite a bit of that myself, but I don't have, don't have extensive experience with that.

Matthias Miller  05:46
All right, so let me go through, yeah, and just very candidly, the if you have capacity, if you have some capacity on your end to do some of the, some of those pieces of heavy lifting with some guidance, it's going to, it's gonna, it's gonna make it, make it easier on our end or my end. But let's, let's take a look at a few pieces. What are you currently using for your weep system.

Speaker 1  06:24
Currently I'm using I have a three CX as a Hosted PBX, and so I use that outside of HubSpot and inside of HubSpot. So my idea looking at it with was if I would use, instead of using the integrated calling that the native one that high level has now, if we would be able to do use Twilio, I could also port Twilio into the back end of my three cx to be able to to do some, some call transfers and stuff outside of HubSpot, I mean, outside of high level,

Matthias Miller  07:13
got it interesting,

Speaker 1  07:16
because Twilio would would serve as one of My trunks that I'm feeding into, into my PBX Yep,

Matthias Miller  07:29
right off the case. There's the fact that you know, you know about, you know something about PBXs and and trucks and Twilio itself doesn't tell me something about the person I'm working with. So I like it, we can be friends. Okay, that makes sense. And so that would solve a substantial, I mean, one of the one of the biggest hurdles, honestly, in biggest frustrations in high level implementation is not reporting. It is just, I would say that's, that's probably one of the anyway, it is a big head, yeah. So if we can eliminate

Speaker 1  08:10
that, and I've done, I've, I guess that was one of the things that I battled with the longest time, was finding a system that would say, hey, we integrate with HubSpot. We integrate with HubSpot. And I'd go with one, and then it didn't do what I wanted it to do. And I'd go to this other one, said, Hey, this switch. And I'd poured everything over and, you know, then it still didn't work how I wanted it to work. Just it. And so this is where we've ended up at now. And so I've done those number portings from probably two three times already. So

Matthias Miller  08:52
that's fair enough. I learned, by the way, did you know if you if you poured a number out from Cricket this? This is this random piece of useless information for for your Tuesday, if you put a number out of cricket, you've got no way to put it back into cricket. From from Cricket to void, you can't get it back to cricket. So there's all kinds of interesting,

Unknown Speaker  09:12
wow. Okay,

Matthias Miller  09:13
little things All right, so hang on. Let me check Do you guys have marketing automation,

Unknown Speaker  09:30
somewhat a little bit, what

Matthias Miller  09:33
does that look like? So

Speaker 1  09:35
right now, when, when we have leads coming in, it goes into a workflow, and it is about probably a 10 to 15 day workflow where it gets assigned to someone, but there's a series of emails and text messages that are going out during that time frame. Okay,

Matthias Miller  09:58
so that, um.

Matthias Miller  10:07
All right, give me one second here, something up over here, I'm

Matthias Miller  10:28
so, I mean, this is a small detail. It's possible Gina three CX can can three CX integrate with active calls on Twilio. Okay.

Speaker 1  10:40
I do not

Matthias Miller  10:47
the potential with the transfer theory. Potential issue with the transfer theory is whether just getting into the weeds, there's potential we should potentially do just a little bit of digging to make sure that

Speaker 1  11:08
and where I where I transfer, more than anything, is actually from from more from my line to one of the sales Guys, more than them out to a non CRM line, right?

Matthias Miller  11:31
Snarky, too. I'm sorry. So you actually, so you actually field all the non sales sales calls and protect your sales people from it. Or is that

Speaker 1  11:39
it just, it just happens that if they call the main line and they don't hit for sales, then it ends up I'm the one and only, and so I get, you know, everything else, and then sometimes it is for one of the sales guys.

Matthias Miller  11:55
Little side note, I also can't tell you how many times sales guys are fielding literally all of the all of the calls. So, yeah, they don't know to thank you, unless you're going on vacation for a week or two. But that's, that's fantastic. Really, chasing rabbit jokes. Okay, so, so that's an area to pursue and explore. Are there other numbers besides you that would be, that would be in, that would be involved

Speaker 1  12:29
for right now. It's just for right now. It's just me okay,

Matthias Miller  12:37
and I did see you're using shed app. Is that right?

Unknown Speaker  12:40
That is correct.

Matthias Miller  12:43
So the good news is we built a shut up integration, shut up to to high level integration, and so we can, at some point, should probably go through the specifics, get down into the weeds of the specifics of that, make sure it it's suits what you need. But and then, which would you be open to doing a screen share through your HubSpot automations? And can we just kind of walk through what those automations are and make sure that those are covered. And also, are you guys using, are you guys using deals, I guess, oh yeah, within, within HubSpot,

Speaker 1  13:30
we, we have been more just doing when a deal is closed. But now what I have, I have set up an automation that anytime the HubSpot does a quote and that email goes to the customer, I don't because with HubSpot, I can't do a web hook because I don't have the correct hub so I can't do web hooks, and So I can't get all the information, but I can trigger it with a certain email to where it creates a deal. It's an empty deal. It'll have the size and style, but it won't have the dollar amount, so we're doing a little bit of that. Okay, got it? I

Matthias Miller  14:23
so we'd be looking to pull over, pull over deals and deal stages at this point.

Unknown Speaker  14:31
Yeah, let me see where is right here. Do

Matthias Miller  14:43
a simple round robin here,

Speaker 1  14:44
yes, here, just a simple round robin. Then and then here it goes out and goes to every, every salesperson and. And that is all identical, all the way down, okay, just some emails and text messages.

Matthias Miller  15:09
So are there tasks besides that first outreach task?

Speaker 1  15:15
Let me see, there is no other task, because at that point they should be, they should be creating their own task as they are, as they make a call, then they create a task for their next follow up and like that,

Matthias Miller  15:35
right? Makes sense. Okay, okay, so that looks very straightforward. It's some groundwork to get it migrated across, but it's not nothing scary.

Speaker 1  15:47
And then let me see what other other workflow I had. So here was, I think this is the one where they got a quote

Speaker 1  16:09
opportunity. This is where it was creating that deal deal, and then it would after 30 days, if it hadn't been marked as lead one, then it would mark it as lead lost, or as a close lost, sure.

Speaker 1  16:37
And I think it would probably, if you would be able to hook it up with web hooks. That would probably be a lot better. You get more information into it than what you can with this right now.

Matthias Miller  16:50
Yeah, we're doing stuff like we're pulling in Google Map links to the customer, and we have a little plug in but that any any field that has a link in it pops just little icon that you could pop it out into a new tab and yeah, for sure, wanted to see, Yeah, notifications on new leads are there. That's that. That's just a thing to implement. That's,

Speaker 1  17:28
yeah, so most of these would would be just random stuff. So because of the limitations in HubSpot on the amount of the amount of contacts and all that. I'm setting certain contacts back as non marketing to to keep my keep myself within the within my marketing status tier and all that. So that's what some of those, some of those are to try to do some of that house cleaning on the backside. Okay.

Matthias Miller  18:05
And then I'm trying to think if there's anything else, any other questions that I should be asking about this. I'm not thinking of well lists and reports. Are there any kind of custom lists or custom reports that you're pulling

Speaker 1  18:19
so as far as reporting, reporting, I have a number of dashboards that I have set up, but it's nothing, no no crazy reports or anything like that. I'm more than trying to keep see the amount of calls made per per salesperson. This is the one for yesterday. I have one for last week, and that's broken down by status of the call. That's more than anything. I'm trying to think I was one here that I had, I had this one calls made by our was one that that we were, were we had set this one up. This is a custom one that helps, but help me set up to see at what time of the day the calls were being made. Just to kind of track trends and like that, to see why, kind of to confirm some suspicions.

Matthias Miller  19:36
Yes, well, what's measured improves understood, there's a I gotta I enjoyed working with, with the guy who's trained, I don't even know, dozens, hired, hundreds, maybe 1000s, of sales people over his career. He just talks about one of his core principles is, man, you can go off of a gut instinct, but go get data. And then when you go get the data, go, go figure out what the real life story is behind it. So you gotta, you gotta get both worlds to cross here. Yeah, all right. And then, are you guys selling any? Are you guys selling anything that's not in Shut up,

Speaker 1  20:25
we do sell carports, okay, good. And for that, we don't have any specific automations or anything like that. Okay?

Matthias Miller  21:00
Another person, okay. And then on your website, you've got

Matthias Miller  21:12
See,

Matthias Miller  21:20
so who's, who's, let's see, do you guys have, yes, you have a quote form.

Speaker 1  21:30
We do have, yeah, we do have that quote form there. And then there is one on the financing on the Payment Options page is a different one, and that one is a a HubSpot form that we would have to, I guess, change over

Matthias Miller  21:52
sure that would be on the

Unknown Speaker  21:57
Payment Options, payment

Matthias Miller  21:58
options, and then, Yep, got it.

Speaker 1  22:03
I think that. And then, and then the the shed app in a lead gen form would be, those would be the three forms that we have, other than most of like, a lot of our leads would come in from Facebook lead forms and those but that should be able to transfer directly if we, if we hook Facebook into it.

Matthias Miller  22:29
Do you have an agency running that for you

Speaker 1  22:34
right now? We have shed geek is who runs that for us? I

Unknown Speaker  22:45
you have any recommendations?

Matthias Miller  22:48
Well, I might change my mind. I've been trying hard not to start an agency. You I've got a guy, and my biggest, my biggest concern with him is just straight up capacity on his end, and also, and also support. You know, support burning if we get involved. The good news is that high level has I'm not sure how it's currently set up. I know nothing about how she shed gets configured it, but they have Facebook's C API conversion, API integration, which gives you much more accurate helps bypass the some of the apple issues, because you feed once it, once it, once you complete the form, you feed the contact information back to Facebook, and you completely bypass the iPhone privacy issues that way, and so you get you can, you can drive down conversion rates that way using high level if you set it up like that, I can, are they also running your Google ads as well? Are you doing Google ads?

Speaker 1  24:20
Yeah, they're running my Google ads, and that that's where I'm having biggest issue right now.

Matthias Miller  24:28
What's the issue on that

Unknown Speaker  24:31
$70 per lead? What

Matthias Miller  24:34
kind of radius are you advertising in?

Unknown Speaker  24:39
101 50 miles.

Matthias Miller  24:43
What's your monthly budget? Ad spend

Speaker 1  24:48
on Google? I believe it's like 3500

Matthias Miller  24:59
um. And what's performance like on the Facebook site. So

Speaker 1  25:07
we're probably in the neighborhood of four or $5 per lead. How much

Matthias Miller  25:17
information is that name and email? Are you getting more name? Email, phone, are you getting more

Speaker 1  25:21
name, email, phone number, and a lot of times it'll include, you know what their drop down for, what they're looking for, okay,

Matthias Miller  25:41
all right, do you

Matthias Miller  25:55
mind if I ask What their management

Speaker 1  26:00
fees are? Pro just what is about $1,500 a month for Google and 1500 for for Facebook, some somewhere in that neighborhood.

Matthias Miller  26:12
Okay, that's, that's a fairly standard, standard rate. Um, so this guy's got the deepest, my guy's got the deepest history in Google ads. He's been doing Google since, well, I don't know, pretty much, since Google's infancy. It's been 20 years or something, that he's been buying traffic on Google. And I'm guessing off these numbers for sure, me not being the Google expert here, but there's probably some, some, some account strategy issues that are, that are potentially going on. But

Speaker 1  26:59
yeah, we had, we? Had we? They were trying with the Shut up has their built in tracking conversion, whatever, and he was trying to get around having to use their extra fee for for doing that. Well, we ended up spinning wheels over and over and over and not getting anywhere. So now, about the last two three months, maybe we've started using the integrated conversion tools, and it has brought it down some, because here you're here's where. So in discussing with him, I I always, I know I want to find out what's going on in what like if you're having success with others. I was about his first the Shut up customer. So, so that was part of the issue. Well, then I found out that he was also doing Google ads for Eagle ridge. And so, Eagle ridge and as a well, what's there? What's, what's the cost per lead that you're getting for them? So, so So then I think theirs was between 20 and 30. And so I was like, What are you doing different for them than what you're doing for me, we're we're 80 miles apart, so a lot of we're overlapping, a lot. I said, Well, I said they're doing the, the integrated conversion. They've got that set up. And he said they had, they're running a lot larger budget. Like, okay, those are two things I'm not going to I'm not going to start spending $15,000 a month right now, but, but if we can eliminate one, one thing at a time. And so interesting thing this. This weekend, I was at a at a viewing in Osceola, and I was talking to, to the guys from Eagle Ridge, who happened to be my cousins, but I don't speak to them very much so. So I was talking, talking to, to Anthony and Galen, and talking about, and we got on this subject, and he's like, You know what? Yeah, we are getting fairly decent price leads, he says, but our conversion rate is terrible. So interesting. So even though he's getting them a cheaper price lead, their conversion rate is similar to ours, which is pretty terrible. So, so that's that, that's where I'm a little bit now, now, now, knowing, having found that out, now I'm like, now I'm like, really not worried about getting my price down, because it's not going to help me that much.

Matthias Miller  29:59
You. Know what your or what are your conversion rates?

Unknown Speaker  30:05
Like, 5% on a Google lead,

Matthias Miller  30:07
ouch. Yeah. I mean, I'm not insulting your sales people or or them. It's just like, or the marketing side, either one, but like, yeah, it's hard to make the economics work on that much ad spend with that kind of a conversion rate. Yeah,

Speaker 1  30:26
no, absolutely. And that's why I'm like, I'm sitting here and I'm like, something's got to give. I

Speaker 1  30:57
so one of the options that I have for for Google ads. And this is, this is one thing that I'm I am thinking about, is having the shed app run it for me. I had been with them, but the person that was servicing me and I had some issues, and anyway, he's not he's not there, and they have set up better reporting and better lines of communication since then, and so I have discussed with them about going back there for my for the Google side of things, Facebook, I'm not sure yet.

Matthias Miller  31:52
Yeah, I it's not been recent, but I have worked with their media buyer in the past.

Matthias Miller  32:02
Uh, uh, I don't feel like I've got a broad enough experience or broad enough talk to enough folks who've used them to really feel like I've got a good sense. I know their elite prices were the client's lead prices and and conversion rates were much better, more in the line of what you'd be looking for with that, right? It's also it was that's also different geography, and they're variables like that, that

Speaker 1  32:36
correct play. So, so, you know, it could be, you know, where we are here, it and the algorithm could be, could be partly feeding into what all this is happening, I mean. But I would also think that if the ads are set up correctly, then it's going to make a difference on what customers and how it does.

Matthias Miller  33:11
Yeah, it's kind of how many years have you been running Google ads with shit geek

Speaker 1  33:18
with them? We're just over a year, okay,

Matthias Miller  33:23
and you haven't had conversion track prior to that.

Speaker 1  33:29
With convert when we, when we were with, with the shed at back, back then it, we did have conversion tracking. We and pricing was a prior 20 to $30 a lead. So the interesting part was, even when we started with shedge, my pricing per lead stayed about the same conversion at that point, honestly, my I wasn't I knew where my sales team was, and we were working on on establishing and and training them better, and so my conversion was fairly low. But at one point last year, and I don't remember for what reason, we had bumped down our our budget by like $500 a month when we did that, that was the point when the lead price skyrocketed.

Speaker 1  34:32
It like that month when we changed the budget, leads went from being $30 a month per lead to being 175 $80 a lead. And And ever since, and we have never been able. I mean, now with all the work they've put into it and set up conversion tracking, it's been more consistently around $70 but it's not not coming down to where it should. Be and we've added budget again and trying to regain some of that nothing.

Matthias Miller  35:10
Well, I

Matthias Miller  35:17
Okay. I'll tell you. I'll tell you what my what my ads guy has just told me, and okay, and I've had conversations with should I belong similar to similar times? You can sometimes get away with wild changes in budget, but it can also shoot you in the foot. One of the things that he said is that Google algorithm is very even keel and stable, and at the point that you're talking, say, $3,500 a month, that's still that. That's maybe within the realm of, let's see five divided by 35 is that's a 14% drop. You may be in the realm of that, but, but sudden, sharp changes to Google ads, can reset the algorithm, and it basically, it's almost like it loses its footing of what it's looking for. And if you didn't have conversion tracking at that point, it doesn't have any North Star to say, this is a good customer, this is not and and he's told me, he's like, there is no Google rep that will ever tell you this. There's no, it's, it's mostly just When, when, when the, when the Google guys get together, the colon of their shit Expo, whatever that is, when they're standing around chatting, there does seem to be stuff that goes on behind the scenes with hidden changes that that disrupt the algorithm and different people who've seen various times. This is the most severe case. I'm not saying this is, this is your case at all, but there, there have been times when there's almost like there's a hidden flag somewhere that says this account gets special favors and and when you don't keep spending to keep up with market demand, or you make certain sudden changes to the algorithm, it's Like that flip gets, that switch gets flipped off. Nobody talks about it. Nobody knows what it is. Nobody knows if, nobody can really confirm if it is a thing. It's just there's too many Google Ads guys who have experienced the same thing with their clients, and that there's endless conversations between business owners and Google Ads guys, where the Google Ads guys are like, look, this could happen to you if you do this. And the business owner says, Well, I have to do this. And so they're like, Well, I mean, I'm going to do it, but, but you've been warned. So there's a lot of stuff, a lot of new ones that goes on behind the scenes. One potential Avenue could be getting, getting this, getting, getting my guy to do a Google Ads audit and just go through the entire account, look for things, make sure everything is set up correctly, look for gaps and issues. And that could be useful to inform Yeah, inform what's going on, and also kind of gage you a little bit of what it's like working with him, yeah,

Speaker 1  38:30
yeah. That would be that would be helpful. Okay, I

Matthias Miller  38:49
All right? Well, I admittedly suck at setting pricing on on some of the stuff. I don't have a standard pricing package for for implementation.

Matthias Miller  39:13
Do you? I might be breaking every kind of business rule in the book, but do you? Do you have a a price at which you're like, Man, if I could, if I could, have somebody's guidance to this process. Numbers I've seen in the market is about x or something like that.

Matthias Miller  39:40
Or if you can't, or if I came back to you and said, By June 15, we're going to have this thing licked, and you're going to be fully live in GHL come come hell or high water, which is a completely different type of offer. I.

Speaker 1  40:00
Yeah, yeah. I, I think with with kind of the idea that they had given me, I was probably going to be somewhere in the neighborhood of $10,000 or so to set up, and that would have them being them setting up most of everything for me, probably somewhere between 10, 15,000 without me being involved very much in it, okay,

Matthias Miller  40:37
and and for your involvement, if I walk you through. I mean, I think here's one potential way to model it. So structuring time commitment is a little tricky, but, but having something where effectively I'm I'm on call. Oh, okay, so here's what's tricky. I have been doing. I recently have started doing shed business discoveries, where I go deep down into first marketing sales, like down the whole rabbit lab rabbit hole. So typically, when I'm doing that, there's two or three days where I'm mostly AWOL, but there's a lot of other times where I've got flexibility throughout my day, where, you know, if we need to hop on a call or something and go figure stuff out. But I think if we have this world where we could set up a road, set up a roadmap, a task, list of things that need to become basically an implementation plan. Here's what needs to be done, here's what needs to be researched to be researched to make sure that everything's good, and then have some kind of place in which so, like, initial roadmap, let's figure out a to z what this is going to take. Let's do even as simple as 30 minute weekly check ins like, let's make sure we're on the same page. Let's make sure that we're moving with the plan and that there's nothing that's throwing things sideways, and then probably something like a let's go like barring a few scenarios, but most of the time, be available to jump On a call within about a business data to work through any specific issue, and if we need to do a screen share, if not, phone calls can be if we can just talk it through phone phone calls have got a little bit more agility with that. Is that about the right level of support?

Speaker 1  42:39
Yeah, I think, I think that we could, I can, I can work with that,

Speaker 1  42:48
because I with the little bit that I know in high level, I just don't feel comfortable trying to, trying to learn everything as I'm going and figuring out how to Do every step and how to set everything up, and with some support there, it would, it would definitely be a lot, lot better if the basics are, if the basics are set up and I can do a lot of the implementation, yep,

Matthias Miller  43:18
and I uh, there's another way to structure it too, which is, I've also, I've also done some,

Matthias Miller  43:38
yeah, I if you would, I'm happy to if you

Matthias Miller  43:55
had to pick your own adventure, if you if you Could, which would you rather? Is pending, pending my availability. Would you rather have somebody do the full implementation for you, or would you rather which one's best for you The I

Speaker 1  44:24
in a way, if I'm involved in it, I have a lot more knowledge of it going forward then if I'm not involved in it. And so in that sense, it would make sense for me to be more heavily involved, involved with it, and learn more of it, and probably get more out of it. In the long run,

Matthias Miller  44:48
I would agree, more more self sustaining. All right, I think it makes sense. Uh,

Matthias Miller  45:19
here's okay with with one, I'm going to put a one little asterisk here, as long as you're open to exploring potentially different paths with the phone system based on What's what's most workable. There are some known issues with go high level transfers that I'm not happy with, but it's on the features list, and I've been telling everybody who's been running into it to boot it up. But so with, there's the there's with some some nuance around the three CX integration, making sure all that stuff works as you expect and want to. I think, I think I'd be willing to do this for $3,500 and get scheduled. Schedule. The Schedule kind of like just do all that stuff that I outlined, implementation plan, weekly check in, and then availability for problem solving and and there's some of that stuff where, if we need, if you need help formatting the import files from HubSpot to QuickBooks or, Hey, how do we like we walk through each step of the process well enough, like even, even on some of these automations, hopping on a call, walking through like a marketing automation. Let's walk through the first, you know, first few automations, you can get that set up, and then that's just rinse and repeat for the rest of the 14 days, or whatever. And then cover the comp the go high level subscription until go live date that would also include the sorry, here do this implementation, plan weekly check ins and and walk throughs all processes. And we could then and we can get you those, those call recordings for you to be able to view,

Matthias Miller  48:00
and Tsa, tsa integration, what's gonna, what's gonna give me a nod in the stomach about that, where's the other, About that price and what's involved.

Matthias Miller  48:18
The call dashboard. I is probably, is one of the pieces where I would have a little bit of a nod in my stomach if push came to shove, and the call dashboard would be in a table format, instead of instead of a instead of pretty pictures? Would that be an acceptable compromise? Or no?

Speaker 1  48:57
I think that could be most of what we're doing with that is, you know, we look at that during our weekly check ins with with my my sales team, and Weekly on one of our coaching calls, then we're pulling data from there just to see where everybody is on certain metrics.

Matthias Miller  49:29
Okay, 90 Well, 90% certain we can replicate. Well, I'm I know we can replicate at least a certain part of this. I'm not deep enough the weeds to make sure that we've got every last metric, but I metric.

Speaker 1  49:46
But generally, what we're looking is total amount of calls made, the amount of calls that are connected, and we're. So we're breaking it out for the new leads as a new connected, new connected versus follow up calls. So that's, that's the only you know we're doing. We're breaking it out in that way. That's basically the metrics that we're looking at that we're really focusing on, and what percentage that is of the total. This

Matthias Miller  50:28
is getting pretty nuanced, but are you looking at the report? All right, it's today's Monday. You contacted a lead on Wednesday. You had three attempts Monday, Tuesday. Sorry, let's today's Tuesday. Connected last Wednesday, you had two attempts, attempt on Monday, attempt on Tuesday, the call on Thursday, call on Friday. Does your dashboard show four calls for a connected lead, because he is he or she is now a connected lead. Or does that dashboard show two and two?

Speaker 1  51:10
It would, it would show, it would basically, it's calling. It's basically looking at the status of the call. So if, if you called that customer two times and left a voicemail. So those two would count as left voicemail, and he answered two times, and you would have two connected calls and two voicemails from that same lead. Okay? And

Matthias Miller  51:31
then you're just filtering down those numbers between. Let's look at all the leads that we've ever that we have connected with. Let's look at all the leads that we haven't connected with, and let's compare those counts and not looking to get that granular as far as look at, look what happened before Wednesday and after Wednesday. No, okay, perfect. Having an analytical brain can be a blessing, a curse. So good. I And would you? Would you want to? Would you want to do the marketing, working on it as well, Google ads on it?

Unknown Speaker  52:22
I to

Matthias Miller  52:28
have a third party taking a look at your Google ads and find out Sure,

Speaker 1  52:32
sure I would like that. Okay,

Matthias Miller  52:37
so here's can all right, conceptually, are we? Are we on the same page? Budget, scope, is that happy thing for you? Yes,

Speaker 1  52:51
I think so. Okay, what? What do you then have as a subscription price for a

Matthias Miller  52:57
good point I was going to cover that. So currently, what we're doing is $900 a month on the subscription price.

Speaker 1  53:05
900 and does does it that does not include the calling that would be separate. If

Matthias Miller  53:11
it's through Twilio, then it's going to be billed independent. There's some email charges. I need to research how it looks, how it works. I don't think there's anything on calling if you're because that would be, I'll be handled through your Twilio account. Okay? And I don't, I don't. Again, horrible business practice. I don't like really lock down any features. Main reason I lock things down is just to keep people from getting confused. So if you want to start, I mean, you know, selling you on the next step, but if we get supplemented, another interesting thing to look at is AI driven, you know, initial responses and other things like that, which high level makes incredibly easy. And it's, I think it might, might be a little bit more a month, but it's prohibitive by any means. Okay? And I'm happy to talk that through and work that work with you on that, and then all the Shut up integration, there are things that break anytime there's an integration, I've got text message and email monitoring set up when things go sideways, so if for some reason, that connection breaks or something goes sideways,

Speaker 1  54:34
okay, so if we would be doing the Twilio separately that would include any SMS charges and everything like that, that would be on that side, correct,

Matthias Miller  54:46
I believe so. I want to double check that that there's no specific charge on the high level side or messages beyond I mean, it would be at a Twilio rate. It would be a.

Matthias Miller  55:03
Um, but Okay, so 90% of your fees, for sure, would be on the Twilio side. I'm not sure if high level has any any, any small fractional fees involved for when integrating with Twilio. I don't believe so, but I'm not confident enough to tell you the answer.

Speaker 1  55:25
And on this subscription price, is there any user limit, or anything like that? On it,

Matthias Miller  55:30
I haven't imposed any user limit, so you get in early and you you reap the benefits. Until I decide to be sharkier with how I how I do this.

Speaker 1  55:47
Very good, okay, I can't think, and this doesn't have any contact, contact CAP or anything like that, as far as a lot of leads or anything like that. No,

Matthias Miller  56:10
if you do call recordings and call transcripts, there is a fee, again, small storage fee, for any of that that you store. I think it's well and for running the transcript, and it's we were talking in the realm of pennies per fractional cents per something. I don't know what it is, right? Amazon s3 pricing ish. I mean, that's, but no, there's no, there's no contact limits, there's no messaging limits. There's,

Speaker 1  56:42
yeah, because that that's, that's what I'm running into, like right now. I have 7000 marketing contacts, is what I'm bringing HubSpot. And then I have SMS add on, and then I have it set to 4000 message segments. And this month, I guess, was extra busy with the messages. And about halfway through the month, I ran out of SMS segments, and so the only way to get more is to lock myself into a contract forever, like there's no overage fee. There's like it's up to here, and then that's, that's my you know, the frustration, it just keeps on adding up. I mean, it's shoot. It's getting to be close to $30,000 a year, and they just want more and more. I'm missing a feature. Well, you got to add this whole other hub to it, because I want web hooks.

Matthias Miller  57:34
Yes, yes.

Speaker 1  57:37
So, well, that's, that's where my my frustration runs with,

Matthias Miller  57:43
be grateful that you know that you don't need web hooks, because not every client does, so at least you know where your limits are cool. Well, let me, let me before we do before we do anything else I want to run this past my assistant. She's my sanity check, and I'm going to guess realistically, we could potentially do an onboarding call within the next week and a half. I'm going to be out for about a week in end of, end of May, beginning of sorry, end of June, beginning of July. And so I would, I would think the right move would basically be, get get everything. So choose my sanity check, make sure I'm not over committing on anything. But I would think the right move would be, can we get everything teed up by the middle of June, or something like that, so that beginning of July, as soon as I'm back in the office, we can turn it on and watch everything go up in flames, and fix everything so it works

Speaker 1  58:55
that That sounds, that sounds good for me, my, my, contract. End Date with HubSpot is July 28 July 28 Okay, so we've got two months in a day.

Matthias Miller  59:15
Okay, have you communicated with them? All right, so have you communicated with? Well, we got almost three weeks in June. So if we could, I think if we could get it to a point, we get, get it turned on, say, by the 11th, got another week and a half before I, before I, I largely disappear and not gonna. I uh, that could be off off grid until potentially the fourth but.

Matthias Miller  59:53
But I still think even if we're ready to flip the switch on the Sabbath, we've got three weeks to iron things out. Time, yeah, I'm not the especially if we can test some of the phone system stuff in the first part of part of June. That's, that's, again, is the wild variable? Yeah. So let me, let me write it past, past my assistant, and make sure I'm not missing anything on my end. And and

Matthias Miller  1:00:26
I had something else I was gonna say.

Matthias Miller  1:00:34
And if we're Yeah, if we're good there, then we'll get a set up, a time to get get started, get accounts set up, and get the process rolling.

Speaker 1  1:00:47
Okay, I'm good, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:00:51
all right, well, and then down, down the road, if we get this rolled into place, I may put a bug in your ear for other ideas to keep pushing sales and and growth, if you're interested in those types of conversations. But absolutely, yeah, sounds good for six first. Okay, very good. Hey. Good mark. Appreciate it. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:12
take care. Yeah. Thank you guys again. Bye, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai