Speaker 1  00:17
Howdy. Howdy. Howdy. Howdy, welcome back. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  00:24
All right, we will.

Matthias Miller  00:32
Did you hear about the I think I told that the variation of this joke I've been working on improving it. But did you hear about the the the sawmill that shut down after, after they got a motivational speaker in he said, You have to take the word can't out of your vocabulary. Can't being

Speaker 2  01:00
i Oh, my goodness.

Speaker 1  01:07
Of course, I was okay. This is where my lack of knowledge of the field got me, because I we're familiar with other definitions of the can't, but not that one.

Matthias Miller  01:21
That's fair. It's you have to be you have to work with EBS or Strasburg golden rule. What? JrL or something. Anyway, I like it. Okay, so a few notes from the meeting. Tyler has a wall on his whiteboard with, like, the entire project schedule with sticky notes that are color coded based on what stage it's connected to. Wow. So if he ever talks about the wall, that's what he's talking about, good to know the most, the most critical issue that they have is okay. So they have their they have their certain nesting machines. I think I forget exactly what they're called, bird nests. That's what they're called that they get from overseas with a 27 week lead time, so like, literally half a year in advance of the job, get it ordered. So what happens is that most of the schedule is pretty flexible, but they might go do concrete and do some initial, you know, some initial work, and then job pack wants to move the schedule up ahead, but you can't do that because, well, I mean, you can't move it past the 27 weeks for bird dates, yeah, for the equipment stuff. So my proposal is to have a setting on the milestone. Let me see if we can find it.

Matthias Miller  02:59
That's basically like disallow schedule changes that create overdue tasks, and then, if this gets set, then, then don't update job milestones. Oh, goodness, it means we have to store.

Matthias Miller  03:42
Okay, here's the proposal, I guess. Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  04:23
This is a sysba, yeah,

Matthias Miller  04:43
think, and then

Matthias Miller  04:54
this might require some more design, but have some kind of report slash process to. Resolve these issues, or show these at the top of the tasks, report with a big, scary alert. The resolution is an admin, a someone with privileges can run an X 30 to update the date, or they can update job pack with the original date and have the notice, go away after the next thing. That's my thought for how to deal with it. But I'm this is pretty handy. Maybe we can flesh it out even more, if you want. Is that? So let's start, I guess. Let's start it at part A

Unknown Speaker  06:06
I think

Matthias Miller  06:10
to me, the simplest way is just saying, Look, you can't. Well, there are a few ways we could actually do this, the other way we could do this is on the task. We could say, Look, this task, you can never move this task backwards without approval, like, if it's past due, or if it's going to be overdue, you can't like, basically, this is a this is a critical task. Don't ever let it go over. Don't ever let schedule changes make it be overdue. And don't push it further over. Do any task basis.

Speaker 1  06:57
So the idea is that, can you remind or run over again, the situation where Job Shop would make it overdue, sure.

Matthias Miller  07:05
So equipment is one of the first, sorry, concrete. And then you like, you get there's concrete, then construction and equipment, just as an example. So they say, Okay, we got we got sunshine. We're going to go do concrete four weeks early. Like, let's go get it done. Yeah, all right. Concrete is done. Job. Back looks at it says, Oh, great, that's done. Now we can move up construction. Oh, construction. Now we can move up the equipment. Well, the only issue is that now, for whatever reason we're we're less than 27 weeks out from equipment, and we can't actually do that and so and we so we, for sure, can't change the well, yeah, and so we need to surface that and say, Okay, guys, like, this is creating some kind of issue. Are you sure? Like we need some kind of procurement, or somebody purchasing, whoever, some admin, I don't know. Who needs to say, Yes, I understand this is past due, but we'll be okay. I approve the schedule change, or they need to go back to Job pack and say, Wait, that's fine. We can move up construction but, but equipment needs to stay. We need to update the equipment to be further out.

Unknown Speaker  08:19
Yes, that makes sense, because Job pack paces everything inside. Okay, sure. Go on,

Matthias Miller  08:35
yeah, because Job pack will rejigger all. I mean, it's, it is some form of resource optimization. It's like, yes, well, these crews are available, so why would we just go do it now, and

Speaker 1  08:47
we don't have any idea of the fixed date task that can't be moved right?

Matthias Miller  08:51
That's right, yeah. Okay. So then the way to approach it is one, what I was thinking originally is to say, look for equipment. Don't ever let you create a Past Due task. What we could do is, on the task itself, have a checkbox that says, I don't know what you call it, but block schedule changes, or, you know,

Matthias Miller  09:34
basically, don't let it go overdue because of schedule, or don't block scheduled changes when overdue the task. To order the material, you would check that box and that task is that. So when you're updating dates, you would run a scenario and say, hey, look, is this going to block any tasks? And then, and if so, then you don't update that. That opera, that milestone date for

Unknown Speaker  10:28
that. Here we have

Matthias Miller  10:50
it and then everything else will be the same.

Matthias Miller  11:00
This isn't quite 100% clear and accurate.

Unknown Speaker  11:09
It changes when

Matthias Miller  11:20
overdubby, I mean, when it's becoming I mean it could be when It is overdue, or when it's becoming overdue, it's incomplete.

Matthias Miller  11:47
It's May. It's probably close enough, though I

Speaker 1  12:04
it. I mean, it makes it makes sense to me. If people know how the power planning have this function coming in here that doesn't understand the point. A dangerous way to think. Do

Matthias Miller  12:30
you have any thoughts on the so then down here, then

Unknown Speaker  12:34
you would have

Matthias Miller  12:41
the scheduled for, I think we would just make this a field and not an editable macro, and have an X 30 to and, I mean, maybe both of them would actually be fields, yeah. And then we just have x 30s to update. And when we update the job pack X 30, we just push it across when it can all the

Unknown Speaker  13:15
others are

Unknown Speaker  13:21
already, I think, make

Matthias Miller  13:32
well here, let's just it's up here. Okay, so let's Be more specific, change or

Speaker 3  14:16
it Do we need to care about.

Matthias Miller  15:01
Well here, let me just don't update job date. Don't update job schedule date, if

Matthias Miller  15:14
the new date will result in a task marked as block schedule changes when overdue as overdue. I don't know what happens, but I didn't think about this. What happens when somebody marks a job complete and job pack? But it's not I think. Don't update the job completed on if, if that milestone, I don't

Matthias Miller  15:52
know if we should do we care no, because no you have to, because you have some plus days. You

Matthias Miller  16:04
think this is all okay. So then there's that, then on the tasks report, I forget what we call It task report.

Unknown Speaker  16:41
Know, I

Matthias Miller  17:11
do you want to represent this on the

Speaker 1  17:18
on the job? You're saying if there are tasks linked to the jobs that are mismatch, or if the job completed doesn't match.

Matthias Miller  17:26
Well, I think we don't care about completion date. I don't think I think it's just the Yeah, think it's just a scheduled date. Except how do we well, hang on, open milestones. How do we calculate the due date? If? Do we use it off of the if it's completed, then we use the completion date, right? So

Matthias Miller  18:01
I don't think we should update

Unknown Speaker  18:04
either of the dates.

Unknown Speaker  18:15
Do we care?

Matthias Miller  18:22
What happens if somebody says that the job was completed, but one of these tasks wasn't, wasn't done?

Speaker 1  18:41
We have some sort of validation against that like you should. I don't think we want to just either quietly lead a test or quietly mark them as done. I think we should very least do a warning on Save or something like you. Mark is complete, fascinating stuff.

Unknown Speaker  19:04
I want to actually,

Matthias Miller  19:22
yeah, you just wouldn't have to either date,

Speaker 1  19:30
yeah, and then we want, we want to report a word or anything. If we're I guess if it's on any way, we're fine. But do we want to report alert?

Matthias Miller  19:54
I don't know. It feels to me, maybe I could be wrong. I. Is, it seems like the tactical report is going to be used so much that to throw it up at the top, yeah, let's see would be Yeah,

Matthias Miller  20:13
because it's gonna, I mean, somebody's assigned the task. They should know I'm supposed to order this. Hang on, what's going on? Yes. Then a job detail screen. This is also a

Matthias Miller  20:45
Oh, okay, now here's the thing that would be useful for.

Matthias Miller  20:58
How do we want to show them when they pull up the job. I mean, we say there's a schedule change, then we pull up the job, and you, you want to know what the schedule change is going to be and what it's going to do, I assume, do

Unknown Speaker  21:26
could you?

Matthias Miller  21:38
You could conceivably,

Matthias Miller  21:53
I have a column in the report to to preview schedule change, and it opens. It updates the underlying fields to the new dates with a little notice at the top or something, and they would save to approve it. I don't really like that. Yes, we could add columns to So, yes, the job pack we could, we could show with the easier, just rename,

Unknown Speaker  22:32
yes, what, what

Unknown Speaker  22:34
you were trying to avoid was

Speaker 4  22:37
fair in the question, yeah, so, yeah, so

Matthias Miller  22:55
We could up. Okay, here's an idea. We could just set a

Matthias Miller  23:14
we could just let it happen and just set the needs approval checkbox and allow somebody to come in and clear it. Clear it.

Unknown Speaker  23:27
That's simple,

Matthias Miller  23:31
yeah, then you have a field change. I love it. Okay, so here, let's go. Let's Okay. So here we have a except

Matthias Miller  23:57
it's no longer block. Let's go see now, let me just make sure that we require it would trigger an approval for somebody who would review and that's actually what he asked for. Okay, so then here we have a

Unknown Speaker  24:40
he

Matthias Miller  25:08
What about that? And then here we have on the job. We're going to have to have this guy down here as well, after the milestone number plus or minus. Days,

Unknown Speaker  25:45
so

Unknown Speaker  25:52
what happened?

Matthias Miller  25:57
Okay, so then, then here on the job. Here needs approval. Good.

Unknown Speaker  26:20
It hopefully never do something.

Unknown Speaker  26:30
It's yeah, migration,

Unknown Speaker  26:39
so one let's go, okay,

Unknown Speaker  26:56
and on the tasks report, all right?

Speaker 1  27:24
You? Percent. I don't know how long you want to click on this. I would be happy to, but I'm also getting requests from my mother to help with prep for an office lunch.

Matthias Miller  27:58
So okay, that's fine. I think we're good. Let me, let me. I'll just, I'm happy to review this myself. I'm very happy with this design, and then I'll leave it to you at some point. Well, just let me know when there's anything interesting. Development wise, yeah, the project, and that's great.

Speaker 1  28:18
I just did a quick check of where we are. We're partway through. They coded all the little records. They're partway through the jobs record and a couple reports yet to go. But they've made a lot of progress, but good progress so far. And I guess do changes like this. Do you want me to once they look good? Are you Is this the sort of thing that you get pushed through? Are we just doing what I had spectrum before?

Matthias Miller  28:41
No, they should get Yeah, they should get pushed this. This should get pushed through and make whatever. Yeah, however you want to manage that child product changes or whatever.

Speaker 1  28:50
Yeah, yes, great. Sounds great. Good, awesome. Thanks, Nick. Yeah, thank

Matthias Miller  28:56
you for your lunch. Yeah.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai