Matthias Miller  00:35
Hey, Jonathan, are you people Hear me now?

Unknown Speaker  00:42
Let me I'm

Matthias Miller  00:44
not able to hear you.

Unknown Speaker  00:52
How about Nope,

Unknown Speaker  00:54
not yet.

Matthias Miller  00:55
There we go. Okay,

Speaker 1  00:57
sorry about that. I had my headset turned off, and then, of course, it didn't connect.

Matthias Miller  01:02
Yeah, no worries. I understand how it goes.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
Yeah, very good. So how are you doing today?

Matthias Miller  01:08
I'm doing good. How are you doing?

Speaker 1  01:10
Doing very well, yeah, very well, yeah, very good. Well, nice to meet you. So yeah, again. So Richard called me today. We talked for, I don't know, half hour, 45 minutes, probably catch it up. He says, I need to talk to you. Sorry. Let me silence my other phone here, for some reason, as soon as I get on a call, you do not disturb. There we go. So, so, yeah, tell me what I'm here because you wanted to talk to me and Richard and so, yeah, fill me in a little bit on what are you looking for. What do you want to know? You told me what, what I can do.

Matthias Miller  01:52
Yeah, well, so I've been, I, I have been the, the the consultant surviving on my by my wits, I suppose, for the last little while, I had been in business with my brother building custom business software, and I sold my part of the business to him at the beginning of the year, because just it wasn't really where I wanted, wanted to be going. And through that business, ended up getting into the shed industry. And actually, prior to that, actually stumbled into the shed industry. And then one of the one of the clients, one of my, one of our clients, brought me on to run sales and marketing, and they, they and I both learned a lot. I was there for about, probably about a year and a half, two years, something like that, and then spent a year working for for company out here in Colorado, and we're able to take them up. They're They're up about 30% or prior year, working with the sales team, putting putting different systems in place and things like that. So I've been, I feel like this weird person who's, I've, I've, I've probably done better doing complex deals than just I've never actually had a conventional, straight up sales job. I've helped close complex consulting and software deals. So and I've been in sales around sales have been in marketing pretty deep, and I know way more than I should about accounting, and have this tech background and a curiosity around people, and, you know, has created various things about Alright, So how do we put the pieces of the puzzle together?

Speaker 1  04:09
Well, there's a shortage out there of people that have common sense and a good understanding of numerous things, and so that sounds like maybe that's where you fit in somewhere. Well,

Matthias Miller  04:18
I hope so. I hope so. I would like to think that, but I don't know. Some days I'm not sure. So I was getting Richard's perspective, you know, because there's some there were some changes that I made with the sales process that really boosted, boosted some things. And talking with some of my mentors are like, Well, have you considered just building that out as a software product? And like, well, it's worth exploring. But you know, if it's HubSpot specific, I've been able to keep. Or maybe about 50 some people who have actively implemented HubSpot. And that's not a huge I mean, yeah, you can build a SaaS on that, but you know, that's not going to be there's, there's a market cap there, and certainly there's other CRMs to tie into. I, and so I was talking to Richard about options, and he was just sharing some, some different perspective about, you know, different, different folks in the industry where they're at. And then he was basically like, hey, look, you've got experience. Actually grew up Amish and and I've had experience working with the Amish. And he's like, Well, why don't you, once you go look at like, just take your skill set and just go, go be a stand up guy in a world of people who a, either don't know what they're doing or B are trying to take advantage and and go help the Amish future proof, and he mentioned you in some of what you've been doing with that, and his thought was like, there's probably more there's probably more need than what Jonathan has capacity for. Yeah.

Speaker 1  06:19
I mean, there's way more demand. And you're in a you're in a unique situation. I'm probably similar, so I'm I didn't grow up Amish, but, but I grew up kind of conservative, beachy and so, so if you can talk Dutch and connect with people, it goes a long way. Goes a long way, a lot of really good people otherwise, that may just that just, don't, I don't know. I don't know. I'm, you know, you know exactly what I'm talking about. Like, it's just, it just, yeah, it just makes a difference speaking language literally, and, and it makes a difference and, and that's where, yeah, that's, that's where, that's where I'm at. I'm so so my background, I'm kind of feeling a little bit where I'm at. So basically, I I grew up farming, and then I was 21 I had an opportunity to build a mini barn shop with my cousin, which also happens to be one of the owners of Cardinal manufacturing during the cardinal mules. So, so, so Steve, Steve and James owned the manufacturing. Steve and I built a shop to build Barnes, because they were, we were building Barnes at that time. That would have been in 2000 to one. So, I guess 23 years ago already. So did that for 10 years. Steve and I were building barns, and then due to some church changes and some other stuff coming up, I actually sold out the shop and and did construction work with my brothers for a little while. They had a couple concrete plans, pump trucks, 150 guys or so doing commercial concrete work, and I did that for a couple years, but decided I wasn't cut out for that. So in 2015 I got back into at that point in time. So basically I had done nothing spectacular, but I've done reasonably well over those first 15 years. And so I'm selling out of the business, and have a fair amount of cash. And I'm thinking, Where do I go with this? So like, Hey, I like to get back at Barnes. They really like that. And how about doing rent downs? So said what I'm going to do. So, but hey, that's what I'm going to do. In the meantime, someone came along, a friend of mine that had a barn shop came along and said, hey, you know, tell you what I'll pay you. And my background for those other five years had been accounting totally. That's kind of where, that's kind of where I kind of connected with you. I'm an, I'm kind of an IT accounting guy. I'm not. I've really lost some of my touch. But 15 years ago, like, I would spend tons of time and Excel macros and set up and like, that's kind of where I live numbers. And that's, I love it, but I really kind of lost a bunch of that over the last six or eight years because, just because business, I've decided, You know what, I can't be good at everything. I've got to drop some things. And so I just purposely trim that thing back and but, but anyhow, so, so I had a friend of mine say, hey, you know we want you to do accounting for us. We know that's what you know, that's going to your background. And I said, No. I said, I want to do RTOS. And then he came back and said, hey, you know, how about I just pay you 85,000 bucks a year you do your RTOs and you do accounting, and you can do it from home. I said, Sure, why not? Like, you can't get much better than that. I'm trying to start up from scratch and and so I have an office at home here. And like, why not? It totally matches with what I wanted to do, like, I can live off of this and and keep get my RTO deal going. So that was in 2000 late 2014 15 range. I think maybe January 15 is when we started that, actually, and so, so basically, fast forward to. Day I'm still working with that was with Yoders portable buildings out of Indiana and Michigan. So we are currently still managing all of their stuff. And so it started with accounting over a couple years, turned into Yoders has no employees at all. We are simply a back office personnel. We charge, we charge Yoders currently, and I think we need to go up a little bit currently. It's 4% of all revenue, all sales, and that includes what that does is all the office staff. So we have our own purchasing guy, accountants, kind of all. Like, the odors truly has zero employees. Like, there are no there are none, I mean, so basically once a month, once a quarter, for sure, never happens. Monthly. I'll sit down with the owners and look over reports and stuff, and we'll talk every couple weeks. But they actually have another mini barn business that's about the same size in Illinois and Wisconsin. So Joseph and I will share ideas, but they're busy doing their thing. We're doing this. So, so that's moving along, going pretty good, and and so in 2000 Yeah, let's say 15. We started that, and over a couple years, added numerous people, and basically, just that kept growing sales. There 11, 12 million right now. Started about three or four and and that's been growing. Then two years ago, in October, we start, we also we picked up another company out of New York. So we have another eight shops in New York that we do basically the same thing, a new order, Amish guy that the business had totally outgrown him, totally, totally, totally, like, he was about three years too late, and it really cost him a lot of money. I mean, he had, because of his church position, he also he had, even at that point in time, he had rented another office and kind of tried to subcontract some stuff out, working with game and accounting and a couple Mennonite fellows and but he can't have any employees, nobody on payroll. And he's, he's, and he had all these, oh, it's just totally fiasco. But so, so, so what we've got there is eight shops, sales there 15 or 16 million up there, covering a bunch of New York and and so over so, so that's from a manufacturing side. That's kind of, you know, when that's kind of been our journey, then kind of coming into that. So about, oh, let's, I'd say summer 20, early 2020 late 2019, early, 2020, we really started looking at online sales like this is really where we need to start pushing. So we hired our first girl doing online sales in, like, March of 2020 Well, you know, the rest of the story, like, so it's, you know. So she sold, obviously, anybody can sell anything, and, and so by, by summer 2020 we're so far behind. I said, You Listen, why don't you just go home? Like, well, it's just, we just laid her off, like we we have more orders than what we can build, and production is the problem, not sales. And so we, we got rid of her and and then did nothing on online sales for a year 2021 we got back into it. So, so then, yeah, late 2021 we hired right now we have five people doing online sales. So we hired a guy out of Missouri. He's a morning Mennonite guy from Missouri, just really good, and he's got four people underneath him. So right now we've got two people doing online sales in New York, two people doing online sales in Indiana, Michigan, and then we have one sales manager that's that's running that. And they're doing, they're doing, I would say, our which, it's only been a couple years now, but where they're at right now, they're, they're going to average probably about 1.2 or 1.3 million a piece for the year. So nothing crazy, crazy, but we're pretty happy. Yeah, and so, and then in the meantime, so that's the manufacturing side. So in the meantime, of course, our rent owned business has grown as well, and and so we currently are doing all the rent zones for all of Yoders and all of heritage. But that was not how it started. And really honestly, just Yoders all these years, these 10 years, we'd only done 25 to 50% then due to some other stuff that the owners had going, they really wanted to switch the rest of us. So I always made it pretty clear I'm like, we have a totally separate team. So we've got 25 people total here, and we have a totally separate team. Rent down is rent down, sales is cross. You know, manufacturing is totally over here. There's no There's no cross and and we want to provide value on either side. And if you. Yeah, and so that in the so in the past, before the first time ever this year, when I'm redoing our agreement with heritage in New York, I said that's going to be part of our 2025 agreement is part of the management is we want all the rent downs. There's, there's been some bumps up there and and I feel like we need it to make the numbers slow and to make things fit together better, but, but actually, never done that before, and I'm a little hesitant to do that, because I always wanted to make sure that that, hey, somebody wants to fire me for this they can, and I'm still bringing value over here. Oh, right. Well, an

Matthias Miller  15:34
alternative to that would be just a candid conversation to make the numbers work. I'm happy with either an additional percentage percentage point or whatever that needs to be, your fractional percentage or whatever, or commitment to all RTO contracts, yeah, which, which gives you, which covers you, and doesn't put them in a in a headlock position either. That's a good idea.

Speaker 1  15:58
That's a good idea. I could do something like that. So, and we still haven't finalized our renewal, but it will be in the next week or so, but, but otherwise so then at this same time. So we do rent downs for other companies, not a ton, I would say 50% of our rent downs would would have currently ended up being with these two companies. But we do a bunch of, actually, our numbers over the last three or four months have been almost we do a lot of, like trailers and mules, also leasing and financing. So I was just, I was just looking here, actually, I was just working on this before you called. So we've got like, 80 trailers out right now, and probably, you know, 150 200 mules out right now that are out on lease and and then we work with a local bank doing a lot of conventional financing for them as well. So we work with, let's say, WKm and Pine Hill and Cardinal scenic view, Myers, all those guys to a different extent, WKm and Cardinal would be probably our closest connection that we work with 100% the other, just more of some we do, some we don't. But like with those, you know, customer comes in and says, Hey, you know, I want to buy this new trailer, but I don't have enough money. And what options have you got? We'll, we hit, we'll, we'll look at either like a lease agreement or or conventional financing to where the The catch is, you know, we obviously the leases we all do in house, the financing is a straight pass through. We make 200 bucks to do the paperwork. The catch is, just, is WKm wants that they want to send their customer to one person that can get them money. So we have never said, No, we can get them money. And so, that so, so we just candidly work together on that and do a lot of even short term leases. Do a lot of leases where, you know, you have a, have a young guy, 21 year old, that's trying to get started. He doesn't, he can't borrow a couple 100,000 we get him started six months later, we flip him over to a loan and and save him a bunch of money, and move through them and just but we've kind of got one, we've kind of got a couple guys doing, one guy full time, just doing leasing and financing that's remote, and then the rest of the course, the accounting team and stuff that would be here taking care of all the paperwork side of it, but basically one full time guy that's just out there working in the people. And so, so that's kind of what we got and and with kind of, maybe jumping back into what you were saying earlier, is, you know, that's what I told Richard. I mean, I said, you know, oh, there's, you know, I don't know what all you're looking to get into, but there's a, there's a tremendous vacuum out there for people to do what we're doing and it but it's tough, because you have a guy that you know starts a business and gets going and really likes it, like his blood, sweat and tears to hand over. It takes us. It takes us a while and some, and in our couple cases, sometimes longer than others, to really understand what they want. Like, it's a it's like building a website for somebody. Like, if you, if you have a really good web designer, that website looks like the person, the personality of the company, and you can have a beautiful website that says all the right things, but just just doesn't feel right. It just doesn't, just doesn't feel right, because it's not who I am and and that's kind of what we've discovered with this is, is we've, we've been pretty successful, but not not hit it out of the park. I mean, with our Yoders deal. It is the best relationship we could possibly have with our heritage deal. We just we, we keep bumping, you know, you think you're good, and then all of a sudden, oh, because I always tell people like, you know, like, in this particular case, I'm like, Hey, you tell me what you want. Do you want to grow? You want not to go. What do you want? Our job is to do a really good job of what you want. It's your business. You're paying me, but, but I can't have a team, and our team is very structured, so I can't have a team that's getting jerk round every week. I do not want you like, I made it. We've had some of those bumps until we actually, like, redid our contract. And then the contract stated that that the owner is not allowed to communicate with anybody except me and my assistant, because if we have a plan, and you dare not call one of the whoever and say, Hey, we're gonna, I want you to run a sale over here and sell these buildings. But, like, we literally had this happen where, you know, the you know, literature would show up at a dealer and and we're responsible for all sales, and we don't know what's going on. I said this could never happen again. Like it may be fine, it may be a really, really good idea, but we've got, if you have a guy that's used to winging it and doing it all himself, it really takes a lot of trust and understanding the kind of the work together. And so it's tough, but it's, it's worked. It does work. It's just tough, but it won't work for everybody. I don't think I've had conversations with with some Amish guys that we've that we've got in pretty deep. And I'm like, you know, it's just, I don't you're not you will, you will, you're not going to let go. Like you have to let go for us your job. Otherwise, if you truly want just people that could put hamburgers together at McDonald's, you need to go hire them like, that's not our team. Like we have a really good set of guys that we that they think, and if you have a set of guys that think and try to figure things out, and then you just jerk their chain all day long, you just, you just

Matthias Miller  21:47
frustrate everybody, lightly, ruin their their Motivation. And totally, totally, yeah, yeah, that's fascinating. It's mirrors. My perspective, or not, sorry, mirrors parts of my experience. Makes a lot of sense,

Matthias Miller  22:17
yes and yes to the contractual requirement to communicate through you and your system. Do? Your

Speaker 1  22:24
system. It seems hard, because I'm not used to that, but we actually did that like, actually like, like. So this is the breach of contract. If you, if you send an email, send orders out to somebody else, you know, because, because we would have, like, let's say our company rep, that's that's setting up new lots of doing stuff, and he would get a he would get an email saying, hey, I want you over here to check on this dealer over here. Like, wait, no. Like, we have weekly team calls and a plan, and he's on track, and he does a good job, and you cannot just trick him around, like, we're going to lose him. Like, like, like he's going to quit. Like, you can't have a good guy like that that, like, that's my job is to kind of be the buffer is, I can get the crazy emails, and I can say, Okay, you sure you want to do this? If you want to do this, okay, this is how we're going to do it. So I can massage it. Say, Okay, we'll implement this. And I can also say, No, you know, I can't do that today. Whereas, if you have a low level employee, you really can't tell the owner of the company. No, I can't do that. Like, like, he just, he can't. He doesn't have that authority. But I can do that. So I'll just say, Caleb now. I mean, we've got, there is no way I can make it happen this week. I'll make it happen next week, and this is what we can do. Do my best to make it happen, and then we'll do it. And that has worked pretty good, because we actually, me and Caleb out there, actually have a pretty good relationship personally. But it's, I think it's mainly because of simply my level of authority, as it were, or as a peer that I can, that I can, I can push back and say, you know, you sure you know? Like I just did that just, just last night, we were working on some stuff. And he's like, you know, we need to do some, I mean, and he gets these funny ideas about, you know, sales are down for a week, and immediately we want to run discounts, do crazy stuff. I'm like, Caleb, are you sure? Like, we're not going to, I mean, you do some 20% discounts. You and I are not making any money zero, they're zero. And are you sure you want to do that? And he's like, Yes, I do. And I said, Okay, which, but that, that that that is why, that is what part of the reason we redid our agreement for next year is because I raised our rates and and didn't worry as much about a profitability bonus at the end. Because I'm like, you know, you you wanted to, like, it's kind of brutal, but

Matthias Miller  24:43
it's true, you can spend the profit that you want on discounts. It's fine, but it doesn't have to impact your you don't have to go writing the roller coaster with them exactly on it. Yeah,

Speaker 1  24:55
but my goal earlier had been kind of kind of the layout we had used earlier was. Was that basically that we we run at 4% and then we have a a profitability bonus that is scaled on return on investment. So, so, so our, our goal is to make as much money as possible with the lowest investment possible. Now, as we get that fit together, then, then the percentages go up like, like, so, so that it puts our team in place. And I actually divide it with with our operations manager and production manager, but they see the numbers, and I'm like, so, so they have ownership in the game. It's so it's not like, let's just put another million dollars worth of inventory out there that will directly affect their bottom line. And so so to get everybody on board, but then, if you have an owner that just doesn't, you know, just a pretty smart guy, like, honestly, Caleb is really smart, but he just, there's definitely some business sense that he doesn't get, he just doesn't get and and so, so I try my best to help him, and we're staying good and profitable, but I think we're wasting some money sometimes. But

Matthias Miller  26:07
yeah, yeah, makes sense. So that's kind

Speaker 1  26:10
of it. Yeah, that's my long story. But, um, yeah, that's kind of where I'm at. And so I Yeah, yeah, what are you looking for? What can i What can I help you with? Well, I mean, I,

Matthias Miller  26:22
I've been thinking, praying, having conversations about where to go next. So part of the trouble I have is that I'm, I am self professed, a very multi, passionate, creative individual, and I know that me, while simultaneously, there's this weird blend of, you know, the folks I've been around have said, have repeatedly told me that, you know, you are a bit of a co type and and I don't, don't completely disagree, and it comes down to maturing and learning to channel this and all of that stuff. But I've been been trying to figure out, looking at direction, and particularly what I want is to be able to build a business that that whether it's, whether it's, you know, 10 or 20 hours a week, and I don't really have any pretense of, well, okay, leverages experience and and aptitude and relationships that I already have, resources that I have, and it allows me to to operate it. You know, 1010, to 20 hours a week without pulling my hair out. And it's really I feel sometimes, with the work ethic that I was raised with, this is kind of like, I don't know, some kind of, sometimes feel guilty for saying this, but I have, I want freedom and the rest of the time to go just straight up, explore stuff. I've got a friend of mine. We're getting into podcasting with business owners, and there's this whole thing they've been developing with with him. And, you know, there's the space. So basically, create space where this is the lane I run in. This is where I stay focused. And here's the space where I've got permission to go create be, you know, not blow money, but be irresponsible with my time. Let's go. Let's go down this rabbit hole, and let's see where it leads. Let's see what emerges, all of that stuff. So, so, So where could I see your help. Well, one,

Matthias Miller  28:51
I don't know that I'm being, you know, fully candid. I don't know if, if I'm the most, the guy who most naturally runs a lean ship, but I've also learned a lot in that regard. So I guess kind of the question is, sorry, there's a lot of rambling I'm getting to the answer, a lot of out loud thinking, if there is space for more of this, whether it's a, let me go start my own thing, whether it's a, whether it's a subcon contractor role that allows, allows me towards this end game. I think ownership probably is, I mean, ownership, or whether it's a, you know, even phantom equity, or there's some other type of arrangement where there's mutual benefit, I think that's interesting to me. If. But if you're like, hey, I already have, well, I don't know. I think ultimately what I'd be looking for is if I would end up building something like this, is there a space that we can both. We can find a respective lanes, not be tripping over each other. I don't want to have conversations like this without the without the awareness of how these things can go sideways. So So building out that kind of that wrap around back end for the Amish, it's definitely occurred to me before I've been around it, just I've said it on the table, not until Richard said something, did I really reconsider bringing it back. So that's kind of option one I'm looking at can help there, specifically, as much or as little as you want, in whatever form it could look, whatever you get back, whatever I get, whatever it could be, as little as let me introduce you to people. Let me give guidance on contracts back, back to you. There's a bunch of, you know, tech sales, marketing stuff like, is there a way that this blends together? Should it be blended? Should just be separate? Option two that I'm playing around with as I'm looking at the industry as a whole is, out of 2500 websites, there's 2% that have HubSpot implementation, something like that. And the real need in the industry is you could straight up run a business. Just go, go find something like high level with an affiliate fee, and just do CRM implement implementations all day, every day, and just go to and I've done like in my prior life, I've designed and ERP system. So I know a thing or two about how those these things work. So that's kind of the option, too, that I'm also looking at. Just build up, build up the load until, or build up the base until there's enough MRR coming in from that. The kind of third piece that I've been playing around with, which I don't really know if there's space for this, but, you know, there's, I don't know if I have enough gray hair for this yet or not, but some of the most productive places I've found myself in has been working with the second in command and some of these businesses and just helping them to process things and giving them different perspective. And both from just, both from pragmatic, like, like, seriously, implement this one system in 15 minutes a week, and this whole thing is going to go away, and your sales guys are going to stop complaining, and they're going to start selling. So can you just please go do that to, I don't know, just more soft skills related stuff, like, you know, leading with curiosity and just, how do you navigate tension, conflict in the workplace? To, by the way, there's this one thing that you have in your head that you have to do that nobody else can do, and you're hanging on to it and you hate doing it. And can we at least explore why it is that you're still doing that because it's really not serving you or the company all that well? So having that as a sounding board, or being being that kind of sounding board also, that's, you know, it is a very easy way for me to integrate that stuff in what I believe to be a high value, high value basis. So, does it build? Does it allow me to build a business as an asset that completely extracts me? No. Does it give me the capacity to earn a respectable income with with minimal time, it gives me freedom to do all the other stuff. Yes, is there room within those other hours to build business as an asset? Yes, so it's those three, or even a combination of those seem the most natural. And I don't know what to ask for, to be completely honest,

Speaker 1  34:26
I find it, yeah, it's interesting because I, because I understand what you're saying, and I'm not, I don't know which direct, I mean, you know, and then kind of at the big, you know, kind of on the onset, as far as if you, let's say you wanted to replicate what, what we're doing, I there, I think there is probably enough work out there for 100 people doing like, what we're doing like,

Matthias Miller  34:52
it's, it's,

Speaker 1  34:55
there is no shortage of of people out there. I. That, because what has happened in the barn industry is same thing that's happened in a lot of other industries. But it's simply the fact that what what makes somebody a good builder does not make him a good salesperson or a good even a good manager. He just may be a good carpenter. That's all. He is, just a good carpenter and and and that's, and they've outgrown themselves, and especially in the digital age we're in the day, that's, that's a big thing. So, so on that side, I think there's a lot of and, and there's companies. Well, in our particular case, we've had a handful, not a lot, but a couple different people that. So, so we have not actively, really been pursuing growth. I mean, in 10 years, we've gone from, you know, one to 25 people and, and, and that's I'm like, I feel very strongly in in a business as a ministry. And so we have a lot of things going on within the work that that are very important to me and and so, so where we're at? I'm totally fine with, it's almost too much like, like, it's, it's grown a lot fast. I'm now, do I like growth? Yes, I do. And I look, I look for some more growth next year, but I don't want, I don't want to do anything crazy. I'm not looking to quadruple my size next year. I want to make sure that we have a consistent, good, solid focus team with values that are sustainable, and we keep on going and which that kind of goes into the next point of, you know, leadership and how you know, coaching. I currently am part of a group called C 12. I don't know if you're familiar with that at all or not. I

Matthias Miller  36:46
just spoke with their local the principal chair here in Colorado, and a month ago spoke to a one of the directors in northern Dallas area. So just to recently become familiar with them. Yeah, have

Speaker 1  37:01
done that for a couple years, and and that. So I started that in spring of 22 I believe, is when I first signed up for that and, and so that has been that that probably, personally, has been my biggest change in over the last couple years, is, is the the deliberate taking one day a month focusing on the business. And through that period, we also, I also moved another fellow up over all operations to where I basically have two direct reports right now and and it's I felt like I needed that. Like in my case, ultimately, I have the two barn companies, and then we have the equipment leasing company and the RTO company. So we have four, four companies, two that we own, two that we take care of, so four separate companies that I'm responsible ultimately for, the vision and direction and focus on where we're going. And of course, understandably, like the barn companies, they're very similar, but still it takes, I have to be able to back up a little bit and get away and so, so my operations guy is terrifically focused and very, very, very structured, and we have a just an amazing relationship. Like, we're different as day and night, but he has no aspirations of owning his own business or taking a lot of risk and but just loves doing what I what I dream up of. He makes it happen. Like, just loves it. And he's young, 25 years old, you know, young Mennonite guy that just gets it. And, you know, we work together for about six years now, and he's just like, it's just perfect. Like, he takes my crazy, you know what? I come up with something and like, and it's like, hey, Nat, how can we implement this? Like, how will this work? And he's like, No, we can't do that. Or we can do this and or this is how we can do it. And so we bounce it. And then he just makes it happen. It happens because, because I then go on to the next thing, like, I'm out of there. And so I would, that's where I was missing it earlier on, because I would go on and didn't have anybody good implementing it, right? And so, so when you talk about, you know, coaching and helping that team like I've realized more for myself over the last couple years how valuable that is to have somebody like that. And, you know, just somebody somewhere to go, that you can and, and because a lot of it is in my experience, for myself, I think probably 95% of it is accountability, most of the things I know, but, but it's accountability of, hey, we're going to sit down next week again and we're going to go over our goal. Goals and what we had talked about, and, and, are you going to fire this guy? How are you going to deal with this situation, if it's just me and we kick it down the road, you know? And, and we're just just that, and that's within what NAT does with the team is, is as a very structured now, you know, meeting structure, accountability structure, to where, you know, nothing gets missed. Like, if there there's tasks, there's, you know, every week it takes the team, whatever it is, sales, production, accounting, whoever he's, you know, whatever that is, they dig in and and keep it flowing. If we're going to make this change in accounting, we're going to, we're going to it, it'll be on the agenda, and it'll be a task that's that's discussed and updated weekly until it's completed. It doesn't, it doesn't just, hey, we talked about it last spring. Did it ever get done? Like, and and so there's a lot of that stuff that I feel, you know, for myself, I feel like I have grown a lot in the last couple years. It's taken me a long time to get and and I'm not, I'm not well, I just have a ton to grow yet. I'm not like, I don't feel like I'm topped out. But I I feel better about a lot of things, and more comfortable, more relaxed, more relaxed, more comfortable with what kind of where we're at is it's not like, it's not like everything's always on fire. It's like, hey, there's a plan, yes, and and so, so when you talk about Yeah, implementation and helping with coaching, I think that's great. And you talked about your HubSpot deal, I think that's huge, like we have. So Darren, my guy I've got on sales management is, is a HubSpot nut. He actually, we actually had a guy out of Indiana, Chris dials from stompbox. I don't know if it's may not be somebody you know at all or not, but that is that does HubSpot training. And we actually had him on here a couple weeks ago, him and Darren and Nat did a one hour zoom call, and he got out the calls. I say, there's nothing I can do to help you, like you guys have got it but, but having said that, I feel like I still challenge Darren afterwards, because I feel like, and maybe this is where you're going, is so Darren told me the other day, you know, so over the last he's got, whatever it is, 40,000 contacts in there and and I said, How can we do a better job of, even now retroactively, going back and screening those, which of those could be revived and which could not? How can we do the best job possible at leads coming in know which ones to ignore right now, which ones to take care of, and that may go into, you know, kind of an AI world, then, is what, what old tools can we use to get even more like? I think Darren does a terrific job at setup and automations. You know, templates, processes does just an awesome job. Like, like, they've got that thing down pat, but, but I don't think that's all there's to it. I think there's still more there. And I don't know where all you're going with HubSpot, but that's where my mind goes when I think of what would be the next level of like. So we've got all these leads. How can we do How can, you know, is there a way, like, statistically, there is out of those, let's say 40,000 leads. He's got there statistically, there's a way to sort those. And there's 100 of those that could be sold. And I know that's less than 1% that the fourth, you know, quarter percent, but, but they're there. They're they're there. How do we get them without, without blowing up the other 39,900 you know? And and so I think there's always, I think we've always got room to grow. And I don't know, yeah, again, I don't know where all you're going with that stuff, but, but I do think of things like that, and that's kind of where I but I haven't, I haven't pursued that any further. And I just, I just, I just had that conversation with Darren last week. And like, there's got to be a way, like we've had, we've had a couple of years worth of leads stuff coming in now, like, we've got almost three years now that we've used HubSpot exclusively. All the phone, SMS, everything is done within HubSpot. So, so, so there's a lot of data there that we've accumulated now. But can we, can we harvest more now? But I don't know. I mean, I would, yeah, I'm open ideas.

Matthias Miller  44:36
Well, there's, you know, I had a giant playground. I think, I don't know how, how long until this becomes completely irrelevant, but I don't think we're there yet. But if they're doing a customer data. Profile mapping it to particularly behavioral data, or event driven data, time driven data in consumer databases, like it seems to me, like in one of my former clients, we actually hired somebody to do this, in part, not with the timing piece, but just with other other key variables, identifying key variables and defining people who were likely to buy. It seems to me like you could build a customer model that can you be Facebook and Google? I don't know that's that is the question. But if, if you can link some of these things to other types of, sorry, let me break this down. If, if you have this database, you have the database of events, if you have a corresponding, some kind of corresponding consumer databases, a database or databases of behavioral data on these consumers. Can you find patterns? Can you find timing patterns based on when people bought, and then use that to predict when people who are already in your pipeline are going to buy? And this is the other big dream that I have, that this is where, this is where. I think, actually one of my Happy Places would be a very large R and B playground, but outbound sales is one of the most predictable. Turn the knob increase leads if you get it dialed in, and it really removes your reliance on third parties like meta and Google, but it require and requires a customer profile, but it's also a really good candidate for AI so, so if You had an first of all, AI appointment setting, which immediately increases the amount of time that your salespeople gave this is just like sales people spend on the phone. Shockingly, the most correlated factor to sales success is how much time do they actually spend talking to the customer. I know it's really surprising, but there's other skills after that, for sure, but so AI prospecting and then building out the AI outbound, which you're going to lose about 40 to 60% of your market because of DNC regulations and things like that. But if you're, if you can have aI prospecting as another lead gen tool, you can, you know, I don't know, like there's not to mention the fact that just the simple thing of having all your history, having having an AI engine with all of your history, fine tune with your history to make it easier and faster to this is just low hanging fruit, faster to respond, to respond to customers like That by itself isn't isn't easy, short term win, I don't know. Yeah, having a playground like that to build out some of those things would be an absolute dream. Who do I know that I can convince once to invest what it would take to get that dialed in? I don't know. I'm not in a position to personally go that deep into that, but we could riff for a while on some of these things, if you wanted to. I'm sure

Unknown Speaker  48:56
what, what would that take? I

Matthias Miller  49:14
well, I think, I think the AI sales, sales agents themselves. Well, I don't know. It might not actually take that much. I'm not sure.

Matthias Miller  49:38
I think last I checked AI sales agents were running some something like four to 10, 10k a month.

Speaker 1  49:51
So not, not crazy. I mean, import, and if we can spread, obviously, what you you know, then what you need is just a little bit of volume. Is, you know, if you have some some sales volume to go with that, then, then it becomes not a big deal pretty

Matthias Miller  50:07
fast, right? Yeah, exactly. And especially if, I mean, one of the issues, and I don't know how it is with your team, but one of the issues with teams that I've seen in the past is that, okay, so what is is it 9pm is the consumer cut off time? Well, what's the best time to reach people? I mean, somewhere between five to 9pm and if somebody texts you during that time, you should pick up the phone and give them a call and chat, and maybe they're at the kids soccer game, but it's better that than being in a conference room because they were scrolling Facebook during a meeting. I mean, so being able to have them then work, having having that point of contact improve reachability by time of day is definitely a definitely be a huge benefit. So if you can figure out, or if we can figure out a path that we can implement this that gives you what you want, which is scalability in these aspects, and it gives me what I want, which is, well, okay, so, I mean, there's multiple paths you have. You can take this. You can go run with it. Go figure out how to put the pieces together. If I, if I could have my cake and eat it too, it would be, well, let's go figure out a way that this can be, you know, there's some kind of, I don't know where there's, you know, some kind of residual or something, or is there, is there some kind of play in here for me, that that allows me to, allows me to have that as a foundation while I go dance on the airplane range. I

Unknown Speaker  52:05
Oh, that intrigues me.

Speaker 1  52:17
So you're so so just off, just off the top of your head. So if I, so, if I if I've got, so, let's say, for example, I feel like we've got, and I'll be honest, I'm not, I am not inside HubSpot, and this like, I don't I have a pretty I have a very high level of confidence, but, but not a lot of personal in depth knowledge of, like, what all is going on there. So, but based off what I'm what my just kind of what I'm dumping out there. So, so, so you think you could take that team that is selling, let's say, let's say they're, they're probably going to end up the year a little over 5 million, and between five and 6 million, and if they have the kind of the foundation in place you you you think with some of your ideas and processes, that could be bumped up, but another 1015, 20% there really, you feel there is just a substantial amount more potential there, and that's hard to say without even looking at it, but, but historically, what's, what your thought process is, is, is, and based on what I'm saying, so I'm not, I'm saying we're not using other extra tools. We've got a, we've got a, you know, we're doing a lot of Google Analytics and focus there, and we have a social media side, you know, marketing side there that they do a lot of focus. And so we've, we've and really watch that stuff. They really live there. So I think that is, I think we have a competent team, a good, good team doing that. But, but there's more. Is, what is? What I'm hearing from you? Well,

Matthias Miller  54:00
I mean, I think pretend. I mean, I think Potentially, yes, I think, you know, part of the challenge that I have is that some of this is going to be R and D. I mean, there are tools out there for improved media buying. I'm not, I'm going to guess that if any of the companies are doing them, it's probably, it's probably only a couple of the bigger ones that can give better, that that can that can lower some of the you know, media spend even on that, on that front, um, so the answer is, Well, the answer to anything, especially if I put on my engineer hat, is, well, maybe, or my accountant hat, I don't know whichever one maybe, but I don't know what. Really get in there. It could be that there's a glaring issue with or a big opportunity within your within your within your HubSpot, that within the sales process, that could lend a 20 to 30% growth, 20% growth. But it could also be it's so tightly tiled, dialed in that No, you guys, you guys, have it nailed, and I don't, I wouldn't really know without taking a closer look.

Speaker 1  55:40
So okay, so, so shelving that for just a minute now, if we jump over kind of to the to the management side. So, so with, with, with where you're at now. So, so let's, let's say, and I obviously haven't, this is all been kind of a new idea, so I'm just kind of thinking out loud, like you were earlier, is, is, is, let's say that, that we we want that ideally we would have a bit of a so. So let's say, for example, that we wanted to look at the opportunity of adding more manufacturers, doing more management. We've got, we've done it for 10 years now, and have SOPs for everything like it. And we have a structure in place that just adding another manufacturer or two truly would not be hard. Like, like, like, we, you know, it's like we had another shop. We've currently are running 11 shops right now, and we have a purchasing agent that has a system that gets it so, so doing that isn't really hard. So let's say that that you come to me and say, Hey, I've got this. I know of this guy in Colorado that that could really use what you're doing and, and could we add him and and provide you with some type of residual income off of that, and also tap into you for some operations, coaching guidance with that. And even broader than that, even existing,

Matthias Miller  57:24
yes, I think a, I think some kind of I like where you're going. I think some kind of deal where I am enough of a I have enough ops in me that I love structuring calendars because it makes coordinating easier. But I have enough, not that in me, that sometimes it's just straight up fun to get a text and say, Hey, I got something I want to bounce off of you. Can we talk this through? I've got a pair of headphones I wear, and I'll go walk outside while I'm on the phone and talks through. So having that, that kind of thing that you're describing, yes, really interesting, where one of the things that I've had to do in the past that I haven't really liked is this, this feeling of I felt constrained in some of my consulting because sometimes my own fault, sometimes just the arrangement where it's okay. You hired me to fix this problem. There's this other glaring problem here. We didn't there's no compensation for me. Fixing this, this over here is going to make you a lot of money. I really don't want to open my mouth, because I'm not going to shoot myself in the foot. I don't want to be a stickler, but I'm also not going to shoot myself in the foot because, like, that's really valuable. I mean, I'm not saying that. And sometimes those things just, they're not necessarily everyday things, but everyday occurrences. But, or, or, here is my time, you know, here is a set amount of time, and I want time to time guidelines for how much time to expect to spend, but where there's a 15 minute call, I don't want to be like, oh man. Like, okay, let's I don't know. Now have to build that out or whatever. I don't enjoy that. So having a space where I could be hunting these folks down by earning some kind of residual I think I'm and you would need to be involved in this process at a certain point. I think personally that I'm this really does not also bode well with my upbringing. This might be too frank and forward, but I still think it's true. I think I think I do well winning trust with people. I think I do well negotiating complex deals, helping them, getting to understand what's going on. I think that part of me that that part of warming up the relationship. To having that conversation. Could could work really well. And I do really like the idea of, hey, here's this resource. You know, me being the resource, go use it. Or like ideas like that, or even even being able to, let's say this AI idea with with Nat like I am also fairly well connected outside of these circles, outside of the industry, probably better connected outside the industry than inside. And so there are some really fantastic people that that I'd be able to bounce, bounce things off of along the way as well and bring them into the mix. So I like what you're describing.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:54
I Yeah, yeah. So what's our next step? Think about it, pray about it, brainstorm a bit more.

Matthias Miller  1:01:19
Yeah, hold that. I think, I think it would be one of the things pragmatically that would be helpful to know, is, what would what is a reasonable percentage, what is a reasonable residual? I Yeah, and how does that translate? Well, I don't even really know that. I need to know how it translates. Besides, to the client. It's great client revenue, but having that frameworks that I know, okay, well, how far would I have to build up? Exactly and and also your pacing of growth. Do you if you're only looking at bringing on, you're only looking to grow 20, 30% a year, or 1010, to 30, whatever that number is, well, then that's, you know, what's maybe

Speaker 1  1:02:24
not enough for you on your end, is what you're thinking, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:02:29
yeah. Is it going to be enough? Or is this just, I'm not opposed to this being part of the puzzle. I'm very comfortable wearing multiple hats,

Speaker 1  1:02:49
because it could be a couple different ways. I just, I just pulled out. I have my five year plan in my backpack here. And you know, so our projections for 28 are double what we are now, you know, that's, this is what like, what are in our planning meetings is, this is where we're looking for, about a you know, the roughly 20% is going to borrow what our projections are, what we're shooting for and But you know, again, I'm open on that. I'm not like. I do feel like again, and like so many others, probably, I've gone from over the last five years, gone from hey, let's see what opportunities are out there, and we utilize opportunities. We still do that, but to where now, you know, we've got December 5 and sixth. We've got two days of offsite with a leadership team and really digging in. So, so what do we want to see? Like, it'll still depend on what God has for you, how things fit together. I get that, but I'm not, I'm not knocking that, but somebody needs to have a plan around here. Like guys like, this is, this is real life. Yes, exactly, exactly, and dialing in on, like, what are we good at? Like, because that's something I'm kind of bad at. Is, is, is seeing, seeing other opportunities, you know, hey, shoot, I could be. I could be. How about buying, you know, somebody we want to, you want to own a trust job too, sure? Why not? And a couple weeks ago, going to the guys you know, after the hurricane, you want to buy some trucks clean up hurricane stuff? I'm like, Sure, why not,

Speaker 1  1:04:35
raw stuff like that? But I've got my team, and that says, no, no, we're not doing that. Okay, got it. Sorry, we can't

Matthias Miller  1:04:42
got it. Well, you can. I think a very practical next step is you can have a conversation with Nat that there's this guy that Richard introduced me to, like, I gotta know this is one of my her brain ideas or not. I think that would be an appropriate conversation. That's exactly. Where I would go.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:06
Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:05:07
that's exactly. That's exactly the next step. And the funny thing is, Matt and my wife Charlene, their their personality matches. We use PI, a predictive index a lot internally here, and like, their profiles totally match, and they totally connect. And so it's like us three, and it's like two against one every time.

Matthias Miller  1:05:28
You know you have to have a really good argument, or you have a really winning idea, if everybody's on board, I love it. That's awesome. Do you think, just from the outside looking in between CRM implementations, and just get somebody on some kind of CRM, whatever it is, and the hey, look, you're in over your head. Let me give you some of the business skills that you need, or you've got this GM who's running it. Let me help develop leadership in the GM. Do you see one or the other as having like, Oh, this one's going to be considerably easier for you. You should consider this one.

Speaker 1  1:06:17
Okay, let me so. So let me make sure I understand. Some so you're asking me what I think would be a better fit for you, or how I'm not sure that I'm understanding the question, not necessarily

Matthias Miller  1:06:29
better fit. I feel like I can figure out whether it's a fit or not. I think as far as your understanding of the market and the industry, if I say, Look, we get 2500 people on listings that I've found, and I'm sure there's more who at least have websites. Let's go figure out how many of these people actually have a CRM, and let's see how many people we can get on a CRM. That as as an option, and option two being, all right, we got all these guys who are still going to hand over to their hand over their head, and let's go charge them, I don't know, 1000 bucks a month, and let's provide some mentorship for them and in their in their business.

Speaker 1  1:07:14
So I kind of live in option two. That's kind of the world that I see. I'm not out there looking at websites and CRMs and I would say option, you know that there's a huge market for that, for the, for the mentoring and leadership side of it, with, you know, you know, you know, even obviously, you know on my team, you know the needs that I've got, but, but then, Then moving on out from there. I think there's so many people that don't realize, just like I didn't realize 10 years ago that how much I would gain. Like, you don't have time to take a day off and really regroup, man, there's no way I could not do it. Like there simply is no way that I cannot do it. And there's a lot of people like we actually had in at the NBS Ra. I was on the Planning Committee for National shed barn rental Association this winter, or, sorry, that was this fall, like in September. And so we brought a guy in that had a class. He's an EOS implementer, but had a class just on the need for coaching, for leadership, like the like, Come on, guys like, you've got all these guys that that just like me, honestly, exactly like where I was, that I'm not going to pay 1000 bucks a month for somebody because I don't need it. And why would I take a day off anyhow? And then when you actually start doing it, you're like, hold it like this is, and what's amazing for me is, like, you know, if I look at Nat, my wife, Charlene, and some of our leadership team, that is very black and white practical, is, they thought I was crazy, but, but today they would, they, that's one of their biggest things. Is like, that's, that's what may help make us today what we are as a company, is because I'm able to get away plan. They can make it happen then they could have all along, but they actually do a better job when I'm gone, because that has now helped and and so it's really giving a lot of stability to the company and, and I think there's a tremendous need for that, you know, just on and, you know, in a ton of industries. I mean, when I think of the shed industry, of course, I mean, there's a lot of that, because you have a lot of those smaller, when I say small by, let's say, let's say somebody that sells three to 5 million bucks for the buildings and just is doing everything himself, and just doesn't take time to do anything else, but just come on. Have you When have you stopped and and really looked at stuff and and, and even me? You know, I'm not I feel like I've gained a lot, but I still really enjoy that. And I still like, like, literally, today I'm sitting here thinking, Where can I go for some more training on. On sales like on So, so here's my, here's my, here's where my mind went. And I don't have the answer to this. So, so I look at, I look at big picture, so I'm looking at our panels, and I'm saying, Okay, guys, we bottom bottom line. We are hoping to clear 15, let's say 13 to 17 is where we try to net net. I've seen it higher, of course, seen it bounced below 10, but we kind of really want to stay in that sweet spot. If it gets too high, it's just we're just attracting competition where we the market probably won't support that unless we really have an edge. But in the barn industry, there's not a lot of really big edges like so, so there's there's buying, and there's things that we can do. So so, so let's say that we, let's say that we, or our sweet spot, is around 15% so if we, what does that mean, that if I do a 15% discount on a building that we are making no money, how do I differentiate between our fixed costs and our variables and really dial into this thing better? Because I know there are guys that do a lot of short term discounts that are still doing all right and and I look at that 15 or 20% discount, I say you guys are stupid. There's way too much accountant in me that tells me that if, if I'm netting 15 and I take 15 off at zero, it's pretty simple. It's not, it's not rocket science, but, but there, but there's enough more equations that enter into this, just just the the volume that we start turning and actually, our fixed costs do stay the same. I get most of our fixed costs stay the same. So can I do that and actually still be alright? I'm thinking today like, I need some more help on that thing. Like I've, I've always been anti sale, anti discounts, very strongly. So I'm almost to a fault. And you know, our our ammo over the last year was we've done, almost year and a half, we've done virtually no dropping in pricing at all. Even though materials gone down, I have made it very clear I want to spend that extra money in training. Like, let's, let's get, let's get better at what we do. Yes, I mean, let's not start, let's not start cutting our throat, because we're going to need it later on. Let's spend more marketing than ever. Because sales are soft. I get it, but technically, our margins actually should be a little bit better. I'm going to spend that extra two or 3% 5% that we save on materials over two years ago, three years ago. I'm going to spend that on marketing and training and helping people. And in our case, we've actually got a full time sales coach, just, just a sales coach for the for the for the for the team on the ground. And that's what he does, is zoom calls and physically, you know, visiting different lots, and just That's all he does. It's just train, help, help. And so that stuff we weren't doing, you know, four years ago, but that we are doing now is, is to get better, and, but, but having said all that, like, yeah, how do we Yeah, where's the next level? Like, how can we make sure and keep that sustainable? And also, what happens is, is pretty quickly, and I go back a little bit like, with what you said. I mean, I'm Amish, but still a very conservative, Beachy. And it's like, man, you know, it feels kind of funny sometimes, when you're sitting in here thinking, and you're getting paid to do this thinking, or you think you are, and it's like, let's just come on. This isn't that complicated, guys. Let's just get let's just go do it. Like, that's what dad would have said on here. Yes.

Speaker 1  1:13:53
But um, so I don't know. I mean, I yeah, I don't know what your thoughts are on that, but that's, you know, that's, that's where my you know, that's kind of where I'm where I'm going with it is, it's just, yeah, what's our next? What's it? Oh, I actually need to cut out here pretty soon. Got to our teacher meeting tonight and went over your time.

Matthias Miller  1:14:14
My plan is good. I'm out inside. It's 430 here. I'm happy

Speaker 1  1:14:19
I got another 15 minutes before I got a hard cut off. Otherwise, I won't make time for the children, but, um, but, you know, so, so I don't think, and I don't know exactly what all you're looking for, you know, but, or what all you're wanting, are you looking for? Just, just, obviously, I feel like, in talking to you, I feel like you do bring a lot to the table. You're not looking for a $40,000 salary or something like that.

Matthias Miller  1:14:46
No, I'm not.

Speaker 1  1:14:53
So, you know, I don't know what you know. I don't know what all you're thinking. But you know, would there be enough value? Like, how could we. Bring like because there would be that side of me that would say, is there any way that there would be enough value to say, hey, you know, we partner up. You help bring us some more manufacturing companies. And on the manufacturing side, we can scale it up fast that that's not near as cash heavy. So I wouldn't, I would that that that side, I'm, I'm very little concerned about expansion RTO side. We have to keep in line, because we're dumping a ton of money out there. But if we, if we would look at at just adding to the manufacturing side, we could double that next year, and that wouldn't kill us. It really wouldn't. Well, we hadn't really anticipated that, but that that could be done, that wouldn't be out of the world and and keep that, keep that side of it separate and, and so could there be enough value and profitability generated over on that side, mentoring Val helping take our sales team, you know, we've got, I mean, and I think that's a our Online sales team. I think there's huge potential there. Like, like, I had that. I had told him our my personal projections had been, we had, I told him, let's do 2 million last year. Let's do, let's take that up to seven or 10 million by next year. And and so he went, we went from two to five. Yeah, we're going to be at five or a little over this year, and and I really wanted him at 10 or 12, but I think, I think there's tons of financial there, like so. So how much value is there that you could help bring to the table? I don't really know. I guess I don't really know what that would look like. I haven't. It's just again, I'm just kind of candidly thinking and talking out loud here. I'm not. I'm not. I haven't brainstormed this thing out further. You know, if there would be a way that that, that you could with, that, if there would be enough, because, because this is, this is where you and I actually bring value to the table. It's not by putting in hours, it's by it's by experience and giving direction and helping. So if there's stuff, let's say, let's say with the sales team or, or leadership, mentoring, and, and that type of stuff, like it doesn't. I mean, we've all seen it, but it really multiplies fast when you have, let's say you have a sales team that's selling 15 or 20 million in a couple years, like they don't. There is very little that needs to be tweaked to produce a tremendous, a lot of value. Like, if, if, if you come out and say, hey, hey, let's do this. And we can, and we can increase sales by 10% Well, that's an extra couple million bucks in sales that, right? And that's, you know, a 10% number is not out of the picture at all. That's totally within the realm of possibility. And could very well be a lot more than that. And I think that's where, where you come in is, that's where you would bring value without saying, Hey, I'm going to be available 50 hours a week. That's not, that's not what you're looking for. And

Speaker 1  1:18:20
or do you, do you want to do the so? So let's say, for example, that you've got a couple that you've got some contacts that need some of the services that we offer. Would you? Would you want to have that as your company and you and but, but you don't want to deal with the junk that I deal with, but you don't want to figure out how to do lumber purchasing and that type of stuff. And you say, hey, I'll just pay you X amount to do to have the team in place, but I'm going to have an agreement with you know, Joe's sheds and and so I'm going to charge him 10% and I'm going to pay you 7% to do all the physical work, and the extra 3% is your or whatever. Again, I'm just like, totally throwing out numbers, right?

Matthias Miller  1:19:13
There could be a white label subcontract type of arrangement, totally and that that might actually make, that might, that might make some some sense as well, in some ways it, it cleans up the business relationship.

Speaker 1  1:19:37
I'm not very I'm not very pro, like having tons of legal documents and all kinds of legal contractual stuff. But I am very pro having everything written down and agreed upon. Like I've seen so many relationships ghost our and like, you know, even in my little world here, you know, it's like, I just, I make. Sure that everything we have, very little of our stuff is actually, you know, reviewed by an attorney for for, like, our contracts and our, well, obviously RTO stuff is but then when it gets to stuff like with, let's say, with K, you know, with the manufacturing and RTO guys and stuff that, but everything is written out and signed. So the expectations are clear, because I do not remember what I said two weeks ago and a year ago. I do not and so, so if, if we do take anything like this, like I would, I would want some very clear expectations in writing, just just, I don't, I don't want. I always tell my team, like, like, there's enough miscommunications and fallouts because of real problems, let's not do them because, because of stuff that could have been avoided. Like, just, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:20:54
yes, yes, yes, and yes, no, I'm with you and I, I don't doubt that I'm as thorough as you have, but with my consulting plans, I kind of have a standard, you know, I mean, so these good goes without saying, kind of a standard agreement, like you're going to bring issues to the table. You're going to bring them to me in a timely fashion, where I have an opportunity to resolve them. You can't fire me for being too good. Like, and yes, you might laugh at this, but this happens and like, so you know, if on the mentoring, okay, so there's a little bit of a thing on mentoring, which is, yes, I've helped build a business. I've sold it. It was, I, my opinion, it was a challenging market to get into. I think we did great. I've had a ton of experience, and I've been fortunate to spend time with some, I think, incredibly intelligent people. You know, that's all the stacking the pros, and then there's still sometimes the imposter syndrome of like, I don't know, did I really be doing this? But if I went down the mentoring route with other companies, is this as simple as just actually, probably networking is the most effective. And just saying, Who do you know? Or saying, Hey, I worked for this company over there, feel free to get a call. This is what, this is what it could look like. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:22:37
and I think, you know, I don't know what all your reach is, but you know, from from my end, and end of the string, or whatever I think I would have, you know. And obviously, this goes without saying, but I'll say it anyway, you know, I would not want to be recommending people without having so spend a little time together and making sure that, you know, I'm not, I'm not just gonna, but, but I do have, you know, been kind of in this industry for almost 25 years now and then, with all the with the rent downs and the leasing and we, I've got a lot of contacts, and I just kind of live here, and I'm kind of in that sweet spot, I, you know, of just, I don't know, I've just, I've got a lot of good friends, a lot of really good friends that are, that are obviously lot of competition stuff. But I definitely, I definitely look, look at, look at my outlook is, you know, a view of abundance of like, man, I've got all that I need, and pretty much all that I want and and so we've got, you know, work, work directly with people even competing in the exact same areas that we are. It's like, hey, whatever, call me anytime, like, what we'll brainstorm. It's like, don't worry. It's not I. I struggle with guys that that think that they that they have built their own little Empire, and they own, they own it all and and they're so tight looking. Like, man, there could be so much more in life than this. Seriously, like, it's like, the more you should, the more you help, the more you actually get rewarded. That's the crazy part of it. Like, it actually financially, I've rarely, if ever, I have seen times when people in business are super tight lipped and probably actually financially get ahead. But I've seen millions of times where people help others that they really shouldn't. On paper, they shouldn't. They should just be quiet and and they get rewarded more. Well, it's like Richard calling me, you know, I find that intriguing. Richard's direct competition. From an RTO standpoint, we've known each other, but, but direct competition. So, you know, like, Why is he calling me, connecting us? And, um, yeah. And where does he come into this? I don't know where all he comes in on this, but, you know, it's, it's like, again, I come at it from, hey. Yeah, there's more than enough for all of us. I don't know what all anyone thought of it. Either you know what his end game is, or what

Matthias Miller  1:25:07
he told me. He told me he he doesn't care if there's a way to for him to get involved in in this. He would love that. If not, he's he's not dependent on that. I completely can. And so back to getting to know me. I can tell you exactly where my skeletons are buried. Happy to I think so. So your name rang a bell. Did you have a conversation with Gabe from true point in North Carolina about doing, yep, so, so I was the, I was the over, potentially, probably overpriced consultant, VP of Sales and Marketing, that was running that operation during that time and, and I think there's a lot of things, kind of head scratchers looking back over that situation. So I don't always know what to make of it. So, but if there's a skeleton of them in my past, you know, what would I do differently? I'm not sure. I don't, I don't, I don't know for sure if I, if I would know for sure that I think, you know, Miss mishiing, a media manager, you know, definitely overpaying for that may have taken on too much of a fee or and I took on too much work for myself, and I ended up being in the trenches and not being able to lead, and I didn't have, I didn't get, let me say that, I didn't get the support that I that I needed to really do my job as well as that we liked. So I learned a lot. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:26:58
I don't know Gabe very well personally, but our deal in New York is a cousin of Gabe, just so it runs in the family and, and, yeah, Gabe is, and that example of Gabe is, you know, he had wanted to bring me on board and, but I said, No. I said, I'm not, I can't I'm not interested because of some conflict of interest. They're coming from the same areas, and I got pretty cold feet just with what he was saying. Like, I'm like, there's always more to the story. And he didn't, he didn't, I didn't. He never said your name. I didn't. I have no idea what all you were doing. He didn't, like, bash anybody. But I, yeah, I yeah, I was pretty confident. There was more going on. And I kind of, you know, after talking to him a couple times, I'm like, I'm better off staying in my lane there. And

Matthias Miller  1:27:51
you read some things between the lines, yeah, exactly, yeah. Well, I'm not going to defend myself. There's two sides every story. Lessons learned, by the way. Side note, Caleb. Caleb, if this is the right Caleb, and I think it is, Caleb's married to my cousin, Cory. Yeah. Corey is my cousin. So Jonas, my mom's my mom's brother. So if you're ever in that area, be sure to be sure to and you happen to see Jonas and Kathy, you have to see Corey. Be sure to be sure to send my greetings along, sure they will appreciate it. Small world, yeah, very never gotten to know Caleb all that well, just with distance and yeah, no, exactly, yeah, yeah, good. Well, let's Yeah, like you said, think about it, pray about it, and maybe I don't know when's appropriate. I guess we could probably leave it in each respective court. Circle back, and it might make sense to have a follow up conversation and kind of see where, where things are. I

Speaker 1  1:28:56
may I'm going to have to head out for tonight, but if I've got time tomorrow, I may just shoot you out. Maybe not tomorrow, but next day or two, I'll shoot you out to follow the email with some brainstorms and stuff, and I'll copy that in on it as well. Maybe just kind of connect that side of it as well. Maybe, maybe we're just going to start the conversation a bit and and just feel it out. Just because I'm and as you can tell, you know I'm not. I love conversations like this, and it really intrigues me on where we could go, having said that I'm not that hungry and just looking for anything crazy, but I just like, I just like this, but this doesn't treat me like it does intrigue me. And so I'm kind of like, hey, where could we go with this? If, if, if you think about and say, Oh no, you know, let's just, let's just drop it. I've got something else. I'll be like, okay, it's fine. I'm still, still a good conversation. Like, like, I still love connecting like this. And so I'm just kind of open, actually, really, just kind of like, Hey, this is. You know, is this something that could fit together? Is it just something that, hey, you know, I could, I know, I've done this with, like, some of the there's a Dwayne burkhold, or Dwayne and Leanne Burkholder in North Carolina that work with Gabriel, some like, and I'd literally send them my contracts and stuff and say, Hey guys, you know, here's what I do. You know, take it and if you can, if it helps you to do it, if not whatever, just don't hold me liable.

Matthias Miller  1:30:26
Yeah, exactly, exactly. And, um, you know, yeah, no, yeah, I like that. And even, even within your business, and even I would even be very comfortable with, and I don't know this is, I gotta let you go. You're past your time, but comfortable with, if there's a place where we talk, there's, there's comfort on both sides of the table that you're not in, you know, maybe it's further. I don't know what it looks like comfortable to make some introductions, if that makes sense, me filling a mentoring workload off of, you know, I mean what I'm well, a mentoring workload, and you can tell me what's viable or not. I would, I would love to have it somewhere around $500 an hour, kind of leadership, coaching, type of stuff, high level, in and out. Bring me the problems. Let's talk through it, whatever like let's make it let's and because you charge that, and that's the problems that are going to show up. And we're going to deal with that level of problems, not the other level of problems. But if, if there could be this space in which almost like a referral fee, where, I don't know, maybe there's this free exchange of ideas that can that, that happens because of that. It's mutually beneficial. I don't even know, but yeah, I gotta let you go. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:31:42
I gotta run. Really enjoyed this conversation. Let's, let's stay in touch. All

Matthias Miller  1:31:46
right. Sounds good. Thank you. Jonathan, Yep, yeah, bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai