Unknown Speaker  00:11
Hey, Kevin,

Unknown Speaker  00:20
there we go. Now I'm here,

Unknown Speaker  00:24
all right, and now my

Unknown Speaker  00:29
bluetooth is

Unknown Speaker  00:33
not behaving.

Unknown Speaker  00:39
We go, good,

Unknown Speaker  00:41
good. Got it? Okay,

Unknown Speaker  00:48
man, good morning. How are you? I'm

Unknown Speaker  00:54
here that

Unknown Speaker  00:59
remains to be seen. Remains to be seen. Let's

Speaker 1  01:01
put it to the test. By the end of the day,

Speaker 2  01:05
right? Had a great conversation with Arlen. What's the Thursday of last week? After we had our miscommunications and great conversation.

Unknown Speaker  01:20
Cool.

Speaker 2  01:23
Yeah, yeah, how he's he said, you guys kind of know each other peripherally, like it was almost kind of a, like, he he knew your sister, and then, you know that kind of thing, yeah. Wow. Isn't amazing how God moves and works.

Unknown Speaker  01:43
Yeah, it is. It really is.

Unknown Speaker  01:48
Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  01:55
Good. Glad

Unknown Speaker  01:55
to hear he was very eager to

Unknown Speaker  01:59
connect. So, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  02:04
yeah. He's in a very similar position that I actually find quite, quite a few people are in currently. It's like, I've done this my whole life, not really. I don't feel fulfilled, I don't feel alive, I don't, you know, those kind of things. Where do I go next? What does the second half of life look like? It's an increasingly more apparent circumstance in our world, or at least in my world, interesting. A lot of the conversations I'm having are along those lines,

Unknown Speaker  02:43
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I

Unknown Speaker  02:52
think it's a good thing if,

Speaker 2  02:58
if the spiritual directors and the psychologists are correct, each of us hits a point like that, somewhere between 30 and 60, and We just find ourselves in the dark night of the soul, like, where do I go from here? I spent my whole life building this whole thing, and it's not producing what I thought it would produce, and I kind of don't want to do it anymore. So where do I go from here?

Speaker 1  03:40
What? What what do you call that when you've had some variation of that for your whole life, right?

Speaker 2  03:46
I I would call you blessed, almost like the whole time God was like, maybe that's not the path, but you have free will. So he keeps going down this path and he keeps going. Have you tried this one? Let me try this one. Have you tried this one?

Speaker 1  04:13
I had a very interesting conversation with a friend of mine. He used to be a positional pastor at a church, and he resigned, and he made a comment about how many pastoral doors have opened up now that he's left pastoring.

Unknown Speaker  04:39
Yeah,

Speaker 2  04:41
it's funny I was we listened or we watched church yesterday morning, either one of us were feeling well, so we kind of stayed at home. And for the first time in a very long time, I heard a pastor say he compared. This. He's like, you know, when you, when you you've got internet service at home, and you call because it's got kind of expensive and they try and bundle everything else with the service. He made this analogy. He's like, that's what we've done with the gospel. We've taken the the pure, simple message, and we've bundled all sorts of other things onto it. And how about we just go back to the pure, simple message. I was like, wow, somebody's saying this.

Unknown Speaker  05:35
Are you gonna have a job after this? Yeah, exactly,

Speaker 2  05:38
yeah. I have expected him to be fired on the spot.

Speaker 1  05:45
I've had a fascinating call with a friend of a friend of mine, and he's all into this kingdom business thing, and asked me how he got started in it. And he's like, Well, I saw all of these billionaires, and I realized that world hunger could be solved with just a fraction that what they're making. And I'm just like, the whole way through the call I was, I've been, I've been cursed with perspectives from this guy who I just had to question. It's like, okay, so they're the problem, right? And if and he's, he keeps and the church is the problem, because the church doesn't teach kingdom, and kingdom is about the government of God. So just like, Okay, so we're going to take, we're going to displace this government for this other government, government, which sounds to me like a political move, which is kind of what Jesus told his disciples not to do, like, like, what am I? What? What are we missing here? I mean,

Speaker 2  06:56
it's almost, it's so enveloped in our nature, like we see a problem, we acknowledge a problem, and we rail against the problem, and then almost subconsciously, we recreate the problem over here. Like, what is that in us? Hey, because, because we can recognize the problem, and it's probably because it's personally affected us, right? That's that's why we recognize it, and we got to do it differently, but then we end up just recreating the problem over here. What is it about that makes us do that? I I

Speaker 1  07:56
mean, it probably requires some questions as to, why was it a problem in the first place, being done with this later, but I've had some very interesting conversations around my personality, my perceived personality, etc.

Unknown Speaker  08:14
And

Speaker 1  08:17
isn't it true that most of us find well, many of the problems that we face is because there is some power that is greater than ourselves that's at odds with something that we value, and and so Our natural response, then is, well, this is important, therefore I will use power to make sure that people respect the importance of this, and I won't be put into this kind of a position again, in which case it then becomes, I mean, Well, then that's, that's where it's a repeating cycle. And we use whatever means we've we've adapted so it might mean, you know, three basic patterns. One is anarchy. So let's overthrow the government. Let's ever throw this power number two, subvert. So let's, let's manipulate our way into the existing system and try to infect the systems that changes. And then number three is, oh, well, let's just break free. It's like the Declaration of Independence. We declare freedom. Let's break free and go create or do our own thing,

Speaker 1  09:52
right? This is, this is the cycle of church, of government, of humanity.

Unknown Speaker  09:58
Interesting, yeah. Yeah,

Speaker 2  10:00
it strikes me like that's not only organizationally, that's internally as well. That's a response internally anarchy, Subversion, freedom. I

Speaker 1  10:23
I don't like the way that I'm acting, I'm going to overpower myself. I don't like the way that I'm acting, I'm gonna one of my beefs with much greater

Speaker 2  10:34
myself. Yeah, yeah,

Speaker 1  10:39
all various little hacks to get you to do what you want you to do. And then what does the third look like when you abandon the recreate?

Unknown Speaker  10:58
Yeah,

Speaker 2  10:59
I guess it would seem to have to be a appropriate mixture of the two. Sometimes there are times to be anarchist. Sometimes there are times to be subversive. Jesus says it himself, I need you to be as innocent as doves and wise as serpents.

Unknown Speaker  11:27
What does that actually mean? The children of this world are way more shrewd than You. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  12:00
did you want to dive into the naming?

Speaker 2  12:03
Yeah, let's do it, because we can. We can spend hours and hours and hours on those topics.

Speaker 1  12:11
We can and both us be happy with the process, but not the, at least not the productive. Whatever. So what are your thoughts on? Did you have other ideas or names or thoughts or names I threw out?

Speaker 2  12:37
Yeah. I mean, I I like it. I mean, it's going in that direction, because there is, I mean, well, let's look at the the the touch points that we want to hit. Yep, obviously. Conversation, open conversation, obviously, community, open conversation in a group, obviously, yeah, just just a complete honest experience. That's a big thing. So I like the pub, I like the coffee shop. I like the I like this, the the ancient Greek symbolism, which it just struck me going back and looking at the, you know, the ancient Greeks of Greek symbolism. It's like, these are really just allegories for human nature. It's really all the Greek symbolism is, it's just, I have a like, I'm thinking about Homer. He's writing the Odyssey. Let's just take this the the sirens, you know, Odysseus and the sirens. Like, how many times you have to have an experience where you are pulled towards something that is destructive to you and you end up shipwrecked on this island of your destruction. For you to come up with that analogy of like, how about you tie yourself to the mast or put some beeswax in your ear so you can't hear this story, right? You know, and so I like that imagery that that's it's nothing new, like what we're saying here, the conversations we're having are not entirely new conversations, right? This is, you know, you. May, you may want to call it ancient wisdom, but for me, I'd look at it and say it's eternal, because every human being throughout time has experienced this. And let's not be let's not beat around the bush like it's not as if every human being has had this experience and come to this conclusion,

Unknown Speaker  15:27
right?

Speaker 2  15:30
The reason why we're in the state we are as humanity, as a society, as a country, as you know whatever is, because too many times we face these situations and made the wrong decision, and that's what generational sin is, right? Like your your family line was faced with this turning point, this fork in the road, and your family line has chosen this left path right, and it has brought you here, right. And so now we have another opportunity here and now another fork in the road. Are we sick enough of what has happened from choosing the left path throughout our family history and in our own lives to where we can go. Nope, I want this right path. That's the that's the thing,

Speaker 2  16:37
the path less traveled, referencing the Frost poem, yep, you rose to verged in a wood.

Speaker 2  16:58
You know, very, very honest, like, like in AA, one of the steps is to take a brutally honest moral inventory. Look at me, look at what I've experienced, look at the choices I've made, and be really honest about the effect of those choices. So all the all of this imagery is kind of going through my mind about what this is, What we're called to.

Unknown Speaker  17:40
So, Would it be Enough? I

Speaker 1  20:00
A little bit of a self revelatory moment, as I was doing research on LinkedIn groups and people that might, or people might already have an affinity towards this. And

Unknown Speaker  20:23
leadership had a very strong

Unknown Speaker  20:31
of all the other things that

Unknown Speaker  20:36
you know above the parts were the parts. Parts being, you know, emotional,

Speaker 1  20:40
emotional intelligence was actually shockingly high. But the other parts that compose leadership, whatever that might might be, or even things that might be psychological or philosophical in nature, those are all down at the you know, down at the bottom, like

Unknown Speaker  20:59
here and there, but

Unknown Speaker  21:02
the sweeping interest in leadership.

Unknown Speaker  21:14
What was the revelatory moment?

Speaker 1  21:16
I'm sorry. Shall I finish my comment? I and when I came out to Colorado at this nonprofit and horizons, it was all about leadership. It's all about the catalyst conference, and Steven Furtick and Andy Stanley and Craig Rochelle and all their cohorts and and it was like, Hey, if you can lead, you can do anything. Then I realized that there was one time when I picked up Craig groeschel's book. It actually asked for it for Christmas. My wife gave it to me, I think, or her family. I don't know somebody in her family, his book cousin about calling and all of that. And I picked it up, and by chapter two, I found myself getting extremely agitated. And my wife was like, why are you reading this? I was like, well, because, I mean, internally I'm thinking, well, I want to know, like, where is my cousin? What is this thing? How do I find it? And yet, reading this completely, I don't know. I don't know how else to say it. It's like when you've got poison ivy on the inside like

Speaker 1  22:49
and as I started separating myself, once I left the organization and just kind of went back to my natural path. And with that event, I started separating myself from leadership, and I said, I don't really want to be a leader. I don't really care about this leadership stuff. And then I had a friend of mine message who's continually talked about the fact how I share such great leadership insights on Facebook.

Unknown Speaker  23:25
I'm like, that's not what it is.

Unknown Speaker  23:28
And then coming around, I'm like, well, but maybe it's just,

Unknown Speaker  23:39
there's a whole other way of

Speaker 1  23:42
leading that maybe there's like, kind of like, your left road, right road definition, yeah. So yeah,

Speaker 2  23:56
I've probably from the time I was in junior high, like we'd have like leadership conferences or that kind of thing, because I was in like student government and that, you know, those kinds of things, and we go to these leadership conferences, and I felt like consistently, I was being asked to not be me within it, that could be the Steven Furtick type, like that just isn't my personality. I can't be that. I don't want to be that. Actually, that's distasteful to me, yeah, and so I've got this nasty taste in my mouth around leadership, or at least the conferences and, you know, all that kind of stuff, I got this nasty taste in my mouth and it didn't like it probably should have struck me earlier, but it just struck me as you were talking like, what was Jesus's mode of leadership? Up. What does he say about it?

Speaker 2  25:10
We've talked around the periphery of Brit of it certainly like to the heart of it. What does he say

Unknown Speaker  25:19
you want to be first, be last. You want to be the leader, be the servant of all? Yeah,

Speaker 1  25:32
well, and he had, he took issue with the leadership schools of the day, right? Major issue right call them out on ego and reputation management and conversation hypocrisy, and not that we would have any of those issues in any of our leadership institutions. Clearly

Speaker 2  25:58
not, clearly not, or inside ourselves,

Speaker 1  26:06
we've evolved, yeah, thank goodness,

Speaker 2  26:09
right, we don't deal with that anymore. I

Speaker 2  26:29
I, yeah, I find myself, you know, there's YouTube videos and that kind of stuff in between the videos, I actually want, want to watch their ads and like all of them. Like, are these, either business or Christian leadership videos? Sign up for our program and we'll turn you into data. You know, like, it's like, I find myself, those are just like entertainment breaks for me in between the serious videos, because I just start laughing at all of them. God is calling up a new generation of business leaders who are going to do it this way. And I'll teach you how, if you just buy my program. Oh, my God, no, for $20,000 you can have this, whatever 15,000 you can go through this, or it's just all nonsense to me.

Speaker 1  27:37
I think once you taste kind of well, it's not true for everybody, but for a certain type of person, once you taste fundamentals,

Unknown Speaker  27:51
you can't let go of them, right?

Speaker 2  27:57
Yeah, if we just Yeah, so again to like what my pastor was saying yesterday. Can we take all the bundling away, and can we just get to the simple message? Right?

Unknown Speaker  28:18
I have an idea. I

Unknown Speaker  28:23
The Infinity pub.

Unknown Speaker  28:38
Something about that really strikes me.

Speaker 1  28:41
It's it's eternity in a word that people can receive, right?

Speaker 2  28:54
This has always been true. There's never a time it wasn't. It's infinitely true, and we're going to talk about it.

Unknown Speaker  29:21
I guess.

Speaker 1  29:22
Good the word pub. Oh, you got to be kidding me, somebody's actually registered to the main crazy

Unknown Speaker  29:32
ah, who's

Speaker 1  29:35
getting ready to say because the great thing of the of the word Pub is that nobody uses it, but anyway, go ahead, yeah,

Speaker 2  29:48
I mean, I just like the idea of this has always been true. Yeah, there's never a time it wasn't. And marketing and strategy and human nature has always tried to subvert the truth of this, that the beauty is in the simplicity. It always has been. It's not a complicated message. It's very, very clear, hard to carry out, granted, no doubt whatsoever. But it's always been so clear. It's always been so simple. I

Speaker 2  30:43
The Blessed are the poor in spirit, interesting those who know that they don't have it all together, which stands in direct contrast to those who have it all together and have the answers and want to sell them to you.

Speaker 1  31:08
It's almost like there's also a form in which this is the this is this has got overtones that don't really work, but where this is the agnostic in the sense of, I don't know, right,

Speaker 2  31:27
which is a very holy thing, do not know. And we've taken it and made it a bad thing.

Speaker 2  31:39
I've been working with this client, lives in Beaumont, Texas, maybe a little bit over a year, maybe close to, I don't know, young 30s. You know, that kind of thing works for a Christian ministry that does evangelism, and then also works on the business side, which is like something in the mortgage industry, and she spent so tied to this, and this is her way out, and all the promises that were made to her about what her life was going to look like. And last week I asked her, I said, Well, how long have these have you had these hopes in place that your life would look like this. Oh, seven years, has it ever actually looked like what you were? Pro promised it was going to look like? No. Well, maybe we need to start doubting that. Maybe we need to deconstruct that idea. And for some reason like that clicked with her, because she's heard the buzzword deconstruction, and it means walking away from the church and all that kind of stuff. It's like, no What if deconstruction simply just means I see a machine in front of me, and I start deconstructing it, put it out on the table and see what is functioning and what isn't,

Unknown Speaker  33:01
hopefully, and then you could rebuild from there. What if that's what we're doing, is offering people a place where we can deconstruct your thought process

Speaker 2  33:15
in a community open, honest, caring, loving, all that kind of stuff, and it's going to get messy when you deconstruct, and that's okay, we're not going to walk away from you. Yeah, because we know what it's like to be messy, we've been messy ourselves, and probably will be again, so there's no judgment. Yep, I've made a slobbering mess of my life on multiple occasions, and I'm really open about it. And so here it is, and it doesn't scare me, because I've been there before, and we just walk through it together.

Speaker 2  33:56
There's something really, really powerful. I've got two points here. Remind me to come to point two, if I don't, in the process, there's something very, very powerful about deconstructing the perpetual motion machine, because our society pretends like there is such a thing as a perpetual motion machine, and until it collapses, we have no idea whatsoever that it's just false. And so it collapses, and where do we go? When the perpetual motion machine collapses? Where do we go? If everybody is under this, this delusion that this actually works, we could make it work. It's fine. And you've hit the friction of life, whether it's a relationship or it's a you know, it's it's your faith, it's your business, it's whatever you know, a big wedge has been driven into. The perpetual motion machine, and all of a sudden I'm not as I should be, and there's all sorts of shame because I'm not perpetually in motion. What do I do from there? What if they had a space to say, come here. We'll deconstruct it, figure it out. We'll reconstruct it, and move forward. That's point number one. Second point is it struck me in these conversations that we've had. It just struck me right now, what if we took these conversations and fed the transcript into AI and then created like just salient points over time, and use the website to publish those. And that's a springboard for the podcast, because people are like, Oh, wow, they're talking about all this stuff. I want to be involved in that conversation, right? I got stuff to say about that. I

Unknown Speaker  36:35
So i

Speaker 1  36:44
to the latter point, I think it makes sense. I think there's even we could even go so far as to maybe went a little bit more of a formal expectation in what we're doing, but of taking our conversations and training them into their own form of podcast, using it as

Unknown Speaker  37:09
its own form of content, right?

Speaker 1  37:16
There is a i i

Unknown Speaker  37:30
don't know what the right word is.

Speaker 1  37:34
There's also some sense of somebody who is a lost Wonder.

Speaker 2  37:58
There's this Stephen King wrote this series of Western esque Vagabond type of novels, The Dark Tower series, and the first one is the Gunslinger, and you find yourself following this guy who's just traipsing through the desert, looking for following this dark man, and all his, all his experiences along the way, trying to find this person. And he's dangerous, but he's not. He's compassionate, but he's also selfish and arrogant. And there's all these things. It's like this, like you just said, this sojourn into a very Abraham esque, like journey into the unknown. He's asking everybody what's on the other side of this desert. And there's all sorts of demons out in the desert, at least according to the mythology, and he wants to know how long it takes to get across the desert. And then he's going through and he's confronting all these demons. And most often the demons are in him. They're not out in the desert. Out in the desert magnifies them, but he comes to see like they're in him. Like, what if this is the journey we're calling people to, inviting them into come out into the desert, and let's see what happens. No promises. I'm not going to promise you that you're going to turn your business into a multi million dollar per year enterprise because you came out in the desert. In fact, probably quite the opposite is going to happen. Everything is going to be torn apart and deconstructed, but then you'll have a clear path forward of where you're going. You.

Speaker 2  40:10
If those are our people standing on the edge of the desert wondering how long it takes to get across and what's out there? Don't want to go because they're by theirs by themselves.

Unknown Speaker  40:32
I'll walk with you out there, see what happens. I

Speaker 2  40:42
can't tell you what's out there. I can tell you what's out there, what was out there for me,

Unknown Speaker  40:49
of course, and I'll share it. I can't tell you what's out there for you. You

Unknown Speaker  41:04
circling back to names

Unknown Speaker  41:08
our original intent,

Unknown Speaker  41:13
it's also interesting to have the idea of a pub In the desert.

Unknown Speaker  41:21
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  41:30
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  41:33
I'm in the desert. Like,

Speaker 2  42:19
I think very powerful to a name. If I see a book in the name on the cover intrigues me. I'm in, like, the first time I came across the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. I was like, That is a great name. I'm in.

Unknown Speaker  42:41
Yeah, pop in the desert.

Speaker 2  42:47
It's the imagery I've used a lot with people, with myself, like I'm in the desert, I feel so dry and exhausted and thirsty and and I come across this oasis, and all of a sudden there's trees and there's a water source, and like, I fall into it.

Speaker 2  43:11
What if that wasn't if I wasn't alone when I fell into it? I think that danger and certainly has been for me on certain occasions where I found the Oasis and I fell into it and I drank until I drowned myself essentially.

Speaker 2  43:37
What if I What if there was people around that Oasis, that pub in the desert said, no, just take a little bit wet this rag. Put it on your neck, put it on your forehead, cool down, moderation, like that kind of thing. Who could guide you through that process? That's the power, I think. I

Unknown Speaker  44:11
what I'm what I find fascinating is

Speaker 1  44:19
that from an introductory level, initiating conversations, going to maybe, I'm no longer certain that a micro podcast is actually long enough to bring people into our radius. But whether it's micro podcast or longer, the question, the overarching question, could be, what is your desert story? How did you get here? What deserts have you walked through? How did you do it? What were the dark nights of the soul? When? When were the times when you didn't have money to pay payroll, when you had this

Unknown Speaker  44:59
train wreck of. Calamities, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  45:03
and what was your journey that you thought was going

Speaker 2  45:06
to end you, that you thought was going to end you, but it hasn't. You're still standing, but you just don't know what to do from here. Yes, you

Speaker 1  45:26
but I think, I think for a lot of people, there is this round one of the desert where you do beat the desert, and you have reached some kind of,

Unknown Speaker  45:52
it's almost like You've, you've, you've expected it to be

Unknown Speaker  46:02
some kind of paradise

Speaker 1  46:06
and but you've, you've taken on some form of desert, come to some sort of reprieve. Maybe this is what it is. I mean, it really is the mountain peak experience we were talking about.

Speaker 3  46:19
But I You thought

Speaker 1  46:23
you were through the desert, yeah, and you were just through part one,

Speaker 2  46:29
yeah, nobody beats the desert. If you go back and look at the imagery in Scripture, the desert is a classroom. Nobody beats it. It's where lessons are learned. You come to live in the desert, you don't beat it. Maybe that's Oh, this just struck me. It may be profound. It may be dumb. I'll let you I'll let you decide.

Speaker 1  47:03
Wow, the power is in my hands, right?

Speaker 2  47:11
Maybe that's the perversity of Vegas. You created this. This this celebration of life in the desert, and he refused to learn the lessons of the desert, so you just made it hedonistic, because that's all you can do in the desert. Enough money, enough manipulation, enough whatever we can create this idyllic situation. That's the anti oasis. That's the anti hub. It brings people together, sure, but people who want to use each other get their own own needs met. I

Speaker 2  48:23
You don't beat the desert. You can use your own power to hold off the effects of the desert, but you don't conquer the desert.

Speaker 2  48:41
It's even funny. You look at Psalm 23 and, you know, there's, there's the line in it that says, you leave me beside still waters? Do I lay down next to it? You know, there's all this imagery, but the reality of of it is in the desert. It's not this Lord of the Rings flowing river there. It's a trickle of water that you're laying down to, dang down next to, and some seasons it's fuller. In other seasons, it's not. But you learn to survive on what is there. And if there's grass to lay down in, it's very sparse, yeah, it's really a message of learning. I will give you what you need in this season. You

Speaker 2  50:01
I like that pub in the desert, because what have we taken the pub and made

Unknown Speaker  50:15
it we've made it some form of the Vegas, right?

Speaker 2  50:19
I can forget about my problems in here. I can my problems either through, you know, the the one night stand hook up at the bar, yep, you know kind of thing, or the drinking or whatever. But look back to you. That's what struck me when you mentioned that was like, Look at CS Lewis and all his buddies, whether it's Tolkien or, you know, any of the other ones, they met at this pub. And it wasn't about escaping. It was about diving into the reality of life. What I'm experiencing this is my thoughts on it, and like, look at what was produced from those conversations. Here's what I'm writing right now. What do you think about this? You know, all the you know it was this, this exploration of what it looks like. Man, I'm in 1,000% for that

Unknown Speaker  51:15
pub in the desert.

Unknown Speaker  51:17
So, um, um,

Speaker 1  51:27
so this is the Okay, so then, but let's break it down into pieces.

Speaker 1  51:42
Micro podcast can be centered around a few short questions. And this is actually, I had a great conversation with the guy we love, this dude last week, and we just, he, just he connects authentically with his people, because that's what he does. We got on a call and he asked me some questions, and started asking him questions, and he had a, I don't even know the size of the company. I want to say multi seven figure, a seven figure grader company, and against his wife's advice, against his advisors, everybody's advice, he gave the company away to his best to one of his friends. They said, I don't want to ever hear about it again. And went willingly into the desert because he didn't like what he had built, and then accidentally stumbled into consulting. Had friends seek him out for how did you grow this company this far, this fast? Well, I pay attention to the customer.

Speaker 2  53:01
Interesting. Wow, that's a novel idea.

Speaker 1  53:05
I know it's a novel idea, but a micro podcast around, very simply, a few simple questions around, tell me about the adversity? What is it that? What is the adversity, if you're open to it, that you're facing today, but what's also the adversity that you had to overcome to get to where you are?

Unknown Speaker  53:34
And what was that like for you? I

Unknown Speaker  53:45
and then the the,

Unknown Speaker  53:52
the

Speaker 1  54:16
the way I'm envisioning it is there's a community aspect that's I

Speaker 1  54:47
I don't know the specifics of what this is to look like. To me, it makes sense to have a community aspect that's a potentially a lower tier than the cohort, or whatever we end up calling them. I.

Speaker 1  55:05
It also raises some questions to perhaps the more in depth podcast, podcasting things, what might make sense

Unknown Speaker  55:17
is to i

Speaker 1  55:25
Well, in the micro podcast, the thing that I don't really know for sure is whether this is literally to be A my micro podcast earlier. These are things that if people are willing and open, actually, I like this. I've

Speaker 1  55:56
given thought to my friend's comment about the Agora versus Socrates and the Agora and the Commerce and the coffee shop. And it seems to me like the visibility to the outside world really comes down to perhaps the micro podcast, and then perhaps, if there is a more in depth podcast. It's conversations between you and I, as we talk about things that we've seen right, use private conversations as a springboard, but not disclosing our identities or incriminating anyone on your right, betraying confidentiality.

Unknown Speaker  56:41
That, to me, makes, makes more sense. And then in the So, in my mind, there's a within the community, I think you could have the idea of a private podcast

Speaker 1  56:57
where, or maybe, maybe it's, maybe it's a different container for it. Maybe it's not a podcast container, but where you go in depth with new members

Unknown Speaker  57:09
into the community,

Speaker 1  57:12
and their story becomes available to other people within within the community, but there's a paywall around it so that it's not um public

Unknown Speaker  57:24
and the powers in the story. The powers in the story for all of us, those who can engage with their story will experience life those who cannot engage with their story will not experience life you

Unknown Speaker  58:06
so Are we at a point in which We could I?

Unknown Speaker  58:25
Let's do This. I'm

Speaker 3  58:58
Are you? I? What are

Unknown Speaker  59:07
your thoughts on the target? I

Unknown Speaker  59:20
uh, yeah,

Speaker 1  59:39
because it's not actually I say target. I view this more as a if we're looking to go have conversations with people. I.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:04
I think that,

Speaker 1  1:00:11
okay, you can narrow this down to people who experience some kind of career financial success for two reasons. You can do this because, well, it makes monetization easier, and you can do it for a self serving purpose. You can also do it because I had a guy ask to ask to meet with me for breakfast in which he told me stuff that nobody else outside of his wife and the people actually involved in the situation are aware of and the more successful you become, the more difficult it is to find places where people are not looking to extract something from you, right? And use your relationship so it can also come from a place of service, clearly, yep,

Speaker 1  1:01:11
in my mind, there's value. In my mind, there's a certain level of i

Speaker 1  1:01:30
If you set the bar at a certain level, whatever that level is, you'll find it easier to maintain confidentiality within the group. Um, I don't know, but this is absolutely

Speaker 2  1:01:45
essential. Yes, if the power is in the story, then the only person who can tell it is the experiencer of the story, right? I

Speaker 2  1:02:11
nobody else can tell it now. Somebody can share their experience with the story. This is how it impacted me. This is what I saw. This is what I learned from it. But that's my story. I'm not telling your story. I

Speaker 1  1:02:40
so as far as the people were initially reaching out to have these conversations, are you? I'm not even convinced blue collar is really that much of a I think, yeah, I think to start with, I mean, honestly the

Unknown Speaker  1:03:05
well, here, let me show you this yet.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:12
In the LinkedIn leadership Think Tank,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:17
there are

Speaker 1  1:03:20
2500 CEOs. That are running a company that's 200 or more people, 1500 who are in the emotional intelligence network, who are, who are, sorry, no, 1300 and there may be overlap between these two. I didn't check the number of I think,

Speaker 1  1:03:48
I think the question is, what, what level do we want to

Unknown Speaker  1:03:53
set this at?

Speaker 2  1:04:00
Everything inside me says grassroots. And I'm open to being that, that being just my comfort zone, but everything inside me says grassroots, organic, bottom up, probably mixed in there is, I'm absolutely convinced that that's how Jesus worked, right? I

Speaker 1  1:04:59
so. My counter to that is,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:12
I Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:39
Are you expecting?

Speaker 1  1:05:45
What's your timeline expectation for any kind of monetization out of this?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:53
Really don't have, honestly, but to be fair, I've never really that. I To me, it's always been when it happens happens. And I don't know if that's just my style or no,

Speaker 2  1:06:17
it's funny, like, like you You described in the email between Arlen and I, or, you know, the three of us. It was like the man behind the curtain, you know, kind of Wizard of Oz imagery, which was really funny, because,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:34
which is really funny, he broke up,

Speaker 2  1:06:35
oh, which is really fun. Always been most comfortable. Like behind scenes, like, I don't like the spotlight. I don't like being out on the stage, you know, all that kind of thing. So all that to say, like, if there's a push out of the comfort zone that that I need to experience, and by all means, like I do experience that and I want so what does that look like? So here's a counter perspective out all on the table. The table, yeah, putting it all out on the table.

Speaker 1  1:07:12
Counter perspective is that Jesus did go preaching the gospel among an audience, in a crowd,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:21
and

Speaker 1  1:07:28
and I don't know if this is, you know, to me, we could pick, I don't know the time might be an issue somewhere, somewhere up in here, I don't really know for sure, but I suspect somewhere in here, in the middle, for sure, there's going to be a lot of, well, I don't know that's that's really hard to gage. I really don't know that. I've got a good answer. But to me, the the micro podcast is such a compelling way of bringing people in that you are casting seed. Do you want to I also think, because you and I don't have massive networks in these places, that if you don't intentionally plant the seed in these places, then we're going to end up with a bunch of ragamuffins who,

Speaker 2  1:08:31
which, to be fair, is what Jesus did. Those are my people. Those are your people. But I get what you're saying and I agree. Like, yeah, maybe that, maybe, maybe that analogy is the perfect idea. Like scattering seed. See where it takes root. Where it takes root is where we go. So instead of, you know, I don't know, targeting a specific group, let's scatter seed and see what works.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:02
What can we scatter seed within a group? Yeah, because I feel like I

Unknown Speaker  1:09:27
Okay, well, here's a few things that I see. I

Speaker 1  1:09:43
Some folks would consider the people leading these organized organizations to be some of the most underserved, underreached people.

Unknown Speaker  1:09:55
I can find find ways to justify this all day, every. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:01
we all can

Speaker 1  1:10:05
maybe fundamentally, fundamentally. What needs to happen is, I need to know whether there's a short term whether there's short term viability for me to I

Speaker 1  1:10:26
to get compensation from this, or do I turn it into go a different direction with a different offer, and have other means of compensation while we build this out

Unknown Speaker  1:10:41
right what is your what does your gut say? Well,

Speaker 1  1:10:51
I don't know what my what is my gut or not my gut, but, but thoughts, instincts are, go pick a group somewhere in here and and just punch, punch the gas and do as do as many of these as possible and see what evolves from those conversations. I

Unknown Speaker  1:11:18
think that's a great idea.

Speaker 1  1:11:20
And also with the community, is we can talk more about what,

Speaker 1  1:11:33
what the community can look like. But I think even with the community, and I don't know what involvement you want in that, and I think it needs some fleshing out. But

Speaker 1  1:11:58
one simple thought with this is we can steadily raise prices on just the community aspect and find out where the sweet spot is, and

Speaker 2  1:12:11
what if the newsletter or email that goes out is directly derived From these conversations that you and I have. Yeah, this is what we're thinking. This is what we're processing. This is where we're going. I

Unknown Speaker  1:12:30
want this to be print. I'm crazy, but we can talk about that. But, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:12:44
and then this is a, I think this goes from macro podcast to cohort, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:01
And, you know, I don't know exactly what I

Speaker 2  1:13:03
would say that cohorts would be less than 1010,

Unknown Speaker  1:13:13
10 or less. I guess is a better way to say it.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:19
The engineering things here. I

Unknown Speaker  1:13:38
know

Unknown Speaker  1:13:40
this is, I know this is a really great

Unknown Speaker  1:13:42
thing,

Speaker 2  1:13:46
one, because, as we talk about it, there are certain like objections that keep coming up in my mind. And I analyze those objections and I recognize they're simply just objections for objections sake. They're not legitimate, and so I know we're on the right track.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:12
Awesome, awesome, awesome. They're

Speaker 2  1:14:14
step outside of your comfort zone, objections. And so I know we're on the right track,

Speaker 2  1:14:28
yeah, and even on, like, the calls, you know, that Go on, you know, I think really, really powerful things. And I'm totally open to participating in just however it works. But, yeah, I mean, all of this is so very uncomfortable for me and to me, that's what attracts me. To it. Yeah, that's how uncomfortable it is.

Speaker 1  1:15:06
Well, what attracts me to this is the fact that

Speaker 1  1:15:16
I've dreamed of doing something like like this for a long time, but I haven't had the core value proposition, if you want to call it that, and I haven't had the lead gen model. And I am super, super excited about me being able to do

Matthias Miller  1:15:36
we need to talk about at some point, you know, whose responsibility is, where? What does compensation look like for parties? But I would be super, super excited about doing micro podcasts, or doing some form of podcast interviews. Yeah, and it's a compelling way to bring people in. It's compelling and and the value prop is unique, like there's not everybody else is selling answers and, and this is a sharp pivot from that, but there's such a demand for

Unknown Speaker  1:16:10
from everything that I've seen, if we can articulate in such a way, but, but I mean,

Speaker 1  1:16:18
as you work with successful People, you have issues of loneliness. You've got issues of you've got personal issues. You've got issues of, who can I really trust? Where do I have my space? Where are people not looking to extract? And there's a whole swarm of Kingdom people who are who are moving. I say that, whatever, but like, oh, that are swooping in and promising like, oh, well, let's go give you prophetic words every month and and let's, let's do, let's, here's how you here's how Kingdom government works and all this stuff. But there's nobody, I don't know very many people, who really are doing the they're not taking this approach that I'm seeing, and I'm sure they're out there. There might be out there. I don't know if they are, but it seems to me like from the let's put a long term fix on the issue, instead of just slapping a band aid on it, it looks really

Unknown Speaker  1:17:27
appealing to me. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:17:33
and there's a price to pay for that patience process, growth over time, the organic nature of it. Because, let's be honest, we could put together something very, you know, shiny marketing wise, and we pumping it out, and then we could have this type of wave of people that would come. I have no doubt about that whatsoever. I but then that robs us turning in the process, and it'll probably rob people that we're working with, because we're just trying to deal with a Tommy of people, and is a bucket to bail out. Like I think this organic model, starting with the micro podcast, is perfect. I like that a lot, and then it develops from there. I think we're ready to go as far as the micro podcast goes and and the newsletter, You know, all email,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:49
oh, let me go see

Unknown Speaker  1:19:02
I'm Do you I

Unknown Speaker  1:19:27
do you have some times that would work too? I can't meet with Josh with a kickoff call. I can't do today. I can't, I can't do tomorrow. I guess we could do Wednesday at 877, my time, seven your time. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:19:52
I've got, I've got an eight my time. So I've got an hour from seven to eight. I could do that.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:58
Okay? Me, it's set for

Unknown Speaker  1:20:00
half an hour. Oh, Okay, gotcha

Speaker 1  1:20:03
so if it goes over, we should still be fun. Yeah, perfect. I will. I'm gonna go ahead and fill this out before I do the intake form, but I'll fill out the intake form, which I don't think there's really much to,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:22
yeah, yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:25
perfect. So that's, that's this coming Wednesday. Yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:30
this coming Wednesday.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:34
Let me see if I can. I

Unknown Speaker  1:20:53
Um, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:19
Perfect, okay,

Speaker 1  1:22:27
all right, let me, I'll get that filled up here with everything we talked

Unknown Speaker  1:22:31
about and, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:39
go from there. Go from there.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:40
All right. Sounds

Unknown Speaker  1:22:42
good, my friend, awesome Thanksgiving,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:44
yeah, I'll see you this afternoon. All right.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:46
Sounds good, see you then.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:47
Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai