Speaker 1  00:01
The challenge of getting things done in a in a good culture,

Speaker 1  00:09
many people think of business, they think of a cutthroat do or die, make it happen kind of approach. And while this is certainly true in some situations, it's also true that a lot of people are drawn into business because they want to change people's lives. And they want to leave an impact. Many times, it seems that people are torn into our it seems people often fall into one of two camps, number one, results oriented

Speaker 1  00:37
and relentless in getting them done to

Unknown Speaker  00:42
relationship focused and,

Unknown Speaker  00:47
and you know,

Unknown Speaker  00:51
relationship focused and

Unknown Speaker  00:55
prioritizing people over outcomes.

Speaker 1  01:00
here's, here's the challenge. Any healthy organization requires this, this specific thing to be held in tension. And here's why you have a relentless results focused without paying attention to the people in your organization, you end up misusing them. And you end up cutting off the people who are who was a very source of, of power and for movement for for your, for your business. On the other hand, if you're strictly focused in relationships, and people feeling good, you never actually end up accomplishing anything. And that's why you need to hold these intention. You see, in order to get long term sustained results, you have to accomplish them by people. People are what makes it happen, even with the continued evolution of, of artificial intelligence and, and automation people will still always continue

Unknown Speaker  01:54
to be in business.

Unknown Speaker  02:07
So yep,

Speaker 1  02:11
yeah, I mean, we're terrible on Yeah, that's terrible.

Speaker 1  02:19
No Mormon here. So I'll try to stay in here.

Unknown Speaker  02:27
All right. Yeah, let me do Bye.

Speaker 1  02:48
Many people who are relationship oriented, hesitate to put the required accountability and structure in place that they need to make things happen. And here's why they don't want to make people feel bad. They feel that assigning performance metrics or or providing accountability indicates some kind of relational value or not relational value, assign some kind of intrinsic value to people. And it's simply not the case, you have to understand that people are there to serve your organization and to make it move to end help it move forward and, and what we should be deeply involved in helping our team members become the best that they can be. We also have to recognize that at the end of the day, unless they're helping to serve that purpose, they don't belong with the team,

Speaker 1  03:33
we also have to recognize it as a leader, we were the ones who chose to put them in into that specific role. And if they're failing at that role, it was our choice, it was our choice to put them there. And we need to take responsibility to to either help them find a place where they'll succeed or move them on.

Speaker 1  03:50
So where are you at on the spectrum? Are you on the let's make everybody happy side or on? Are you on the side of let's make things happen, whatever the cost,

Speaker 1  04:04
to be fair, you may always land on one side or the other. But the second question I wanted the but the final question I want to leave you with is do you have a counter voice that influences your leadership because it's only in that healthy tension where you where you recognize where you bring more full true self

Speaker 1  04:29
in partnership with with partnership with but where you bring your full to self self held intention by somebody who brings brings the countering perspective that you're able to create the forward movement that you need with your team.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai