Unknown Speaker  00:26
Greetings?

Matthias Miller  00:58
About it all

Matthias Miller  01:15
I think we can go ahead and

Matthias Miller  01:23
do you want to just jump in and try to insert getting updates and Joel stuff? And there were some, I think assigned to me to get updates that I didn't see in Joe's view. So I don't know what that means but your rights.

Speaker 1  01:39
Okay. I wrote myself notes on that and probably didn't tag them in a useful way yet. So that's probably not helpful, but we'll try. So here's what I have for you, Joel, groupings for balance sheets. Hey,

Matthias Miller  01:55
before we get in there, can we give Joe a high level overview in January and February priorities?

Speaker 2  01:59
Yes, that'd be terrific. Thank you.

Speaker 1  02:05
Let me see if there's a better way to present this. We've got I've got this prioritized by date right at the moment. So the due dates are really what showing us what's the highest priority but and I could send you a report or just send you the link on this job. If you want to take a better look at it. We weren't sure on Wednesday, and prioritized on our team call. And so here's what everybody decided was generally the highest priorities for January. And I don't think Well, I know we didn't wind up talking about your tasks. And this and we should have. So that was on my agenda for the next call. But here's what we generally have. And there's a lot of new change requests that have popped up in here as well. So

Matthias Miller  02:51
can we take one step further back? So very, very big picture. January priority is income statement. And bug fixes? Yeah. Okay. February is functioning balanced. Which includes Here we go. This is what I'm looking for. Yeah. You go

Speaker 2  03:15
to Theatro. Sorry, I'm jumping to the end of the first set of bullets. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  03:22
The the folks who are laying bricks, the folks who are building walls and the folks who are building cathedrals, what's the cathedral? It's the income statement that has good numbers. And then getting the team functional.

Unknown Speaker  03:41
Sorry, getting the team.

Matthias Miller  03:43
The accounting team functional. Gotcha. That

Speaker 1  03:47
would be this one, I guess. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right.

Speaker 2  03:52
Cool. And when we say more accurate data. Of what all of that is, is that essentially a, an accounting function? Or are we talking about

Matthias Miller  04:09
other stuff? Yeah. When you're talking about accuracy, that we're primarily talking about accounting functions and making sure that everything flows to the right processes. It is not a we have scary bugs that are causing the income statement to report faulty numbers.

Speaker 2  04:23
Okay. That's, that's helpful.

Matthias Miller  04:29
But I can't imagine accounting who would say anything about an income statement without wanting to have some kind of something about it being accurate and perfect and tidy? For sure. Yeah. And then we didn't, I don't know this isn't the document here, but then the general February priority is balance sheet. So and that's largely an accounting function, I believe. Um, but it's things like that. Tying out assets, asset transactions to assets and working on a cool reconciliation report that allows you to reconcile the accounting risk AR versus your sales order AR report and different things like that. So that's, that is big. That is the cathedral and I think that context will help drive the rest of those conversations.

Unknown Speaker  05:31
Okay, wonderful.

Speaker 1  05:36
Going back to the same tasks. Okay, great. All right, Joel, should we just go through top to bottom here? Sure. Sure. Okay, so groupings for balance sheets,

Speaker 2  05:46
okay. Um, both on groupings for balance sheets and well, okay, let's start with that it's basically where it was in a mad early morning scramble before meeting a bit before Christmas there was a meeting Mark had with with other folks from within his organization but So how was that Laura I'm sorry, I'm thinking of the income statement for the balance sheet I think it's implemented except that it is

Unknown Speaker  07:00
except

Matthias Miller  07:05
for

Speaker 2  07:08
final check deployment to to them specifically well or figuring out how to deploy it where to deploy it there was one question there the balance sheet in this form simply reports reports on their accounts. It does not unlike the previous version backfill retained earnings to to make the whole thing tie out I think I had sent a question about that I don't know whether Oh, where we are on that

Unknown Speaker  08:08
question to mark um or who needs to be followed up with your that is a great question.

Unknown Speaker  08:23
details details right.

Matthias Miller  08:30
Details are good.

Unknown Speaker  08:36
Okay, not balance be

Matthias Miller  08:40
December 19. Core accounting group producer balance sheet. The old Yes, these are balance sheet and FERS retained earnings asset level liabilities equity assets, this version does not I'm not completely clear on which they prefer. And then there's a audio please remind me to ask in the new year.

Speaker 1  08:58
Okay, so there's probably an email that I didn't associate with this, I'm guessing.

Unknown Speaker  09:03
Okay, sure.

Speaker 1  09:11
Yeah, no, I don't have anything that new so. Okay. Okay, so who needs to follow up on what it is? Okay.

Speaker 2  09:20
Um, I need to get it on their standard on their menu and figure out on what other systems menus that appears

Speaker 2  09:39
and I'll go ahead. Okay, good. Okay. So the other question in my mind is, is that retained earnings one? Yeah. Okay. So for that Matthias is that yours?

Matthias Miller  10:04
I think it's probably minor. It's either minor if you're comfortable taking that you could take that as well. I don't know that matters it's specifically which

Speaker 1  10:16
to me and I'll try to track that down and get everything associated at least and then we can

Matthias Miller  10:22
see where we are. Drew and Mark would be okay BlueCare probably Mark actually but maybe Drew and then let's change the deadline date for this to something like February 9. Okay, to get it out into the February space this does not need to be chased. Short term.

Unknown Speaker  10:40
Sounds good okay,

Speaker 2  10:46
well that's cool. I have been stressing the last week over training we're not getting it done.

Matthias Miller  11:01
Let's try to reorient ourselves according to resources and priorities and stupid stress

Speaker 1  11:11
sounds excellent. Okay, are we ready to move on to the income statement? Income Statement for level one shows repeating lines

Speaker 2  11:18
Yes. A okay. So that one I did deploy that in the live system only open from user reports version let me see if I can find the relevant email okay. The the to do is is actually committing that in to the standard report which will require some changes from from what I did in the the instant deployment

Matthias Miller  12:12
So, for this type of a thing, do you guys want to hold yourselves accountable to having this wrapped up by by January sometime or do you just want to take this as technical debt and let it slide?

Speaker 2  12:28
January it so this is right now there's a report sitting off to the side in their system that that gives them this that gives them the pretty stuff? That's that's more than technical that

Matthias Miller  12:52
and I think we had said the before the 26 so that we could have time for revisions I think it was the name thank you name teams perhaps Is that doable jeweler?

Unknown Speaker  13:05
I think so.

Unknown Speaker  13:08
Okay

Speaker 1  13:12
excellent. Okay, account names wrapping in PDF. That makes sense.

Matthias Miller  13:19
I took this one I think this is this we need to circle back with them and see if they like the outcome. Okay,

Speaker 1  13:27
so that's actually for you then guys I'll change it. Yes, okay

Unknown Speaker  13:40
due date this month, or what are we doing?

Matthias Miller  13:43
It's income saying let's do it this week so that we get it done. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  13:53
Excellent. Add cash flow statements. March. Funds, right.

Speaker 1  14:08
Oops. Okay, well track reconciliation by statement.

Matthias Miller  14:18
I don't know if we nailed. Let's see, I think it's probably March but we should. Let's mark is March.

Unknown Speaker  14:33
Isn't this a pretty big pain point for them or not necessarily? Or not the biggest one?

Matthias Miller  14:41
No, it is. Yeah, you're right. It is a moderately big pain point for them. They're wanting to generate reconciliation reports and they can't

Speaker 1  14:52
we push that February. Did we have some things in the February discussion along those lines? I can't read Number

Matthias Miller  15:05
see exhibit five anything along those lines this would be statement

Matthias Miller  15:24
reconciliation Module Request touching statements

Matthias Miller  15:42
don't know maybe we should just get an update and check in with him

Unknown Speaker  15:50
priority okay and let me see how to do I want to do that

Unknown Speaker  16:09
I'll do that

Unknown Speaker  16:16
okay

Matthias Miller  16:19
when Where's I guess that's designed but not coded right

Unknown Speaker  16:25
sorry which one the

Matthias Miller  16:26
reconciliation Event Log

Speaker 2  16:33
I'm trying to remember where yeah yeah I think I think we did basically talk through a design I don't have it fresh in my mind at all but

Speaker 2  16:53
as in most law I don't have a sense of what of in what areas if any, we waved her hands and said we'll do this but I think it's I think it's largely designed

Speaker 3  17:11
to do is is that in your court to hand off your code to court to code question

Unknown Speaker  17:27
probably in mind to hand off

Unknown Speaker  17:48
yeah named six

Unknown Speaker  18:01
follow up on that

Speaker 1  18:10
now we're down here avoided transactions included in search for amount

Speaker 2  18:14
I think that's done I

Unknown Speaker  18:17
think so. Okay,

Matthias Miller  18:19
let's double check

Unknown Speaker  18:36
Yeah, it's ready in staging there yep, it's done.

Unknown Speaker  18:38
Okay fantastic. Enhance income statement in general ledger

Matthias Miller  18:50
take a look at with it most. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  18:54
Okay, so this is an email from Drew

Speaker 1  19:03
I don't know if Joel is responsible for this I have Joel has been responsible for this.

Unknown Speaker  19:10
Oh boy. Okay, that looks like

Unknown Speaker  19:13
that may not be right.

Unknown Speaker  19:17
Enhance calm sleep

Matthias Miller  19:38
this isn't the so he this integrated into the I think it took care of the company name at top of the document. Date perhaps?

Speaker 2  19:51
Well, I'm my ill documented sin Is that? Okay. All right, December 19, email a stopgap version of the income statement changes requested implemented in your system only I still need to get the longer term. more careful version done and ready for delivery with regular update is available here at this link. I've also implemented a quick version of the requested ledger changes in the standard report in your live system in depth work for that will follow as well. So basically

Unknown Speaker  20:38
is that that has the same thing as the duplicate names issue for the income statement, it's it's quickly coded in a live report off to the side, but needs to be employed in the standard report.

Matthias Miller  21:02
So this should realistically be a subtask of that original. And I suppose, whatever that one was, okay.

Speaker 1  21:11
Yeah, I need to find something on that. Because they're all of those emails are in here somewhere. They're just not associated with this. Okay. All right. So let me at least put this in progress. What's the well, we're in here, though? What's the what's the date that we're looking at? With reprioritizing? This is a January task.

Unknown Speaker  21:34
I think it's I think it's doable on January.

Unknown Speaker  21:38
Looking at the 19, then maybe? Sure.

Matthias Miller  21:42
That's what they want. Whether we can meet that or not. Okay,

Speaker 1  21:45
no, that's fair. Let me merge this with whichever task it belongs with. When I find it, okay. So that's what it's looking like. Okay, yeah, and then that's true. Up in the thigh section. We've got some things that say check with Joel. So okay, if I can find them. Follow up with Joel. Okay. Income Statement requests.

Unknown Speaker  22:18
Oh, that looks.

Unknown Speaker  22:20
You see a recent email here.

Speaker 2  22:25
Okay, this is that same stuff. Okay. But all right, there is that names? thing. Okay, which is something that I think is in Matthias and scored rather than mine.

Matthias Miller  22:42
Okay, that's done. That's done in live. Leave. Oh, ignore me here, tweet.

Speaker 1  22:54
So where does that put us with this task? Is it done then?

Speaker 1  23:03
Get all of the company names at the top of the document checkboxes Show and Hide all accounts with zero balances and a checkbox to show and hide inactive accounts. Are we done on the income statement?

Matthias Miller  23:16
Is there something separately written it for the general ledger record though? There

Speaker 1  23:19
could be and so I want to double check. If this is just the income statement, then I can close it on the general ledger. Are we still working on the general ledger?

Matthias Miller  23:29
I don't think we have achieved that.

Unknown Speaker  23:38
Let me see if I put one okay. So income. Let's see. Income statements.

Matthias Miller  23:48
That's what you meant by

Speaker 1  23:50
General Ledger. Not done. Fine. Change Request.

Speaker 2  23:58
I'm trying to figure out I'm actually not sure about that. I mean, I think okay, it will, I think in my Wait, what did I say in my email there?

Speaker 2  24:19
Okay, I've just one. Okay. I've also implemented Oh, okay. Okay. So a quick version of the requested ledger changes. Okay. So it's situation is very similar to the income statement, actually, I mean, the one version of the changes is done. It needs to be standardized. Okay. But the, I don't know anything about change request about whether a change request actually exists. A lot of stuff specifically.

Matthias Miller  25:01
Okay. I don't know that I personally care whether that one exists or not as long as you get a product change or something and that we can make sure that standardize somehow. Sure,

Unknown Speaker  25:13
sure.

Speaker 1  25:17
Okay. All right. We've also got fixed income statement bug when viewing summary level one accounts, we might have gone through that already. This could be one of the duplicates.

Speaker 2  25:30
That is folded into any income statement thing. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  25:41
What else

Speaker 1  25:49
follow up a drawl to get him to finalize groupings for balance sheets.

Speaker 2  25:57
Just and I think we've got the mirror of that. And under my name, right, right.

Unknown Speaker  26:01
Right. I think so.

Speaker 1  26:10
So I guess we had we gone through your stuff, we would have caught these, I think. Yeah. And I think that's, that's gonna be it, because we're getting into March. So those will be the ones that we need to follow up with.

Speaker 2  26:26
So, so yeah, balance sheet ledger income statement. It's in the near future, but 19th rather than two or three weeks ago.

Unknown Speaker  26:47
Cool. I have a lot of housekeeping to do. Okay, cool. Do we need to look at anything else?

Matthias Miller  27:01
I can't think of anything. Josh, you might be helpful to hear, broadly speaking, what's consuming your time over there?

Speaker 4  27:14
Sorry, I was considering a wide range of snarky answers. I'll skip those. The, the multiple, like, I'm always split vendors to have one vendor per accounting company. I think that was a mistake. In hindsight. I don't know I I think we're going I predict by q2 will finally be fed up with it and go back. But that's me eating up bicycle my time. It has a ton of fallout with that. It's so it's been it's been that plus. Well, that triggered them wanting to do big database changes from their, their Libre Office spreadsheet. So we now have it hooked up so that you can just make changes, we kind of have pseudo detail screens running in, in there and saves it whatever. So the trickiest thing, there has been list numbers, you gotta keep listening names around. So we have to, it's been a mess. But anyway, it can do more than it did before. In fact, there was this little there slightly embarrassing conversation we had where it's like, have all the vendors in a spreadsheet, and they were talking about bringing in data from QuickBooks that Drew's involved with. He's like, so you'd set up import. Or we could just copy paste it here, which would be easier anyway, wouldn't it? I was like, oh, man, what have we done that it's easier to edit it in this third party spreadsheet, and it is within invest. Anyway, so that's how to get most of my time, I have a halfway through implementing contacts, being a part of multiple contacts types. What I'm planning to do there is you have a primary contact type, and a bunch of secondary, like an RGF, secondary contact types. And what that lets you do is it lets you keep simple systems simple, and then have a switch that you can flip and add additional types. And then, you know, complex systems need to handle multiple types and simple systems don't

Speaker 2  29:07
like someone might be a vendor and a customer.

Unknown Speaker  29:12
And yeah,

Speaker 3  29:14
sure. Okay. And we do want to just be I mean, don't we have to review kind of every reference of type at some point.

Speaker 4  29:22
And we have to contact type? Yes. Yeah, there's, there's surprisingly few actually, okay. Well, within detail screens in the catalog there are I'm guessing there's a lot more and reports and have to think that through. But my goal is to get them up. They're feeling a decent amount of pain right now because, yeah. So trying to get them and then I honestly that's in my mind, I have moved on from accounting at the end of your push. So

Speaker 3  29:51
Matthias, what does accounting look like for you? I mean, just kind of pressing on kind of indefinitely from what you can see here. Hard to say. I would

Matthias Miller  30:01
say it's slowed down considerably. This is quotable drew made a comment on the call. He's like, it is shockingly smooth for having migrated to a new system

Unknown Speaker  30:19
posted on the website.

Matthias Miller  30:23
Exactly. This is coming from Mr. Oelrich saying you guys nobody's ever done this before y'all crazy to call him and let him know. I would love to

Speaker 4  30:40
yeah, I've not heard like I was getting panicked. Panicked is maybe a little bit too strong, but barely calls, like right up until the last week of December. And I haven't heard boo for last week.

Speaker 3  30:59
Well, I have often told people that if a software project rolls out and it is not a complete fiasco, then it's probably been a success, actually.

Matthias Miller  31:11
Maybe even a raging success.

Speaker 3  31:16
Think about how many software projects never reached the finish line? Or would they reach the finish line? They fall down and have a cardiac arrest right there. Yeah.

Speaker 4  31:27
Yeah, I do think I mean, a couple of things I'm taking away we would have failed if we had not set the September deadline. So you gotta shoot early. And their willingness to iterate in the live system was absolutely critical. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:45
Well then add to that weekly and bi weekly mean updates multiple times a week. Right fast iteration cycles there may have officially I mean, they've been addicted if there was any fear of further entrenching that addiction

Speaker 4  32:06
I will say like the flip side is they're willing to put up with paint that very few clients would text me at 10 o'clock this morning and said by the way, no dealer can log in and sell any building right now. And he said thank you so much for fixing it as if somehow he needed to apologize to me until the other way around. So like I see there as sort of a cautionary note of like, I don't think we could have pulled this off with another client so I think if we ever do this kind of thing again we need to have more than three months to get it done.

Speaker 3  32:38
Yeah. They have their very high desire for innovation does buy afford us a lot of grace I mean, yeah, if we can get them in a vase they'll take mess with it so

Unknown Speaker  33:00
yeah

Speaker 3  33:02
nice well Good work guys. I think we should sit back and eat some chips and salsa actually to be at this point without I mean, and just have it be kind of a yawn on January 8 is a really good feeling good way and Goodwin Mathias kudos to you and all this I think you get the you get the lion's share on this one. I mean a lot of people and a lot of people pulled together but you really were point man on this. So thank you.

Matthias Miller  33:33
You're welcome.

Unknown Speaker  33:38
Good Wow.

Speaker 4  33:42
So one of them my agenda for this meeting was to wonder if I need to still be a part of them. I'm willing to be but I don't feel like I'm really adding value anymore. So do we disband them now and declare success and bring it back together if we need to?

Matthias Miller  33:58
Yeah, and we can switch it from from this to Joel and I checking in I'd like to have that make sense. Yeah, we do. I know.

Speaker 2  34:18
Seriously, though, there are very few people definitely not myself who don't benefit from this touching me

Matthias Miller  34:32
you doing something other than I mean, if you'd actually be in the office instead of sitting on a beach somewhere sipping here. I'm not sure whatever it is

Speaker 3  34:48
okay, well, fantastic. So yes, I'm I think we'll celebrate here we go. Celebrate. Audra, thank you for all you've done helping along the way. Yes, we certainly appreciate your the organization you bring to this creative bunch. So

Unknown Speaker  35:06
thank you I appreciate that

Speaker 3  35:14
try to avoid having our technical lives look like a hoarders trailer house. So we just did some Christmas caroling, and I will before for the hands of Christ ministry contacts, and I won't describe the one house but it was almost traumatic to Carolyn site. I feel

Speaker 4  35:36
like you were saying inappropriate things about my office space. Ella's

Speaker 3  35:41
comfortable, right? Your office face. Just saying organization does do does really help projects succeed. So

Matthias Miller  35:51
yeah, very good. Thank you all. Thanks, guys. Awesome. Thanks. Yes. Thank you. Thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai