Speaker 1  00:00
Congratulations, Matthias, you are officially up leveling. So exciting. I love that you're saying like, hey, this feels normal. So yes, it does get to be your new normal. Yeah, so like what I would just encourage you to do from that place. You know, when, as I was experiencing this myself was just like sitting and acknowledging quietly, like, wow, like, what does this actually feel like? And how are my thoughts different? How is what I'm feeling different? And starting to ask yourself, Okay, what can I do to cultivate, to stay in this place to align all my thoughts to align with this, which then, obviously, then bring all your decisions along behind that as well. So yeah, super exciting place to be in this does get to be here new, normal, and happy to process through some of those with you in our one on one calls as well, that is for the whole group, I thought this message might be helpful to share too, because we will all go through stages of up leveling and experiencing a new normal. And at some point, you may even notice a bit of a tension or like a tug of war between like the old and the new and whatnot. That's totally normal. But just enjoy these moments of experiencing the fullness of that new normal and what all that entails, and start dreaming about okay, well, what could become possible for me now, now that I've done it once, it's easy to do it again, right? Actually had another conversation like that with another one of you here today to like, Okay, if I've done it once, it means I can do it again. And we can do it bigger. Next time, too, right? So you this time, it's a 10k or T or maybe next time, it's 15k, and so on and so on. Right? Not from a place of greed, obviously, but just it's like realizing the value that we really do bring to the table and aligning with whatever the number is that the Lord is giving us ultimately, right? Because for different situations, that may be a very different number. Yeah, so that is super, super exciting. And I'm gonna keep this brief today. But happy to dive into this more with you guys in the future. And you may notice I'm talking about choir because hubby is asleep. He will be up in a few hours, because he's working some weird shifts right now. So I'm working late. So there you go. But I love the updates. Keep those coming, guys. Anyone else who wants to share any exciting news on any level, whether it's personal, professional or otherwise? Please keep it sharing because it's fun to support each other on our journeys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai