Unknown Speaker  00:25
Okay

Unknown Speaker  00:47
all right

Unknown Speaker  00:56
some dimensions. Sure. Yes.

Unknown Speaker  01:05
Yeah, raving

Speaker 1  01:15
So what questions do you have? Right. So well, you had said that the first thing we're talking about the systems, right? And guess that's that's what I want to talk about today. Fantastic. Very good. I'm like what questions you're looking for like, like questions like or systems like, we'll be talking about that. Or like questions. Questions about the process? Yes, you have anything? I'm sure.

Speaker 1  02:02
So again, I guess like the email you sent this morning? Are you thinking that we should be able to, like get through all of the content for like, three months? Probably right, if we set aside two hours, okay. Cool. All right. So then, the content itself, so we talked about systems most of the, I feel like a lot of the training stuff that you gave me, which is great. It was a mostly like, are a lot of it relates to like, story and how to, like, tell, I gotta, you know, show and not tell stuff like that. So like, I guess the question would be like, how do we do that? Like, I don't know, what system is the experts existence? Phil's barely like,

Unknown Speaker  02:50
you know, think of systematic think of like, I don't know, it's an idea. So like, what are ways that we can tell stories? And like, yeah. Okay, so I mean, let's start with that. Let's go on, because systems feel very

Speaker 1  03:11
technical, tight, rigid, right. Determined, calculated, rational, logical, yes. Right. Right. And we were talking about this last time a little bit.

Speaker 1  03:25
So you have to understand that there's fundamentally two types of systems, there's, there's manmade systems. And there are organic systems.

Unknown Speaker  03:38
are engineered systems, inorganic systems. And those have two different ways of operating. One reason being that, so what's an example of an engineered system?

Speaker 1  03:57
Your tax filing system is an engineered system. It's very calculated, it's very feature defined, it's has some evolution, but it doesn't evolve much faster. And quickly. What's an organic system, an example of an organic system, is you take a seed, and you plant it into the ground, and it grows into a tree, and the person will leave or whatever popping out of the ground. It grows into into a small tree. And what's interesting about trees is that trees have repetitive patterns. So you have your trunk, which goes out into the branches, and the branches go out into twigs, the twigs have leaves, which themselves are branches, like if you look at elite that has the Marines, right? And so the It's a it's a self repeating pattern. Which is something else I want to get into the separate one, but I don't want to focus too much. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  05:16
one of the things that's well, okay, so there's that, but then also, it exists within a larger system, which is a forest or an ecosystem. So what are the things that are unique about organic systems? I think one of the things that so I would say there's a few identifying factors, organic systems have some kind of built in intelligence, okay. However you want to define them, like, like, you might not say, nobody would argue that the tree consult calculators. But at a cell cellular cellular level, there's

Speaker 1  06:16
like it is a living thing. It wants to, it wants to change, it adapts to the environment around it adjusts for negative environments. For example, you have, when you take a tree and you plant it right by the riverbank, the likelihood of this having deep roots are much lower than taking it and putting it somewhere else where if it can survive, the only method of survival is digging really deep roots. And, like getting its roots, right. I think by and large human made systems, human made systems, the way we think about it most frequently. Or very, think of them it's very rich and about changing.

Speaker 1  07:20
So there's, I think, a few reasons for that one of them is.

Speaker 1  07:35
Well, we see this all points of bureaucracy really, where speed of change becomes very routine. And, but we also see that, I guess, we also see this correlation in nature as well, where, let's say you have, you have a forest, the forest is going to persist, like apart from some kind of cataclysmic probado, hurricane, hailstorm, and fire somebody and get some kind of act of God. Right. And, and, but equally within the ecosystem, people are that the ecosystem is continually optimizing itself, for the health of itself. So a fire creates damage to the individual pieces of the ecosystem, but it contributes to the overall health of ecosystems.

Speaker 1  08:41
And the challenge that you face with me and with with manmade systems is that most of those systems optimize for something other than health with life. So

Speaker 1  09:01
capitalism is a great motivator. And I think it's a really great way of it's, I think, a great foundation in other ways. We've, we've have seen the effects when you have manmade systems that are optimized monetarily instead of for us, right. So at a global scale, you know, okay, so what does it look like on a national scale?

Unknown Speaker  09:33
Well, let's take a look at things like health care, very much optimized for monetary gain, not assuming rituals, and there's a lot of movements that

Speaker 1  09:46
we could get into like that. But the kind of tangentially, it's much easier to persuade people To do things that are to fix problems accurately. So even education ethics has, has largely built on a range of that being optimized, predominantly for monetary health. And having said that, you're clear, there should be monetary gain. But I think it should ultimately be a byproduct of health not. It's, it's a byproduct. So, okay, so then. So that's like this broad, let's take a broad view of a part of what we're trying to do here is bring definition to something by comparing and contrasting, right. So, if you just think of systems by itself as one thing, then you confuse what systems can be, but if you start thinking of them between organic and living systems versus rigid, impose manmade systems, then you now have a lens to look at systems within the context of your business. Okay. So any questions? Or any feedback or thoughts and musings? All right, um, let's see here.

Unknown Speaker  11:27
Okay, so within that context, so like, so then what is the

Speaker 1  11:34
and having this discussion? What problem are we solving? Problem Solving? Are you talking about? Yeah, okay, so.

Unknown Speaker  11:46
So, what does this even mean? When you have a business that grows to a certain point, what are the there's kind of

Speaker 1  12:05
there is this, okay, wet? Whenever things are, there's much more chaos when something is small, in a small business, than there is. There's a different kind of chaos and a small business in a large corporation. So somewhere in that spectrum, there's a ship. So at the point that we are talking about where most of these folks are at that we're talking to, there is likely a good bit of problems, because there's kind of this, this point at which, if you really want to continue to scale, you can no longer do that strictly on brilliant people doing everything, can you start looking on relying on systems to help carry things forward? And I think one of the myths, there's, you know, I think there ends up being attention, I think there's two mistakes that you can make. One is not imposing systems early enough, and then second of all, coming up with such old calculated systems, that they don't actually fit the day to day workflow of people and it doesn't accommodate the variances and differences you find.

Speaker 1  13:50
So I think there's two pieces that there's two pieces that absolutely have to be critical, critical for it to be inorganic system number one.

Speaker 1  14:07
Organic systems embrace life. In a forest fire, you don't have there is no tree saying there is no fire. And I think a lot of times in businesses, there are times when I've seen times when people rely on systems and procedures and policies as a way to fix a problem. And ultimately, what they end up doing is denying reality. So So what are some examples of this? Now we're gonna get into this but but sometimes, commission salespeople are used as a band aid to cover an underlying problem with an offer that isn't compelling in the marketplace, selling trying to sell to the wrong customers, trying to Mmm, fill in the blank. And there is there are, there are degrees of influence that there are degrees of impact which you can have so, so fantastic salesperson can can, will outperform somebody else by an order of magnitude. But if you're only relying on that, you might be denying the reality of some some underlying assumptions that you have about your business that you're ignoring. And so sense. Yeah, that makes sense. I think so yeah. Like, my salespeople aren't closing enough deals, I'm going to require them to make 50 outbound calls every day to fix the problem. If they don't, they're fired. Now, it's possible whether that's the uncertain, and it's possible to get some for some of them. But it's also possible that that is denying the reality that your your inbound leads are the wrong type of leads. And they're never going to buy or that you're not pre selling them effectively. Or that your offer really stinks and you really don't have anything that's that you think it's a value, but either you're not communicating well enough. Pre selling, or it actually, or it's people don't want it, right, or worst case scenario. That's it sounds great. But going on the back end was actually offering, actually, when I so.

Speaker 1  16:51
So the more that you, the more that you use systems, as a tool to deny reality, deny underlying problems, fix underlying problems, to fix problems in a way that denies the underlying problem. That's why I'm filming. So what are the what's the converse of that? And what is a healthy system? pretty healthy systems? I think I think there's this in a lot of ways, there's the there's a question of which one gets priority? Does this, what is actually happening to people take priority? Or does the system take priority? And the temptation in many times is to take this and put it above what's actually happening with people, right. And so people end up being the fallout. Whereas if you flip it around, and you say people do come first systems are there to support them, then it means that your systems are the ones your systems end up. Helping people instead of when systems are the ones that evolve and change, because what's at the root, what's at the root is what is actually happening with business. Right? There's no denial. So the prince ex texted me last night. And he's working for a company that has very lengthy and complicated sales process, he mapped it out. And his starting point for this whole conversation was where are we at now what is actually happening? Somebody calls in this is what you do with it, this is how we generate a quote, These are the multiple steps that we had to do to generate the quote, then this is how it's another quote, If there's revision has to go here. And then after that, it has to go somewhere else recruiting after approval, it comes back to here and like, all good systems, and all organic systems, start with things that are living things that are working, even if it's working poorly, that's the basis from which they start, right and then and then within that context, you you can improve, you can improve, you can you can revise and alter. Finally, that's a tricky thing. There's another practical example. There's no piece of it to think this is this is a little bit of a footnote. But along with that, I think it's important for people to have a voice in the systems and it's

Speaker 1  19:48
not not everybody gets an equal voice. But if there's not active feedback from the people who are affected by the systems that are in place, and and and if there's not consideration either to the back or to even things that are behind their back, then, then that's another case in which slowly the system starts dictating your people.

Unknown Speaker  20:16
And then the systems come in power inserted. Right? Yep. Yeah. Let me try to say it a different way.

Speaker 1  20:31
Imagine your businesses kingdom. Okay? Who is the king of the kingdom? It is the system, then you have a bureaucracy? Yep. And tyranny ultimately. And if it's people, and the servants around it are the systems that help people get done what they need to get done, then you have a healthy kingdom. Yeah. And the moment that the moment that these guys who should be running around, being servants start saying, start talking to the king and saying, King, we you should do X, Y, and Z. That's the time that's when there starts to be this uprising. And you have, and they are vying for the throne. And if you allow them to take a voice, or if you have people that allow them to voice and hold it,

Unknown Speaker  21:25
then like, there's the tipping point. I really think there's a lot to this. And we should go into this here or not. But there's a lot to this, that

Speaker 1  21:47
the goal here is reality. There's what's real, what's actually happening? How are people actually doing? What's actually happening to the business? What our customers actually saying? What is the market actually doing? So that's on a big scale, but in personal conversations, do I get to see the real view? Or do I get to see a category? Do you? Are you able? If you show up as the real human? Do you actually contribute values? Are you already altering turning to art? So that you provide the value that you need to search? Right compensated, right, you're needing something from? Yeah, I eat a paycheck or preposition or some kind of validation, right? And this goes pretty deep, culturally, but it's same kind of concept. Where the more the more division that the deeper the division between what is real and what is presented. the more unhealthy the workplace. And the more they're aligned with the healthier they are. So so there is no in offense, and offense in anticipating within nature, it doesn't exist. Nature is what nature is, right? Is nature. Yeah. Yeah. And so how that applies into systems is, like, it really is this cultural element of how do you lead from a place where, where your value for? What it's seen in order, it's real. It's high enough? That when issues and challenges, well, is it high enough, that it still is a value when here's things you don't like or things happened, you don't like? When there's challenges that you're facing? An engineer appropriately deal with with, you find a solution to the problem. So that's another example. Again, we're gonna pick on salespeople, let's say you have a salesperson. So this might happen. There's any number of ways sounds like picking up salespeople. Let's say you have a salesperson who is working for your company, but doesn't buy into the basic premise of what you're offering. Let's say that you offer that what you offer is highest possible quality at a premium price. And salesperson historically buys things at the lowest possible price regardless of quality. The only way that salesperson is going to be able to show and sell is by by well first of all they can change how they buy. So that would be a solution. And by doing that they can then align who they are with actual reality of what's happening. Or they can make a decision to dissociate themselves from dissociate from the real self and say even though I buy like this, I'm going to sell as if I love this person. And the moment that you do that, then you get to introduce this. Right? Disconnect, right? So anytime that's an becomes an acceptable solution within an organization. I think it's like a virus. Like, if it's okay, here, right it starts becoming okay to replace right? Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, that's great.

Unknown Speaker  26:08
So, okay, so we're going to look at this thing, right? So um, like so in what we're writing are we like

Speaker 1  26:21
what is the what is the end goal or like what is the purpose of having these guys read this like what what's what's our what's your vision for that

Unknown Speaker  26:47
so what is the best possible thing that can happen? Yep. best possible thing is that a they feel like they feel like they need to be there's both a resonance in some sense but also some kind of challenge in order to see there is a

Unknown Speaker  27:35
ft and by the time they're done reading it there is one one thing that they can think of they should be able to change the demo and then it's for ultimately what I want to see this here is probably probably the only your one on one sessions and contentious.

Speaker 1  28:23
I feel like I have a better idea for like what you mean by systems we define systems better? Sure. Like I mean, I think like the one of the things he like when he in a previous conversation like on the phone call. When you talked about systems he said I felt like systems made simple practical systems and then organic versus non organic. Right? So.

Speaker 1  28:59
Like to have a little bit of an idea of complex like meta systems. Are you wanting to like get into like, you haven't yet let's do this. So you make a note we need about 10 more minutes on organic systems. Okay. So let's go into systems made simple, I think I think it'd be I think that might answer your question

Unknown Speaker  29:31
So way back to what I was just starting out in business, and how old were you? Oh, goodness. It was let's see where you are here. A great answer to this story but you already doing that

Unknown Speaker  30:39
let's say it was

Speaker 1  30:49
31 Okay it's like

Unknown Speaker  31:02
it's weird, he didn't even have any record

Speaker 1  31:15
2016 Okay, so that was April 29. Okay, I first got the book. So, you know, one of my, one of my friends or one of my mentors, I suppose, recommended the book school system by Sam Carpenter. And, and so it bought the book, started reading the book. And I have read other books kind of along these lines Michael Gerber's Emeth revisited was recommended by your accountant when I was in high school, and I read the book, but it never really had any tactical. Like, it wasn't tactical enough to ideological, to really work in this position. Same Carpenter was first time when it felt like I was really able to bring the two worlds together that I hadn't been able to combine were. So when I was and, and for the first time, I really started understanding how systems are how businesses are effectively a conglomerate of interconnected systems. And how I could take simple tasks that I was doing on a regular basis, and how I could break them down into steps into whatever is necessary for them to handoff to somebody else to make sure that they are actually happening. And that's just one example. This is where many different kinds of systems but but so and, and along with that, it just me back a little bit it allowed me to bring two worlds together because ever since I was eight years old, I had become very familiar with systems from the perspective of software development. And so the software development had been ended up by having very disconnected from from the actual world of business. And I never saw the interconnection, I did not see the interconnection at all in selecting and also haven't hadn't seen how deep the interconnection goes until much more recently probably within the last year or

Speaker 1  33:34
so so I think it's helpful to understand so there's there's a few things you know, how how do you

Unknown Speaker  33:48
let's start with the question, why do systems even matter, right?

Unknown Speaker  34:06
At any given level

Speaker 1  34:13
there's, there's predictability. That's fine. There's predictability. That's good. There's unpredictability that's why not particularly good second. So if somebody calls in and asks how much widget x is, you really wants a predictable answer. Widget x is $90 or $1,000. Whatever widget is

Speaker 1  35:09
And so, so if, if you find so so places where these things can be really hurt hurtful is if you haven't in a place where you're not. If there's inflammation anywhere in your business orders, work done inputs into your work, which are any number of things, if if you have unpredictable inputs going into those things, and you're trying to analyze your business in any way, it's very difficult to make informed decisions about what's actually going on. If you have unpredictability in the work that is actually being done, or uncontrolled, unpredictable, and then you have varied outcomes, one time, you know, person X builds a great product, great widget, person B builds a terrible one. You have four weeks that were everybody's working 60 to 80 hours a week, and then you have six weeks release working 20. Those types of unpredictability can be plates become quite challenging to manage. And so.

Speaker 1  36:37
So I would simply define a system as I think of systems effectively, like train tracks. They're not the train, they don't provide a proportion. But they are with keep things rolling the direction that they need to go. And they contour with the landscape well enough that it can accommodate different people in different situations. But it's still early enough that it makes sure that people are guided in the right direction.

Speaker 1  37:18
So from a very basic, so So what is a simple system, I think a simple system is something that has some kind of input, it does something and it produces something else. That's the fundamental thing in a system. A chair, swiveling chair is a system, it takes an input, ie, your movement of the body. And the output is the rotation of our chair, for a greater purpose, you can turn around a person beside you or around you. The these the event is an example of a system you could look at this room, opposite sides. There is there is in, in your case, you're sitting in front of your email, you get it, you take an action and you provide output which goes back out to somebody else. Somebody else gets input. And there in some sense, it's a system of communication. They have something short something comes to them, they there's some kind of action that happens and when it gets back to that to the to the to the person so it's very practical and tactical level of cleaning the office can be very systematic. There's inputs, which are all of the people that you know, whoever's doing the cleaning things wise, there is action that surprised leaving the office wiping things down picking up the trash, the blank, and the outcome then is a clean office

Unknown Speaker  39:28
and

Speaker 1  39:37
so when it comes to delegation, most times what happens is that so, most times it went

Speaker 1  40:02
the sales process another example the system, what are the inputs, everything the customer wants. And then a series of action steps and, and possibly engagement with the customer dealing with their objections. And the output, ultimately is is an exchange in which the customer pays for an upcoming date that they want

Unknown Speaker  40:48
is that just going to be dry and boring? I don't know, I'm trying to

Speaker 1  41:01
do you Okay, so like, do you have some like real life examples or like it's either personal or like people you've worked with already, to where like,

Unknown Speaker  41:15
people like we're met with reality that their systems are broken or like, broken up to change or stuff like that? Yeah. I mean, I think almost invariably, the best place to start with Oh, such things. So what's an example? We do this a lot with our software products and to see though about a specific situation.

Unknown Speaker  41:54
What's your question again? Like, I'm

Speaker 1  42:03
like, anything about systems? Like, was there a time and you personally already go to someone? Like, there's not like Rihanna? Wasn't that like,

Unknown Speaker  42:10
the system was broken? Something wasn't working. It wasn't like, like, back to like, what is the problem that we're solving? Do you think one of the one of the core problems that we're actually solving here is? Is there is this for many folks, there is this back and forth. So, so there is

Speaker 1  42:49
I think the biggest problem with systems is often just the challenge and seeing it. So when you're in the middle of a situation, and you have three fires that are burning, you've got deadlines to be, you've got to hit production goals, you've got to get on your sales guy for whatever the issue is, you got to get in touch with your accountant for tax purposes, there are 1000, things that are fighting for your attention. And it's in that chaos, that's really, really difficult to actually see the system that's right there in front of you. And I think it was fifth challenge that often business owners face is that they're, they, they have to sting. Like, they have to have this stuff stirring in their base, to make sure that the problems get solved, and things continue. And yet, if they want to make sure that these problems get solved, they have to take somehow, either them or somebody has to take a step back and separate themselves from it, so that they can actually see what's going on. Right. And so step number one is you have to find a way to create distance from to either yourself or find somebody else who can create distance between you the problem, the situation and themselves. So that's point number one. Number two, that you'll see is that within the chaos, there, there are already systems albeit very inefficient, and ineffective systems. Having somebody verbally communicate the details of an order to somebody in production is a system. It's just a really effective way. And so, so, once you step back, then you can start taking a look at saying what is the actual flow from A to Z, this is what happens a B, C, D and E and and where are the situations in cases where What what part of that is where things most most frequently lack the rails and that can very quickly then be the place to start

Unknown Speaker  45:20
so again an example of that

Unknown Speaker  46:02
problem is actually this all the time for example

Speaker 1  46:36
goes into a little bit of guy by the name of Limburg. He has a concept of tribal knowledge, okay. And the basic basic premise is that the value of your organization, the value that comes from your organization is actually within the organization. It's within the shared knowledge of the organization. Okay. And the greatest threat to your organization is is known as it's isolated from others. Okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  47:13
If you can drill distance, and you can find out where the problem is, it's actually quite likely that you've got somebody at or near the problem. There's already been complaining about the problem and has a solution to the problem, but doesn't have the power to actually implement the solution. You think that's how I mean, there's a million in one situation. I don't know how to address them. And maybe I can take a look at how did you actually simplify them? Like,

Unknown Speaker  47:45
is there a way to? There are a few principles for what makes things work efficiently. One. Do you have to touch information more than once to p&p people have their own get the information that they need, when they need it? Re are there appropriate guidelines to make sure that people don't forget things.

Unknown Speaker  48:26
So verbally communicating, does not let them get the information they need when they need it.

Matthias Miller  48:39
Secondly, touching anyone and once it absolutely requires that, because they have to, I mean, not only that it's possible that they have to tell the person in production that then if there's let's say there is a logistics or shipping department or something like that, that has to be communicated to them somehow. And, and certainly it does not allow for people to again, remember and so because of that there is going to be a circling back. Oh, what did they say? What happened?

Speaker 1  49:10
Where is this? I feel like there's a million different tools. I mean, in most cases, there's some cases in which the tool says problem. I guess we could get into tool sets which are

Unknown Speaker  49:31
fundamentally.

Speaker 1  49:41
Here's an example notifier client was using a FoxPro database that required copies of the database mailed to the central office synchronized and regional, each region 200 On which location had their own database, they were mailed to the central location and updates were mailed back. People did its could get access to the full system, I

Unknown Speaker  50:18
don't know that this was in this case, people did have challenges getting the information that they needed. They

Speaker 1  50:40
there is some level of support for don't forget stuff, but there is still not point supported. And so here's the fourth thing to add to that is, does the system naturally follow the way that work shouldn't be done.

Unknown Speaker  51:01
So

Speaker 1  51:13
imagine a sales process in which you were required to enter name, address, city, state, zip, phone number and email people, you could have a conversation about

Matthias Miller  51:24
a horrible system, why? Because A, you're going to kill the sales process, because you're asking them to step up, Frank, have no rapport building, and or B, you're gonna have people, you're gonna have bad information in there, because somebody's gonna put in 123 Main Street, any town USA by 5001234.

Unknown Speaker  51:46
And sometimes they'll remember to fix it, but sometimes they won't. So it's it is very important for these things to follow the natural flow of how to write.

Speaker 1  52:03
An example could be email inbox. So one of the simple things with email inbox for me has been

Speaker 1  52:15
this is a practical example of how does my email inbox? Well, I'm a little goofy, because I'm a little bit of a techie guy. All my email that comes in. This is like stage one when we get to like stage two later this year. So we'll say that any email subscription that I get gets broken into one of three categories daily, weekly, and monthly. If there's two people, three people whose emails go into the daily, they're either important enough. And then in a, one of them is, well, yeah, it's either important enough or have value in it, but it's worth me taking time, every day to take a look at it. weekly and monthly, weekly, are the people that have high value content. But it's not necessarily directly related to where I'm at right now. Okay. And the monthly are, these really are the things that I probably shouldn't be reading, but I don't have the heart to say no to. And so I just set them to monthly and to be frank, I rarely ever. Okay, so, so and weekly are also some things that are kind of on my radar. And there's some of them that are kind of on my radar. But it's like reading a newspaper every couple of months, every couple of weeks, at best. So immediately what that does, is it eliminates a lot of noise. So then, next piece, all correspondence from team members and clients go directly into a folder that allow me to respond directly with them. And much of that I've been pushing back on and trying to answer more questions because of how I work best. answer more questions by text or by phone or zoom in

Speaker 1  54:43
and then everything else spills into a when resorted. And anything in the pre sorted folder needs to be better. So if it's a subscription, it's a new subscription. Where does it go? On Edwards Air in its inevitable prospect, then it goes into production. So you know, asked me for a certain kind of resources, somebody else can provide that something's going assistant to sit back and reply to it. And this is like, very, very basic, like entry level email system. But here's what it means, when I pull up my email inbox, inbox is always a really noisy place to go. If I'm looking for something from a client, I know exactly what it was. And I don't have to get distracted by your most distracting emails. In from my experience of not emails in conversations between herbs and plants, gets emails and conversations about something out there unrelated that have no relevance to what you're doing right now.

Speaker 1  56:05
Other types of automation was made me know. So all invoices, automatically billed to accounts payable to all receipts, automatically go to a receipts, the process finger, those then automatically get sent to Google Drive shared with accounting side, and then it really wants the process to get rebuilt and been processed.

Speaker 1  56:45
All kinds of automated emails that go into specific folders so that I can work on them, uploading them, but it's automating basically any kind of automated, you know, unless it's it's some kind of Tyler this problem.

Unknown Speaker  57:05
Over 95% That's it. That's a practical example of a human system. Yeah.

Speaker 1  57:21
Okay, so I can maybe like use that as like an insurance, introduction, all the systems. So

Unknown Speaker  57:27
um when did you implement the system? Or like, what, what was the catalyst that maybe I need to get this?

Speaker 1  57:39
Interview this? Well, I mean, the catalyst for me is that I have very low tolerance for noise. Well, I say, well, tolerance. When did they first even do this? What was it like more? I mean, goodness, before we say

Speaker 1  58:09
here's what happened before, I'd be on a call. I'd be working on a project. And we'd go into my email for information. And I would get lost. And 510 15 minutes later, I pulled myself out of this other project that I started working on, because I saw the email related to that. And I pulled myself back to what it was. That was the problem. Oh, in addition to this, I don't get I don't get email on my phone. My team members have my personal cell phone. You have my clients and my personal cell at them. They know that it's for emergencies, nothing else. And most of my work so. So I think I think part of the part of the impetus for this was once again being challenged by sensors on the value of work and how terrible email is or how much it ruins it probably you know, is that it's other people losing their agenda on yours. It's completely reactive. Unless you're sending Alright, yeah. Yeah. I think at worst, I think one of the worst things didn't want to take a step back. So what was the driver? impetus was somebody somebody challenging me on this to lower noise in my life and to become more proactive? And and the more that I found the right thing to be proactive. About then the easier it's been to push reactivity aside. Like I know. So this is actually here's another, here's the simplest way to

Unknown Speaker  1:00:18
combat it may resonate with me. But I can't figure out who, who it's original list. So one of my team members gave me this little. Okay, cool look. And

Unknown Speaker  1:00:38
my claiming one thing, one nice. So every single day I don't have one for the day. Okay, so well actually I do have today, today's Good Friday. My one thing for today is commute. Because that's that's just what it is for today.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:16
But at any given point, there is one thing. Okay, so So there's at 22 Everything. Yeah, there's, if you look, if you get under dinos, 20 of those units

Speaker 1  1:01:31
valued more than all the others. And then within those, there's 8020 Within that, so there's worry bounced out of 100 that are really, really important. And of those four, there is one, right? Where if you could pick one to answer, that's the one the answer. The same is true for your priorities. There are, I don't care how many objectives you have, just by very definition, 8020 is 8020 rule of nature, it's not, it is what it is, you bite it, or you can embrace it. But of all your objectives, there is one that stands head and shoulders above the rest. So why would you spend your day putting half hearted energy across six different things, when there is one that actually matters? Now to be clear, I do more than one. And you could argue that that's not really 20. But there is one, there's only one by which I measure my success. And that's do I get that done? Yes or no? And if I did, then it was successful. If not, then it wasn't, or I chose the wrong thing.

Speaker 1  1:02:46
We'll see Helen, I'm always doing these little tiny experiments. Yeah. And are these little experiments I'm gonna try this. I'm gonna try that. By polling has been a successful experiment. So far, if I can only figure out when two things you could say the biggest, biggest hassle. That's the biggest hassle

Speaker 1  1:03:09
leaving my laptop at work and having a text only journaling computer has been given. And that kind of goes in seasons, and ageing. And we're struggling to really process that the medicines are different

Speaker 1  1:03:38
means we'd like to get a GitHub repository with Wensleydale sitting. Okay, which is good. And I want to contain scratch. I have a little laptop sitting in that corner and that okay, this is getting really good. I have. So we have we have some things that need to be automated, but shouldn't be on a publicly accessible server. Okay? Just go there later. Right. So, so we've got that running on there. So this little laptop, laptop, you can see get a battery backup for free. Internet can go out, it's fine. This little Macbook installed Linux on it. And it and I got it set up. So I can just add additional tasks that he needs to do whatever cover like that I can actually do that, as well. So and as a task. And everyone's well it says hey, are there any phone calls to this number to this number from this number? If so, let's go get it. Let's go transcribe it and let's go drop it into his absolutely no there's nothing inside. It's like, I felt like, they were like their voice memos they have like, it's how you write songs like just have these little like, you know, melody or like little like phrases and just like, record it and keep it in. Yeah. Cool. And it's like me with ideas. Yeah, exactly. Yep. Awesome. Yep. And half of that is actually meeting the creative artists. It's, sometimes it's about the actual work experienced. But most times, it's about meeting the creative artists. So that. And sometimes it's like, here's the next half of this project. Sometimes it's just priming the pump, so that when you get to that project, it's your creative juices already flowing. And you're like, I was looking at it yesterday, I didn't see a path forward this morning. I'm looking at it. That's it. See if I could do like a rhythm for that. Like, yeah, like I said, No, it's just like

Speaker 1  1:06:02
I have found it's go back to organic. And, you know, maybe it's systems, I have found with things like that. But I think seasonality is a really interesting thing to take a look at. And I don't think we often attribute enough to seasonality within professional environments. So one of my mentors has talked about push versus, you know, basically puts versus rest seasons, which I think can be appropriate. I don't even know if I, if I necessarily think of it in that way. I don't think we can always necessarily predict when we as as leaders are going into a new season. But I think we can usually look back and see specific landmark moments that this was when you started shifting into this season of leadership. And when I have very keen on this, we're coming up on a one year anniversary with one of those. And there's another one in October and right now I'm actually right at another one that I'm recognizing, but I can't like I don't quite have enough context to say everything that it is. The seasonality is important.

Speaker 1  1:07:26
Having a willingness to yield and move with the seasons, is a key to being productive without being burned out. So there are just that, if I find.

Unknown Speaker  1:07:59
So to the point of daily rhythm daily routine, I do have a daily meeting. I have a two to four minute having my scheduled audio recording that I put together and listen to every morning.

Speaker 1  1:08:32
That's actually about the only thing that it's literally fixed here. It's every single day at this time. It's that's and there are other things that I do. So our July says example, again in June, it was out do I engage? So obviously grace in Christ is important to me. How do I engage with them and with Scripture. And for a long time, I've held that I really tried to impose the tight, rigid, schedule around and I've started I've given myself permission not. And it means that there's seasonality in the batch, for example, recently picked up, caught up there, picked up a journaling Bible. It's only the book of Proverbs. And that is the context engagement. Now for a season, which means so back to organic systems, existence, for best best aligns reality. In my head, I had this ideal that you're going to be the kind of guy who's going to sit down, and you're going to have more commentaries, and you're gonna have one passage, and you're gonna dissect every Greek word in that passage, and you're gonna come up with some kind of profound research paper, that is, like, Here you go. And three years, I tried to impose a strict schedule on it. So because that was what would be, that's what that kind of person would do. Every morning, 5am to 6am, whatever it is, right, they're going to do that they have their space, it's like routine, it's like clock, you can expect it, that's not me. And the last three or four years, I've taken this shift from. So one of the things I've come to embrace is that I learned more from life than I do from books. And there's a lot of people who insist that you have to be reading books to be on top of your game and the state sharp. And, and books are great things. There's also potential downsides with books. And, and so life speaks very loudly to me. And in addition to that, the things that I pick up, are more often like bread crumbs, than they are like, huge. Then this picture of the guy sitting down. So in this particular conversation, I've unraveled this whole thing and said, what is actually important? Your world, Christ has already established some guidelines for what's important, Love God. Love the people around you. And by extension of that, allow the words of Christ were Word of God, to inform and change how you think that can live. And that doesn't require it can be just as effective, taking a dose every day, and allowing that dose to have some kind of impact on my day, then spinning this hour long die. And it's not that one is better than the other or that one is worse than the other. It's that in this case, you have to have a willingness to say you have to have a willingness to allow the humanity of us be the rule over the system that gets put in place. Does that makes sense? Yeah. Yeah. Right. So another example. This is for me, personally, I can handle a certain number of strictly defining meetings have to happen that studying, here's, here's another habit, I have a capacity for certain. But there's also a place in which I have a specific need for deep focus work that is unscheduled. Okay, or, you know, instead of saying, So, here is four hours of deep focus work, where I'm focusing on this, and I'm not gonna be interrupted, but it's not necessarily at the same time. It's approximate, perhaps, or there's variability in change.

Speaker 1  1:13:54
I was, I feel like I just like, a very, very, the very first time we had anything we get into all this, like doing this. i This isn't a podcasting, like a difference between like being productive and being fruitful. I think it's not the same thing as like, organic versus non organic, trying to produce this thing, and then it's like, fruitful and there's like, seasons to it. And there's Yes, yeah, yes. Yeah. So. So, manmade systems are often imposed, for the sake of productivity, we impose the system we can drive the wheel faster, right? Right, which is a very non 8020 way to look at it. Right? What you want is root. And what produces root health, right? A healthy organism, right, is going to give the most abundant fruit, right, but in order to do that, it has to go through seasons, right. It has to go through seasons, the pruning has to go through seasons. Like birthing growing, harvesting, right? Yeah, yeah, restarting. Like that's a natural cycle. And if you bite that in your life, you're not going to capitalize on the game. There's this famous meme where they show like, you know, reality versus expectations of an entrepreneur and it's like, expectations straight line from here to there. And then the reality is like, up, down, up, down. Yeah, yeah. Whatever. And most of us think, personally, there's a straightest path but it's actually not when you try to get his take a straight path, you're like, that's actually not how nature works. Nature works through seasons and in the shortest time condensed path Well, perhaps not even tentative. And we want to prioritize to prioritize the speed at which you get there. Your prioritize the outcome in which Porter origin are you willing to prioritize self in the process and you get to choose but it's also live and see people who are able to see amazing results but they their bodies trash in marriage rarely exists in other kids so it's much more productive to think about what is the soil the ecosystem that this has to be planted in for this to be very clear, that it was just like

Speaker 1  1:16:41
we talked about about what systems are organic versus non organic. The thing about this fractal systems Yeah, we talked about that and I know I started getting I was like, teetering on the edge of talking about it. Okay. Let me know Yeah, sure.

Speaker 1  1:17:06
That's probably what thresholds will practice so Okay, is this okay? Oh, did you see the recent news article about the Einstein formula and non repeating patterns? Ah, I feel like I saw there's like a like a shape or something No, there's like the sheet Yeah, that connects with each other Yes, it doesn't but it doesn't Yeah, yeah. I didn't see that.

Speaker 1  1:18:20
Hey, guys, I can be on here for a quick second I'm doing an interview with Matt for my new job but he's in a restroom break so I thought I picked up on what's going

Unknown Speaker  1:18:29
on yeah

Unknown Speaker  1:18:47
oh yeah, we don't have school events but we are often heard about it. But um, Matt and I are doing our first interview for the first article writing champion this was an intro a little bit back and forth

Speaker 1  1:19:16
time today don't have one second

Unknown Speaker  1:19:34
we haven't really been doing what we thought was going to be is that God's gonna go

Speaker 1  1:19:50
Jaden Melo. Brother is with a team over in Turkey right now. So we ended up just jumping in trouble but we keep chatting with him. No, no, it was like it was it was random. Hey, Unschedule anybody who didn't know what's happening, Sam, get in for a minute. Cool. Well, that sorry, the bathroom is like, all the way.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:18
Back

Speaker 1  1:20:27
Okay. When most people think it's that consistent, they think of straight lines and corners. Anything take back a little bit, that's I think that's one of the fights that we have with natural systems is that there's a very straight lines very, very, like writing a punch, right? Nature doesn't work like that. And one of the breakthroughs in back pain with the concept of development and practice. And and fractal is a practical simply a pattern that repeats itself. And it's infinite. And once again, you see it in nature. So the tree example of this fractal in nature. And if you step back a bit, even the ecosystem, there's been some studies done, in which the layout of the torus can be predicted, based on some characteristic of individual trees. So, once again, I think this is one of those things that is a law of nature.

Speaker 1  1:21:58
So how does this apply to business? Well, it's one thing to be able to look at systems. But it's another thing to be able to look at systems within systems. So what does this look like? Well, you have a bookkeeper

Matthias Miller  1:22:16
in your business, who's entering transactions into, you know, assuming you don't have automatic imports, which, whatever, like, let's just pretend for a moment, they're entering this, this transactions into the accounting system. And, and these get fed into it, there's two ways you can do this. Let's go one way with the human side. And they are part of an accounting team. And you have a CFO or controller who's over them. And like, in, in that department, when you have HR or whatever it is like they're all tightly, tightly integrated there. Perhaps, and, and the accounting department. So the individual as a whole has responsibilities, things they take in things they they put out. And they have specific responsibilities. But then the team as a whole has a certain set of things that have been taken. And then they take out and they are part of a company and the company has the company itself as a system are working with customers, they're working, they're providing this activity producing this output. Other departments or systems, you have the marketing team, getting the input, they are producing some activities, we're producing outputs they're taking, they're taking money of some kind and generating leads on on the other end of some form or fashion, creating brand positive brand awareness, and lowering conversion costs because of that, fill in the blank, sales team, same same way, production fulfillment, same kind of thing, some kind of input. So a business is a system within it has all these little systems want departments. And within that you've got individuals who are contributing their parts that system. And a could you scale that up a corporation many times is effectively a conglomeration of those, all within a larger system of the corporation. But that's not where it stops. You also then have the economy of your industry which is itself a system of which your company is one and it is part of a bigger system, which is the national economy, which is part of a bigger system, which is a global economy. So what does this mean? Well, if you your your

Speaker 1  1:25:00
I think it's up to you to decide what leverage point is. Okay, and these have varying degrees of leverage points. So somebody who's inputting numbers into the accounting system has some level of control, if they managed to finagle numbers, which they shouldn't be doing, that they have a small level of control possible control over the outcome. Somebody over the department as a higher level of control, somebody running the company has a higher level of control. But who runs the economy? Well, there's, there's two factors in the economy. Number one is the who are the buyers within that segment? And who is the influence with them? Number one, and number two, who is the largest player in that? Okay, and so, so, if you want to, okay, so. So what are the what are the potential leverage points? Well, if you want to make small changes, change it on a very tactical level. Like, let's, let's, instead of checking this box, let's go check the other box. If you want more leverage, make changes at the management level, you want more changes, if you want to configure lever, change them at a senior leadership level? Direction, if you want it at a higher level, it's possible. So it's possible this is a lot more work, but your success may actually be determined is likely I would actually not even likely that your success is determined more by what market are you in? And what is your relation to the markets, then all of these other things. So, so all of these things are important. But you, but there's only long as you can sit back and bring it up. So just to kind of wrap it up having an understanding. This could actually be good exercise mapping out, what are the things that are driving. So we add to this, by the way that you might have multiple customer segments, you likely do have multiple customer segments, we're affected by different types of economies, it could be geographic, so we have a location in Pennsylvania, we have a location in Texas, and because of geographic differences in market differences, those locations are impacted separately. And so one of the things because systems are fractal in nature, if you're it's impossible for the for the bookkeeper, not to be affected in some way based on the macro system. But if it is in that it means one of the best decisions that you can make are one of the the the highest risk reward decisions you can make. Or at the it's always at the most macro scale choosing to go into this market that's jumping that's that's that is jumping into an empty swimming pool versus jumping into this one where the strength of the market itself is going to carry you has like orders of magnitude in classifieds.

Unknown Speaker  1:28:56
So

Unknown Speaker  1:29:05
this one ends up saying I think there are two main questions that you ask you into more specifics again at 20 means that the broader your breadth of organization or market segments or locations more whatever the more opportunity you have to identify one or two areas to go back the one area that if you choose to double down on it will be exponential returns

Speaker 1  1:30:01
There's another interesting thing that I've played around with this journey

Matthias Miller  1:30:15
I think I'm still, like, together like what, like, what you're like, what we're getting at what it would mean is that systems do not live in isolation systems and systems do not just interact with systems Horizont. Okay, assembly line, what's an assembly web assembly line is, there's somebody doing some kind of repetitive tasks that happens this time, and then it goes over to here, and this person does this repetitive task, and it goes over here, and this person does it, and it goes down to the line. So somebody puts together the body, somebody puts together the engine, the body of a car puts together the engine, it comes together, they put the engine in body, somebody works on the puts the seats together, the seats go in there. And then, you know, somewhere in there, people are painting things, and then it goes out. That is a, it is a coordinated set of systems that meet yield and output. But that's only one way of looking that's but that's the entire set of systems is part of a bigger system, which is there is a whole industry of people who are buying cars. And they are making decisions about where to buy, who to buy cars from and

Speaker 1  1:31:27
and, you know, going out the other side with the car that they're driving. And within each of those, Ford, Chevy, VW, fill in the blank, each of those car manufacturers is a collection of systems, but them together make up a bigger system, which is the car industry. Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. Yep. Yep. And, but the car industry is actually just one part of a bigger system, because not only do you have the car industry, and, and you have inputs into the car industry, things the car industry is doing, you have outputs that come from that. You also have the car industry, you have the housing industry, you have the land within the housing district, you've got sub districts. You know, let's say you get realtors and mortgage brokers are just opposing the planning Street and you've got new construction, you've got repairs, and you've got interior stuff, and you've got, I don't know, dozens more. And so that by itself is a system of systems. And there's an interplay between those different sub districts within that can even with the companies within that there's an integrated system within that. Okay. And, and then there's national economy, which is a collection of the of the industries working together in a national economy, where there is input into the economy for some kind of output. Like it's very basic activity across hours that we think I mean, my practical systems is, is you can learn to see systems not just as a sequence of events, but we learn to look at systems and look for systems within systems and look for systems systems, that they are with it. There's two ways where this helps one, it helps with strategic thinking. Strategic Thinking requires you to look beyond your own strategic thinking is shifting from a small system to a bigger system. And understanding what are the big leverage leverage points that are that have the biggest impact on the outcome of where we're going, right, it makes sense, like what system are you in, in? And so, my argument previously is is that is the that is the big level. So put yourself into a market, some market that is growing, this is a Richard cash thing, but put yourself into some market that is growing, and then be number one in that market and the wind will be at your back. And no amount of money. Michael Hyatt or Donald Miller or Michael Gerber, Sam Carpenter or whoever it is Grant Cardone and like they can make tweaks and improvements and perhaps they can help you shift to something that is that but apart from that, any kind of changes like that have limited time. Yeah. Experience. So but then there's there's this other thing that can be really useful. The flip side of it is, I think it's useful delegation tour. So you're I am at my inbox, I have 1000 emails in my inbox. And being able to break down and compartmentalize things is a really useful tool. So what do we do when I sit down and, and manage my inbox, I might not know. But if somebody looks over my shoulder, what I do is I go through and I delete this one, this one, ignore this one, because when I'll get back to this, do that or respond to this when this one, what I should do is actually go put it over here, so they can find it when I'm ready for it. But I'm too lazy. And so don't do that. But so. So there's all of these things that I'm doing. And it looks like a, like a mess. But what I did with email filtering is I said, there's a big system here, which is my email. But what are the systems even this is one of them is go take all of the subscriptions. And don't just put them over here into folders, but go prioritize them, not in complex prioritization, very simple prioritization, based on what I actually want to see. Yeah. And now, because I've done that I've just extracted, I've just taken something that was very convoluted, fully defined system that I've, that I've carved off a part of that that can be very easily systematized in software. And the only time it requires my input is once I'm going to use subscription shows up. And is this important to do, basically is the question, then there's the next piece, which is I need to get ready to schedule. Now this is probably one of it's more complicated for me to do this, I'm very finicky about I'm very picky about my schedule,

Speaker 1  1:36:57
and how I schedule things. So I am not willing other people to pick time slots to put on my calendar. They don't have that freedom. But I am willing to say is here are the three time slots that I would find acceptable. And which one of these works. And if they don't work, come back to me. And let's find some second best or something like that. And I know that's very hands on and perhaps not the most efficient. But I'm not optimizing for efficiency. I'm optimizing for focus. And so and, and so what is the part of the system that can be? What is this within the system? It's very difficult for me to explain to somebody at this point, why these times are better than those times. But I have a whole set of criteria that I'm running through my head. Okay, what am I going to be looking on? Well, the focus is required, what's gonna be my energy going to be level pack? It's a good starter and the movie, does it? How much energy is required for this meeting? Is there gonna be follow up? Is there any kind of preparation that's required? Do I personally find it to be an interesting meeting, and I'm more likely to come up with energized versus drained? Do I want to have this meeting as a priority in light of everything else I'm doing this week? Like, there's all these factors I'm running through? Yeah, that's a really hard thing to delegate. Right? But what's easy to delegate is the here are the time slots, can you go coordinated with this person? That's a very simple, fairly complex system. So now I've taken taken one more part of that system. And I've extracted that, so that now my focus narrows to this. And not only that, the whole thing of finding the email when there's something that needs to be scheduled, can turn into a conversation, should I schedule this? Is this a priority? When would you like to what are the options and when you and now I don't have to read the email. And the communication side of it has been appointments right here. And now I'm left with and so so delegating anything can be like the capacity to look at. Let's look, here's another great sample. We're doing it with this project. So you and I are having a conversation. In the past, what I would have done is I would have sat down, I would have tried to write everything out myself. And that, in itself is some form of content, content production system. Sit down, write it out. It's all the follow up stuff. That's what we're doing here is we're taking one part of that which is the craft this into words that communicate the ideas well, and we're keeping the part of it that's really difficult to delegate which is all the stuff that's in my head And we're carving off that piece. And so now, what had been so with a split it looked like previously was production system inputs, you know, all the things going by spring sits down for 90 minutes, or whatever the number is, when you count something out. And now it's in written form that goes out. And we said, what if instead of this, we took that thing, and we divided it, and half of what Matthias does, is talks about these ideas in the in the concepts and what he's trying to communicate. And somebody else actually does the work of finding Nikitas ideas. So we've now carved, again, I'm not optimizing for time, because strictly speaking, we would probably be more efficient, ready to sit down and do this, right we're optimizing for however, is quality of content. And there's a little bit of internal resistance to saying this, but I'm optimizing for easy life. Right. Yeah, yeah. Right. Yeah. It'll be image. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:41:37
We'll say, okay, because everybody's major. So I will say that I really hesitated from doing spiritual stuff. Somebody once said that the only people ever got spirit in the room. At the end of a business meeting, said, well, let's just take the word here. So there's that, which I have seen my share of that experience. But Jesus did say that his yoke is easy and his burden but his life so if it's not easy, and it's not like then we should be asking, When should be asking.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:16
But I don't find this to be particularly interesting. I don't know the reporting of racism. Right? There's something there there is something Yeah. And I'm in a way different place with it that I was

Speaker 1  1:42:34
wasn't particularly comfortable talking that much about finances, but actually much more productive with much less stress. And you can ask the question, why but like, there's a verse I can't reference but scripture talks about the Lord giving increase and not bringing in sorrow with

Speaker 1  1:42:58
it. So once again, and there's also there's also this verse that talks to inequality passes that James and I pray that you would prosper as your soul prospers. That goes back to this idea of creating healthy people being a healthy person, healthy mindset, like work from some practical things in which people step into my world beyond really in some way, the only way I would have stopped it, it's like intentionally stopping it. Which is a weird way to grow a business but but so that happened, the two things I've been focusing most on in the last year I've been having a healthy mind and having a healthy heart. So dealing dealing with with all Switzerland believing long stories, including myself and effectively dealing with trauma and so, health tactics of business, especially the point of the talking to these guys, that's not that complicated. Okay, but health is health is the key to being able to produce an abundance of fruit without destroying it. Yeah, yeah. So this all ties back together somehow. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:44:57
So in fact, also, on practice, talked about strategic thinking like, looking beyond like, what system are you in? And then like, how does it go the other way into like delegation? Okay, like narrowing it down? Well, I mean, there's a few ways delegation is one. So you have something carve off a piece and drill in. Yeah, there's another way in which it is in which diagnosis? Okay, company is struggling? Well, let's go macro. Is the industry struggling? Yes or No? No. Okay. Let's go micro company. Like, where is the where's the bomb pronto? Where's the bomb? Oh, it's within? It's actually sales are great. We just have a high return rate. Oh, probably there's something either they're selling something No, have. We're filming as well? Which one? Is it? It's not sales problem. It's a production problem. We go into production. Where's the problem? Well, all of our widgets are coming out with a broken X, Y or Z? Well, here's what we're going to do, we're going to do a stopgap we're going to do a quality check where anything goes out. And that's, that's one that you collect. And then it's a well, you know, here's the maybe this takes time, it takes some digging, take some whatever. But there is this team here that is working well together as a team. But there is a disconnect between this other part over here, and things are getting lost. Well, we can't just blame them, we can't just blame them. Because they're all parts of a big we have to. So we use Zoom in to identify where the issue is. Sometimes we have to zoom back out, take one step back, how do we unify these parts so that they all play together as a whole, and we fix the problem?

Matthias Miller  1:46:42
So understanding that, you know, scaling up and stealing backhand as a way of finding and troubleshooting root issues is a really useful skill. Make sense? Yeah. Yeah. And it can even go all the way down to a person. Right? You have, you could go, let's say that it was probably the sales team. Well, it could be you find that there's this guy over here? Who's selling something? He's got no business selling?

Speaker 1  1:47:09
Yeah. Why is that? Well, even people, people's lives are fractal. Right? So it could be there is this relational issue outside of work, that is creating an impact on his work performance? And and sidenote, if that's happening, most likely, well, so so there's this interrelated system, one of them is our app, and until you can, the healthier that all of those are for this person, the better performance is going to be jumping way back, if you if you most work culture, and there's, there's, there's a sense in which having healthy, clear boundaries between work and the rest of life, it's absolute, it's not just in fact, it is important to know, or, understand that explains why, but, but understanding that they are a full of person, and that there were parts within them that interconnect that form of the person. And here's the other interesting thing. Along with that. That's, so that's another piece

Speaker 1  1:48:39
we talked a little bit about trees reflecting the forest, the forest from the trees, it also triggers. Okay, so if you'd have

Speaker 1  1:48:51
if you have a meter the more so you don't have full control, certainly you don't have insurance, the only thing you have control over ultimately is who's in your organization who's not gonna give them instructions, and whether to keeping a fire than effectively like that's basically the level of controls you pick your people and, and they still get to decide whether or not they're going to do it. But by and large, the traits of you as a leader, you're going to see reflected in your organization. So if you are healthy, then you will attract healthy people, and you will naturally repel unhealthy people. If you if you have trauma that has not been dealt with insecurity that hasn't been dealt with or there's some part of your inner being that's that's misshapen, perhaps not even by your own choice. It's going to affect how you lead other people in So, this is moving away from the practical systems to the practical organism. Okay, there is a wide, yeah, there is life here. And the healthy the healthier that you are as a leader are healthier and healthier than the people around you in the health room in the health this resident physician practical example.

Speaker 1  1:50:36
Acquaintance owns a business and has really poor judgment on hiring employees. And has had a continued pattern of hiring people, hiring new people promoting new people to management and, and losing best performers as a result. So you look at this, and what's the problem? We'll come across this problem. He's got a really poor hiring process, because he's hiring the wrong people. But if you want to look at this from an organic or living standpoint, what is the problem? Well, I don't know this guy, personally. So I gotta be careful what kind of judgments that I'm that I mean, but if I had to, but one of the things that would be worth taking a look at is the what are the what are the ways in which his soul has been misshapen, so as to attract unhealthy people? And to identify and resonate? Yes, we largely resonate with people of like kind, right personalities like each other, healthy people, like healthy people, unhealthy people, like I don't think people like we largely attract who we are. And so if he were to deal with that, and find wholeness in himself, and then as a result of that wholeness, theater as a result of his heart becoming more, his mind, then becoming renewed, and thinking about his business and his people in a way, he would then start making different hiring decisions, and start building a different culture, and have a level of stability and longevity and help in his business that he's not able to write. And I think, for a long time, I've thought it's taken me a long time. And I think this is true for most people. You can't, I was reading somewhere this morning, you can't sell mindset, or, or any kind of emotional awareness by itself. For most people, and for most people who start to recognize the value of it, they have to go on their own very often very lengthy journey of understanding how their mindset and their how their emotional health is directly impacting the outcomes of what they're producing. And it's much easier to say, I can get you, I can build with like, I can, whatever the number is, I can add a million dollars to your bottom line. Do you want it yes or no? And then the path to that is dealing with your mindset, in our issues. It's very difficult to say, Hey, do you want to fix this yesterday? Right. But I think for me, it's been this realization, because I've thought about the lifetime, but it doesn't seem like long time I couldn't see the monetary connection. And the thing that shifted for me was coming to the realization. Like, what shifted for me it was I had to come to the understanding that yes, this is actually important. And I've got issues here. And then going on the journey of solving those addressing those issues. And then three, looking at the root. I would love to say that I had faith in the surfing that I had certainly writing about this right. It's healthy, it's good appear good. I wish I could say like, Yes, I knew that. And I was just like, Yeah, I'm just gonna become healthy. And so like, it's terrifying, right? It's not. It's logical. And yet it's not. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. This is like resonate. This conversation is organic. Yeah. And earlier, it was very slick. Part of this is get us getting into the groove. The person having this conversation was like, we'll see how this stuff. I don't know what you can use what you can do. This part of the conversation is organic. It's right. Right, but it's unpredictable. Yeah, but it's but it's gonna yield good outcome. Yeah. Does that make sense? Yeah, there's a lot of like, that's like, yeah yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:04
There is a.

Unknown Speaker  1:55:19
Risk

Speaker 1  1:55:26
any more questions? I think I'll probably have some more like, since I haven't written anything yet, like, how to do this or like, what? What exactly like, it's all gonna look like I think I also have some visiting. Yeah, like, answered right now necessarily Yes. Yeah. I don't know where I saw this or where I put it. Because the bad thing about me sometimes I'm literally in position but some of you are listening. But people and their giftings are systematic. Okay. So let's

Speaker 1  1:56:22
it depends on where on the tree back by yourself at the bottom of the orchard. We haven't even talked about the back of the way. There's really interesting man about stealing realizations. Okay, so he's going to ask me next time, yeah. Okay. It could be interesting. But at the very bottom of the organization. The input that you give people are tasks, and the output is dumb. Okay, on a management level, the input that you give is, I mean, you give them a vision, and they develop a plan. And they provide accountability. And what you get out of it is from two people getting something done. There's some people where if you talk to them, and you give them something like, here's the plan, and here's the accountability and didn't happen, and then there's some people who you give them. But, but the people, often sometimes the people who are in the weeds don't have the capacity to produce plan. But the people, and sometimes people who can produce a plan don't have a future facing vision. But there are people who can take things from wherever. And they take information from the world. And they say, what if we did this, and they have a vivid picture of the future. And they provide it to the people who are managing who take a vision, turn it into a plan, that folks take the plan, they turn it into action? Yeah. And so this is part of a healthy ecosystem. So if you understand, if you understand human relationships and performance of this, we really useful to know that if you give me X, whatever x is, I'm going to provide you y. That's what I'm allowed to do. Yeah. And put yourself into positions where you where you, you're rewarded for doing that, where it's productive for you to do. Ya

Matthias Miller  1:58:19
tree, get sunlight, produces, leaves, produces. I'm sorry, we should do this. We take an oxygen produce, or the oxide, I actually take the trees take it, yeah, then consume it. And they they produce oxygen, right? Like that's a symbiotic relationship, and systems to have symbiotic relationships where one person wants us to did speeding something out, but something else is taking. It's feeding out something else that this person needs. That's what an industry is. Right? Right. Yeah. So cool. Good. As far as


Transcribed by https://otter.ai