Unknown Speaker  01:11
You?

Unknown Speaker  03:14
Well Well

Matthias Miller  03:16
that kind of works it's my laptop we can get back to my air pods now understand why

Unknown Speaker  03:27
okay they can't Yeah, anyway, we just have to hear background noise it's me home kids run around

Unknown Speaker  03:38
well congratulations. Thank you on a happy healthy baby I presume?

Unknown Speaker  03:44
Yep.

Unknown Speaker  03:45
Happy healthy baby.

Unknown Speaker  03:48
Happy Healthy mom.

Matthias Miller  03:50
Yep, she's doing good. Still kind of a lot to just back into daily life so doing kind of a augmented schedule this week trying to get done what needs to get done

Unknown Speaker  04:08
Hey Mark

Speaker 1  04:11
congratulations. Thank you I have I heard you had a baby but I haven't heard boy girl

Matthias Miller  04:22
Girl Malaya reason. Let me see if I can send a picture over I really disconnected when it came down to being out of the office. So I should have sent a more formal birth announcement to everybody. But since not this

Unknown Speaker  04:56
year, we're doing First things first. Obviously,

Unknown Speaker  04:59
this This that's the name of the game

Matthias Miller  05:19
Yep. So I'm here if you hear kids run around in the background or interruptions or things like that, it's it's me. It's me juggling a few things. So

Speaker 1  05:39
yep. Yeah. So what are the other children? What did they say about the baby? Are they are like big adjustment for them as well.

Matthias Miller  05:50
It's a bit probably, they've done they've done fairly well. I think they kind of, especially our youngest kind of felt the change coming on. I don't know. He's, he's pretty happy to get back into some semblance of normalcy. And so I think that that's helped adjustments for sure. Yes, siblings are I mean, her siblings are delighted and when older any chance they get, so she will I have a feeling she will never lack for attention.

Unknown Speaker  06:48
Right

Speaker 2  06:56
Did I miss anything? I thought I had muted my microphone. Instead, I muted my speakers and not have it thought, man, it got quiet for a while. Oh,

Matthias Miller  07:04
no, we're just pleasantries.

Unknown Speaker  07:09
I was like, huh, like, why did it get so quiet? Matthias went looking for a picture. Did he fall off the edge of the world? Wait a minute. Something's not right.

Unknown Speaker  07:20
There's a big drop off. Yeah. All right. Well,

Unknown Speaker  07:28
do you want to

Unknown Speaker  07:31
dive in? Dive into your agenda merch?

Speaker 1  07:38
Sure. Well, I was looking at the picture. I have a sister then as well. But I was looking at the date. 715. And then the weight 715.

Matthias Miller  07:53
Beneath beneath his doctor was pretty pleased with herself. She was like, she was like, Yeah, I think you know, I don't think she'll be eight pounds. I think she actually called it at 715. So not only did she call it right, but we nailed it. You'd have matches the date. So she was just pretty pleased with herself on that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  08:22
Yeah, we can see, we're gonna dive in. So I wasn't quite sure where to where to start and I didn't want to overwhelm you, either, because I'm sure you've got a lot going on. So.

Speaker 1  08:47
Yeah, unless you have some some other other place you want it to start? We can just start with the agenda. Jason. Yeah.

Speaker 1  09:02
Okay, so, ya know, let's start with I guess. Let's start with payroll verification, just kind of get caught up to speed on that. I think be helpful discuss our current status of payroll module testing from a high level of jump in here, Dwayne if you have things to add. So, last week, we decided to move all of our testing to the live system instead of the test environment. Test and iron was causing a number of issues trying to keep everything in sync when the imported data were wiping out. It just made a wasn't working very well. So we said well, we do this in a live system and we did and so far nothing has gone sideways that we know of So says imported all employee config data from the test environment to the live system. late Thursday night, I think email was, was nine o'clock or so. So I think he was working late to move that over. And then the timecard data was then entered for that week, an errand on Friday Aaron's reviewing it now as we speak. So far, we've only found some minor discrepancies. There's like some rounding things that I was just saying, while we were gonna go through all of it, and then see what we have and then go from there. But and then three, all timecard data is being entered for seven, nine to 15, which was last week, it's being entered as of today. And then we'll review those results. Anything you have to add Dwayne, on what you're seeing in your office getting? I mean, the big part, I think was was setting up the configurations initially, but you have a feel for ongoing, like, what's it take to enter the timecard every three weeks

Speaker 2  11:15
pretty painless. I for kicks, and giggles, I was trying to get a hold of 3d structure up today on some things and they are hard responding to that design, pull project off my board and when grad labor intensive building rules to start importing these things, which, which will make actually life a little bit easier, because, you know, catch some other things as well. But Seth, apparently when he imported a bunch of stuff, notice that the pleasant valleys are not pleasant valley structures. Yeah, Pleasant Valley structures, was not showing New York District anymore and decided to helpfully put it back over on New York District instead of leaving it in Ohio, where we changed it over to a had some things go sideways, very minor things go sideways. But that's besides the point of this conversation.

Speaker 1  12:20
And then for in reviewing the pillars, we've determined a number of changes that need to be made to verification reports before we're ready to go live. We'll cover those below and be then do you have any developments? To view? I should, there's for a few things, I know we'd wanted to keep that to a minimum, or let's get started with it and not spend a bunch of time making the reports look all nice, and, and all of that. But there are a number of things that are concerns and I think they're valid concerns from builders. Like one is we need to make a vacation conditional so that it only shows for builders that are for people that are paid vacation to get paid, we receive paid vacation, and it does not show for ones that don't because a good idea to always show pay vacation like ours or PVK on your pay stubs and you don't offer it in that company. That's one thing and then another which is where we're spelling out the complaint complex as as it is. And we're mixing pool and non full production ending up with a legal it legal calculation on overtime. How we display that thing is pretty important that we keep that so that it's similar to what we what we what they're used to seeing now. So that's a little bit of the why on some of these changes. And then, like we discussed last week that he had said there was some design fatigue and of this project, and we didn't really know what we wanted verification reports, which is true. And I think now we have well, I sent you what I think was knowing what I know now I send you what I think is ideal now so or do you have any developments to review? I saw these three were things that were noted on development update, so anything to add on any of those or not?

Matthias Miller  14:53
No, I've been very lacks about reviewing Seth's work mostly because of his thoroughness and attention to detail already in the fact that we're running everything through its paces. So if it's available for review, it means it's available in the test system as long as we've updated since since it's been completed. So, I might, might try to take a glance at it, but it's one of those things that in light of everything kind of ends up falling down to the point on the list

Speaker 1  15:41
Hang on, can I take a 32nd There's a ground there they see it. Now there's a ground dug out here and I was going the other guy's words that they're trying to have had to plan to dispatch dispatch of its keywords that now so we're all good. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  16:04
This sounds like the Amish version of someone yelling squirrel.

Speaker 1  16:11
Well, I hear some activity. So if I'm distracted just a little bit, that's probably why.

Speaker 1  16:21
There's Okay, so that takes us to be in our July 12 meeting, we discuss revising payroll verification report. Planning for me to work with Drew, Drew Ben, I think we'd left it with Drew to recreate as Word docs, I have recreated the company payroll verification, and Labor Office and simply marked up the employee verification report as attached. And I wanted to go through some of these changes wanted if Ben would be available to take these and create them as Word documents how we should proceed so and I think let's before we get into the into the details of that, let's just cover see just a there's a level of concern from inside and builders, that payroll module is diverting it energy from accounting, testing, development implementation, I would say more so on have more insight sites and, or else add to this, the fact that we have a simplistic payroll system that works okay, as is so it's not something that's what we have isn't painful or urgent like accounting, but where we're at with that, I believe the best possible solution is to move it forward as fast as we can, while we have sets available, and also because we are so close to having it fully implemented, at which point I believe it will require minimal energy to maintain I think if not otherwise, we can expect to start this up again next summer which I don't think anybody wants to do so. But a call with Well, I'm curious Messiah as if you have

Unknown Speaker  18:10
questions on your perspective, what what would be helpful to keep this moving forward? Or just your thoughts in general on mine?

Matthias Miller  18:31
Well, I mean, I don't know exactly how general but my really general questions is question is it's easy to get wrapped in a stick. So we continue being realistic about effort required to design build and develop stuff. And I have always been helpful in that but we can all get better at that. The other very broad general thing is that as this project grows, more people become involved having an active project manager makes sense possibly even having one on our side and one on your side to coordinate and then for the specific thing at hand

Unknown Speaker  19:26
i

Matthias Miller  19:32
i could do a call tomorrow if I'm needing to wildly rearrange my schedule this week because I don't know we're still waiting to just because not fully in the swing of things. So we might need to rearrange when the call actually is.

Unknown Speaker  19:54
So I can either we

Speaker 1  19:55
can be flexible on that. Well, yeah, we can we can accommodate whatever time works for you. What I don't know is it's, there's some of the things that is going to set directly and set has good answers on, on all of this stuff. I just, but we don't want to. I'm always conscious of just try to be conscious of not burning up too much of his time answering questions and what have you, but I would

Speaker 1  20:39
but yeah, if you if you think a call would be good, then I would say by Yeah, by tomorrow we'll have we'll have reviewed a week's worth in the live system and found the minor things and we have the right people in that meeting, I think we should be able to quickly figure out what needs done and best way to move ahead

Matthias Miller  21:18
sounds good? Yeah, I mean, options for me are gonna be either

Unknown Speaker  21:28
super early in the morning or three to four in the afternoon.

Speaker 1  21:34
And with tomorrow be better than been Wednesday for you.

Unknown Speaker  21:41
Wednesday,

Unknown Speaker  21:42
I'm thinking if we then I was thinking if we do oh, we should if we do tomorrow afternoon. Data for bid. You'd have two weeks worth of sem to review.

Matthias Miller  22:08
I mean, if you'd rather. I could do pretty early for Seth. But I could do eight to nine Wednesday morning.

Unknown Speaker  22:28
That would get better that that would be ideal for me. But if that's too early for set and

Unknown Speaker  22:42
another time as well

Speaker 1  22:48
as Mr. Green Okay. Well, if we do that, should we should we go through the the attach the revised verification reports now or should we just wait until then?

Unknown Speaker  23:11
Let's go ahead and

Unknown Speaker  23:26
did you say go ahead and go through them now?

Matthias Miller  23:28
I think we could. Yeah, I think there's a there's a pause. Yeah, I think if we would go ahead. If these are clear enough, there's no reason why we can't send them over to Seth as is.

Speaker 1  23:44
Okay, so I just sent you the last one that I failed to send but the first one the first pages that attach if we can do something very similar to this, I think we can replace all the company verification reports that we had. There's like the cover sheet and then about three different sets of company verification report. So if we would have start with the first one, the reporting period just like you currently have week number, date range production total. Then we've got pool production if we can show the pool percentage. Most of these we are showing already pool sub total labor intensive building adjustments, the pool dollar total base pay the pool bonus pay the work orders and then we're going to pull hours

Unknown Speaker  24:48
the hourly rate so then the work orders the hourly rate and then finally

Speaker 1  24:59
the hourly rate for that location at $25.29 Follow the math through that. Then the labor intensive billing adjustments, just like we have it, like it is now, the work orders, like it is now, the exceptions, pretty much. I don't think there's not a whole lot of not sure that there's any field. Yeah, that the hourly rate for both the bonus pin and the work orders and then the final 2529. I don't think those numbers are showing on the current county verification. Or but I think pretty much all the other fields are already listed. So I think that's pretty straightforward.

Matthias Miller  25:49
So just to be clear, though, that hourly rate does not is a flat rate, it's not an overtime adjusted rate.

Unknown Speaker  26:06
It is the overtime adjusted rate. It would be what

Matthias Miller  26:15
I got it. Because we have the effect we have the the adjusted what I forget what we call it, but that

Unknown Speaker  26:23
overtime adjusted hours.

Unknown Speaker  26:26
Yeah, it would. Yeah. Cuz in what I listed here, what are the are the things that he was going to be looking at when they're when they're verifying? So? Yeah, that's that 2648 would be what an employee would see on his employee KPI or the employee or the verification report.

Speaker 1  27:04
Yeah, it would I forget what you call it. But you're right, if they worked, let's just say there was just one employee and he worked 45 hours, then we have to divide the pool by 47 and a half hours instead of 45 to get to correct on a bonus rate. And then this would be the number the number you get when you divide by 47.5 and not 45. I think what then we're thinking the same thing, right?

Matthias Miller  27:35
Sounds Yeah, we're thinking the same thing. And then the pool hours as the pool hours show the 47.5 Or does that show the 45?

Speaker 1  27:44
The 47.5. So that would ensure that the math works if you were looking at okay, what's the pool bonus? Write that by two 10.1 and then

Speaker 1  28:12
well, one thing that I would add a big deal here we have the thing with how do you show hours and minutes do you show? How do you show 30 minutes? Do you show it as point five Do you showed us 30 Well that one's easy, but if you have 48 minutes or whatever, and everyone here we're we're going to use hours and minutes so that nobody's ever trying to figure out decimal parts of an hour. So doing this is to 10 point 41 We could show that but that's fine here to show that as a decimal, but all the other places think you want to stay with showing hours and minutes.

Matthias Miller  29:00
Okay, as an alternative you could also do another eight colon for eight, eight days, you know, whatever. He tends to wait for when they need to. So eight days 18 minutes and when he or eight days 18 hours and 25 minutes or something like that

Unknown Speaker  29:35
yeah

Speaker 1  29:42
I would probably I mean if there's no difference to you as far as on development, they probably will do just go with hours and minutes like 210 hours. That is 50 minutes.

Speaker 1  30:01
follow that same format everywhere then anything else on on this first page

Unknown Speaker  30:15
No, I don't think so I don't know that I've got

Speaker 1  30:23
the next page where we break down the individual employees, here's what and there's I think you said you have like 50 bills on payroll just because of all the different calculations and that was I was trying to parse out what what is what do we really need to show and why because you can show all the complexities and all the calculations you'll see the paper there's just no way on how to calculate the end number. So what I am trying to show here is just I'll just start from the got the employer obviously and then the pool payroll, which we have an employee facing side and a pool facing side the employer facing side basically terms with the workers what what a person is paid he worked 34 hours and 45 minutes an hourly rate of $10 an hour and he gets a bonus of 100% which means he gets whatever the bonus is anvil ignore the work order amount he's paid $26.48 a bonus for every hour that he works in $10 base pay for every hour that he works and you see there's there are two that are 75% which means you have to

Unknown Speaker  31:56
give me one one second year

Unknown Speaker  32:25
are you still on?

Unknown Speaker  32:28
Yeah, I'm still here

Speaker 1  32:32
the excitement we're having in our areas a black bear that's that's row they're moving through the area. Who was first your errands plays are in balm. And now last night that was about a week we yeah, we could go and then somebody had in somebody's beehive tearing those apart. And last night, he was seen over four or five miles from our place so a real good chance that he could be in our neck of the woods now. So people are pretty the reactions vary quite a bit from person to person on having a bear in the area that that's not normal for your area is no no it's no it's not. There was one that will true.

Speaker 2  33:39
Keyshawn this past week or at sorry Addison this past weekend, he had a friend come down from Illinois and they went camping up on somewhere on the Appalachian Trail and ran into some bears. And so but yeah, so So is that they thought maybe that is that what the stir was over the the groundhog first that somebody thought they saw that thing or why? It's a little bit of size No.

Speaker 3  34:16
I'm back hopefully, hopefully to stay at my depth drop off again.

Speaker 1  34:26
Okay, so I was going through the player facing site and then we flip over to the pool facing site, which this is to depict a company that I use real data here. Some companies make this this a little more complicated, but we've got the production percentage, again, meaning just is all of his production coming out of the pool, or is none of it. The pool wage, are we pulling the same wage out of the pool that we are paying the employee and then the pool bonus pool? Any job we if we're paying 100% Bonus rate is 100% of that coming out of or not

Speaker 1  35:18
I think these are all fields that while I'm sure they are because we're calculating this same we have to be because I know we are because most of the ones we check were were exact matches on the final pay amount then we have non pool payroll

Unknown Speaker  35:40
the one thing that we're trying to clarify is we were calling hurting thing but we were we always been calling it pool production and non production and it's technically

Speaker 1  36:00
does become a little confusing it's a more accurate way of describing it is calling I think is pool payroll and non pool payroll where there's production or it's not it's just saying it This is coming out of a pool pay system and this is coming out of a non pool payroll. So non pool payroll is pretty straightforward. You just got your hours and then your straight hourly rate and then is the information that's what technically you boil everything down to this and you end up with for the urn Yoder 37 hours 45 minutes dollar eight is 3463 which is a dollars in how that's calculated the $27 It's a way to convert non pool rate versus the hourly rate based on how much on total how much is pool we end up with that hourly rate of 3463 a total pay and then the paid vacation paid holiday so that as a lump sum total bonus if there is any like a recessionary bonus I think just show the dollar amount and then finally rows pay total that the employee will be paid

Unknown Speaker  37:42
so yeah, showing that will allow managers to but for anything that doesn't look right and then to go deeper than that they would have to look at

Speaker 1  38:00
why verification of the individual employee verification report so anything anything to add to this Matthias or any thoughts questions on this?

Matthias Miller  38:15
My only comment is we might the very specifics of how these are broken down into grids might be I don't know we might cut scope a little bit and make it not be quite as pretty I know even this isn't that elegant but not quite as pretty but still functional and what it communicates

Unknown Speaker  38:38
Do you see a problem with fitting all of this on one page or not?

Matthias Miller  38:50
I don't know maybe we'll need to drop font sizes down but oh probably not.

Speaker 1  38:58
Yeah, I'm good with that. And then I know this the part down below where we have the GL account that was a nice to have an I don't it's it would be a real nice to have now that we're tracking everything else at account level that we are all the other invoices or other expenses. We're breaking down and really dialing in and getting those accurate so this would be real nice to have. But I don't know if that that's possible or not. But I had tried to put this at this column up here with the others and ran out of space. But what I'm trying to show here is it's pretty obvious just the employee, again his total and then his person. I think it'd be ideal if we could show a percentage or $1 on sound like just a percentage that would have to total up to 100 and then what GL Account

Unknown Speaker  40:11
basically what what is he working in we've got the example the second layer is Robert Klein we've got 65% showing us production labor and then 35%

Unknown Speaker  40:28
on shared repairs and site work so thoughts on that or any updates on what yeah first thoughts on on this or do you have is there a better way to show this and then secondly

Speaker 1  40:48
to development to do this, is that feasible for that to do yet or is this Do we need to be realistic and shelve this part?

Unknown Speaker  41:40
This this will have to wait

Unknown Speaker  41:55
because

Matthias Miller  42:07
yeah yep that those fields or fields are added yet so that we'll have to wait at least for now

Speaker 1  42:18
you're thinking until next summer when says or if somebody would have time before then

Matthias Miller  42:28
Well, I mean, we're going to be doing payroll impact so I think whenever we do payroll impact we could payroll accounting impact that we could do this or that

Unknown Speaker  42:43
you have any idea where when you're going to be working on

Matthias Miller  42:53
it's in the it's in the lineup or So Seth guessing his

Unknown Speaker  43:12
oops, what did I just do I didn't know what to do that

Unknown Speaker  43:40
let's do

Unknown Speaker  43:49
extra a

Unknown Speaker  44:08
mean it's

Matthias Miller  44:15
so he's working on nailing down the pool surplus for production and payroll verification locking down some of the some editing

Matthias Miller  44:32
so I mean, it looks like in one thing, but I don't know that it's I mean, I'm gonna guess it's two four weeks hopefully by the time he leaves for this summer but not tomorrow. I had to make up an answer.

Speaker 1  44:49
Okay, so, so on that if we circle back do we do these need to be are you Go ahead with with two forgot one other thing let's let's skip over to the the employee verification report in

Speaker 1  45:22
there so that was the last email I sent to you I just took what we're using currently and made some notes on what things that are important company logo can we add on the logo at the top the paid eight I think that is removed on the existing verification report that we did I think we should just remove it because it seems like that's something that

Unknown Speaker  45:56
information would need to be back fed to says anyway the paid vacation paid holiday is not based on whether an employee has paid vacation if no paid vacation to not show this

Speaker 1  46:19
think that could be set at the company level I don't know if is is one I have no or is it easier to set up the employee level

Unknown Speaker  46:30
we already have something for that

Speaker 1  46:36
when you do the configuration there's you have to notify whether employee receives paid vacation or not

Speaker 3  46:49
yeah has paid holidays I mean I would opt just to base it off of that if we can

Unknown Speaker  47:05
off of the employee configuration

Unknown Speaker  47:07
yeah

Unknown Speaker  47:09
yeah that would be.

Speaker 1  47:54
So how hard is it to to get something I say halfway between between this and what we have currently is it like a lot of work and we should?

Matthias Miller  48:39
Well I feel like Seth is a better better person to answer this

Speaker 1  49:05
so that's fine if you if we want to talk about this call we can a little bit of that. Now this sounds kind of silly and and maybe maybe it is but that so

Unknown Speaker  49:24
shops that are already using these or have been using them for all year and they've spent a bunch of time eating and teaching their employees on how these work and so

Unknown Speaker  49:40
they were handsome they were really concerned about going to just black and white grid thing and expecting them production employee to

Speaker 1  49:57
standard well but Now that sounds kind of I mean, it's showing pretty much the same information. So I'm trying to figure out what we could do that would work for getting that figured out. So I

Matthias Miller  50:13
mean, I, I'm wildly making up numbers, I think I'm probably the wrong person to speak. But I kind of think maybe all these changes is a day of Seth's time or less.

Unknown Speaker  50:37
Yeah, well,

Unknown Speaker  50:38
I mean, if if.

Speaker 1  50:44
So what should be our next step on on that? Well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  50:48
I guess I'm not really sure. I feel like what do you need to make a decision whether to have SAS just run with it?

Speaker 1  51:02
Nothing on my site. I mean, if, if, if you have if this gives you the information you need, and we can get something that's pretty close to this, then. Yeah, I'd say just just run with it.

Matthias Miller  51:19
I'm pretty sure this gets us what we need. I think. There's always this little thing in the back of my head that says, yeah, there's probably something that we've missed because of exactly how we do things. But I'm also not seeing anything like that, that jumps out. So I will send this over to Seth. He wanted to talk about payroll stuff this afternoon yet, and I'll see if I can.

Speaker 1  51:46
Yeah. Okay, so these, this gives you what you need, or, I mean, I can send you for all these reports. Okay, good.

Unknown Speaker  52:02
Good, well, we're

Unknown Speaker  52:05
approaching four o'clock here anything else on payroll that we should talk about?

Matthias Miller  52:16
And I can't think of anything we're going to be talking we're putting together weekly SWOT calls. We're payroll and accounting. So I'm gonna be talking with Alice Joel and Josh here if you want to get that rolling. But I don't know that guy's been around in how much to add? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  52:45
Sure. You said weekly. What are you SWAT like, we

Speaker 3  52:51
know the SWAT like the flat team, like the police force?

Speaker 1  53:00
Because there's an acronym that business like, what is it your strength, weakness, opportunities and threats is SW O T? Okay. So well on that continued progress on accounting development. So yeah, just it's evident accounting will be a top priority. And we should have all modules working by the end of September to allow for adequate testing in order to go live to 24. It appears like implementation is their biggest bottleneck. And it sounds like you're you're obviously working on a plan there. If you have suggestions, I'd be curious to hear you have suggestions on things that like they could be improved on our side as far as getting feedback and how we implement and how we if you have any feedback on on that either now or later, when we

Unknown Speaker  54:09
I don't often and

Matthias Miller  54:24
no quick, short term fixes. I mean, I think we can we can continue making improvements.

Matthias Miller  54:34
I don't know. I just I don't know that there's going to be any quick fixes. I think we just need to continue improving visibility into each other's priorities and operations and where things are at and better manage these projects. And I don't know just continue continue to get better at doing what we do.

Matthias Miller  55:03
I think what would be well worth doing, as part of a formal process, when we do the implementation call, or even like, whenever we do the official payroll module handoff, or we go live with it, is to get all stakeholders into a call and say, what did we do? Right? What did we do wrong? What should we not have? What should we have done more? What should we not have done at all? What do we wish we would do differently for next time? And I don't know who should take responsibility to make sure that happens. But I think there would be tremendous value in that. In going so far as to bringing people like Seth and Austin, if he's interesting, Ben, folks like that into the call as well. Or early somehow getting their feedback, maybe it's not even a call, maybe it's a survey or kind of a survey that we send out, and then go over those things on a call together.

Speaker 1  56:05
Oh, there's definitely some things I can think of that could be improved on payroll modeling. Don't Don't spread a project out over two and a half years, whatever. And

Speaker 1  56:23
yeah, so on accounting, are you? Are you playing to have something on that? And if what, what you're thinking, by the 28th? Well, I guess that was the other question, is that going to work for you? The development priorities call? Morning of the 28th? Usually, what is it? Five o'clock your time?

Unknown Speaker  56:49
Better not have any kids that need my attention to that? So yes, I'm planning on being there.

Speaker 1  56:57
Okay, and are you planning to have kind of a proposal or a suggestion on on path forward on that, then or what? What are you?

Matthias Miller  57:09
Yeah, I'm trying to think a little bit of what we need. I mean, I think the main thing that we would need is putting together doing a review of all the of the modules and have the modules that are left and and perhaps I don't know if putting together some kind of project plan as far as what needs to be designed? What needs to be done some kind of a timeline for those pieces? See, would be probably probably the most useful thing that we can put together.

Speaker 1  57:52
So is that something like, How can I help? Are you you're putting that together on your side? Or do you need my help from my side or what

Matthias Miller  58:03
we had I don't know if you remember, we'd started going back way back. We started going kind of working through the proposal and and working through all the different pieces of some of this is the wrong one. I want the AFR saying kind of working through the outline of everything

Speaker 1  58:33
well, should should we do that? Are you thinking we should do that? Wednesday? Are you? Yes, we are almost at four here. To wrap this up. What? As far as what works for you to schedule this this week?

Unknown Speaker  58:56
What time do you normally get into the office?

Speaker 1  59:00
I'm usually here by 545 Sorry, but both when? 345 545 So 345 and in Colorado?

Matthias Miller  59:13
No, I mean, like first thing in the morning

Unknown Speaker  59:19
Oh, I usually start at 545 Yeah.

Matthias Miller  59:21
Oh, I'm sorry. 545. Okay, well, then that's got it. I wonder if perhaps you and I maybe I should send out an updated copy of of the proposal to files that insight. And hope see if you and I can both take a look at it independently until then. And then let me see if can I just Can we tentatively planned for seven o'clock on Wednesday? And I'm a little hesitant to make too many promises. But perhaps we could get our heads together then. And if we both take a look at beforehand, get our heads together then kind of work our way through it.

Speaker 1  1:00:19
We can Could we move to 730? We usually have a 630 to 730 with Josh and I usually do on a Wednesday. But if nothing else, we could probably cut that short.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:34
Is 30 minutes enough? We got the pie.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:39
Yeah, it can be. Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:00:44
Okay, well, I will tentatively put that on my calendar. But once again, I'm going to be a little cautious with my commitment that we'll plan for sure on eight o'clock then for the payroll

Speaker 1  1:01:00
oh, what I meant was 30 minutes is enough with Josh I think if need be for that. You can do 630 to seven with Josh and then are you saying that would give you seven days to United go through the

Matthias Miller  1:01:13
Yeah, that would then give seven eight.

Speaker 1  1:01:17
And then how are we doing eight o'clock, doing eight to nine with you we just need half an hour I don't know on payroll module with

Matthias Miller  1:01:28
we only need eight eight to nine then we could do

Matthias Miller  1:01:42
we could we could do if we only had half an hour for payroll module. We could do 830 to nine for that if you want okay, I really don't have 30 These things always take longer than we think it will. I wonder if we shouldn't plan to cut just short for 30 minutes and do a 278 and 89

Speaker 1  1:02:14
Let's tentatively plan for that and if it doesn't work for you then we'll just play it by ear and regroup and we can

Matthias Miller  1:02:22
Alright sounds good. I will I will give it my best shot. Okay. Sounds good. Yeah, sounds good. Well

Speaker 1  1:02:33
it's good as much to get some rest yourself and take care of yourself. Don't Don't burn yourself out. Maybe

Matthias Miller  1:02:43
Yeah, I will try to be wise in that. So okay, good. Okay. I appreciate it.

Unknown Speaker  1:02:54
Thanks for fast and we'll be in touch

Unknown Speaker  1:02:57
all right sounds good. Thanks

Speaker 4  1:03:13
okay, hey, wait. Oh looks like Hey Josh is here to

Matthias Miller  1:03:20
have sound coming from my headset on moment. Hey, Josh. Hey, Matthias. So, Matthias you the whole normal again? You know, that is normal is not quite we're getting there. Yeah. Hey, congratulations. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:46
Gosh, I don't know if you heard of that.

Matthias Miller  1:03:48
Matthias decided several days after the baby was here to have a blood clot and end up in the ER So wait, why?

Speaker 5  1:03:55
Congratulations about that. Just so you know. That was

Matthias Miller  1:04:01
about the baby right. Man that has been an eventful week for you about us. It has been anything but DOL. Wow. So it's been I mean hey there's could have been a lot worse. Yeah, sure. That's true. My sister in law was making plans on driving from Nebraska if need be like they had to be had to stay or anything like that. She's like, telling my husband sir, you see what? Yeah. Good. Good. Oh, so I got an email from Mark. Just he's feeling kind of white knuckled on the whole accounting project. And so I thought well, As asking Josh Well, how could we connect up just on a pretty regular basis, the four of us make sure that we know that I mean, basically a mini deformities every week. And Josh says, Well, what if we grabbed the beginning of yalls phone call each week, just to do a quick touch base, and hopefully, it's just the shortest possible, keep technical conversations offline? As much as we can. So that's the idea behind it. Where is, is the accounting proposal, the roadmap that you that we have is the roadmap in your head or the Well, I mean, here's the fun thing. We've got a few different things living in a few different places. We have the proposal is the roadmap, we've got some miscellaneous stuff that ends up and change requests, specifically, specifically around payroll module. But for accounting stuff, most of that stuff is in there trying to think if there's anything that's not in there, that's that is the closest to the source of truth and I have to go back and see. Sure. And I'm looking at the I see the finished goods management the piece do we have? Do we have a specific SS 2.04 for accounting or not? Are there it is it's under complete assist accounting? IFR. Now is the finished goods management is that something else? This was meant management is part of a for Okay, did you know there's a proposal called finished good management? Oh, I'm sorry. No, that is something else. Oh goods management, that's you know I have no idea. Okay. That's like a that's a draft and I don't even know it started I don't even know what the status is. Okay. So if you would

Matthias Miller  1:07:30
I'm trying to think through the easiest way for us to see the clear roadmap. I mean, should we start marking up titles with status or something? The like income statement by classes, is that still a thing? And is that done? class needs to be completely really fun. I mean, okay. So here let me let me just do this lovely Okay, so this stuff should all be specked out I have no idea about development but as Showbie specked out most of its coded AP impact has some knotty design issues that need to talk talk through with Josh probably the AP scheduling is more things that require my design closing transactions This is FYI, nothing required plaid. I'm gonna table somewhat but could this is going to need to tie into AP that's required to do design. But it's mostly done except well actually. I mean, we go through this whole list I kind of feel like I mean, this is at the stage where the this project needs a project manager is what it really needs. I'm most probably even on both sides of the fence. But like plan for example, Dwayne needs to set up these accounts somebody needs to get in touch with Dwayne follow up with them and make sure those are actually happening. And then once then we can start pulling data into the system then we can start taking a deep look at automation to push them into vendor invoices etc transaction verification records design this one I believe is ready for coding market was Mark was happy with tools changes undeposited funds I think I don't even remember what changes those were they were very minor like minor like I don't remember either. Anyway, it doesn't matter. Sorry, clarifying tweaks to be less draconian I think AP for Josh. I don't even really know like this stuff has been so long since. Okay, I mean, here we're getting into territory, that's like, okay, budget reports. budget reports are going to be requires design, it's some kind of subset based off of building records to do income statements based off of, or something. I mean, it's its own thing, custom reports, not standard budgeting in the income statement, my class is going to be the same thing. It's not literal class. There's some potential desire for attending that requirement mapping. I'm not sure what some of these are probably doesn't matter, ACH payments, income statement Comparison Reports. Expense class allocator. Being able to, to split expenses based on I think, based on a vendor and either split up the expense by an arbitrary amount, arbitrary percentage percentage of sales or number of income transaction, I don't know requires a little bit more thought but automatic. Now, this is class allocator. Nevermind, class alligator, we said, is all automatic. So this, this is probably obsolete. And by the way, most of this stuff is not we've been working our way through and design. So we haven't been actively keeping this updated. I think this one probably is actually resulted in a lot of relevant daily inventory adjustments. I think this is actually handled automatic payroll integration. That's a really big question. I think you have to go with a payroll vendor. I suspect this is one of those. Are you crazy. That's why you pay Whitney to go do your payroll. But AP, I'm not sure what all this is. This is a no brainer. Potential bank automation for account reconciliation that ties into plaid, I think it's kind of just done. Sales tax. I think this is mostly recording, but I'm not sure if Josh might have some more thoughts. federal withholding taxes. Once again, I don't think that's critical for must have. But you need check printing, we need to get some layouts for that. Inbound deposits, financial reporting. And then there's a whole bunch of stuff. Once we get down into here, auditing functionality, they've not specified anything. Expense payment functionality record locator, they would like some kind of phone menu tie ins to pull out accounting information in some form or fashion. I think it's just report writing, but Josh might need to make changes to the phone menu or something. Income Tax Calculator, I don't see that as being a must have it now but might even just be export some information into a spreadsheet for now. But it's not been it's not been designed. Cash flow statement is something that they've been wanting, I think that's we we said let's not overlook Joel, Joel got signed off on the depreciation stuff, asset management. And now this isn't just court. And all this. So in my mind, one of the things on on marking my plate is for us independently to take a look at this work through try to get this thing cleaned up so that we've got a clean master list from here through the end of the project. And and then somebody needs to be designated to we need some way of keeping this up to date as far as where the project is going forward.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:39
Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:13:44
Do we have a sense of which of these pieces actually need to happen for a January 2024? Go Live? I'm going to suspect I mean, it's AP stuff. I'm gonna guess we won't plan based on the number of transactions we're doing. I'm gonna guess that? Well, I don't know. I mean, it is a fair question. I think this is what they said must be done. I think this stuff is the nice to have but does not not required for

Unknown Speaker  1:14:20
deployment.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:25
So how could we Okay.

Matthias Miller  1:14:35
Nick has literally maybe four days of working day and time left before he's that faith builders. Seth has a little bit more than that. He's got a week and a half maybe. I have Jonathan who's very bright but very junior. And I've got code crafters and I've got Joel. Joel with a fair bit on his plate. I'm the

Speaker 4  1:15:08
who can be programmed here up with you for project management?

Matthias Miller  1:15:18
Well, I guess the part of the question is, who's? It sounds to me like we're shifting most of the coding to Josh. Well, I don't know this this site or no? I don't know that. I don't know that answer either. It probably depends how complex it is. It's, it's most likely you were Josh, if it's if it's more generic it can go to through Joel to code grafters. I would see cashflows as being generic, but I'm not seeing a lot of other stuff that actually is that generic. The assets stuff might be generic enough to go or not as possible. It's possible. The income statement Comparison Reports, potentially. One's taken a stab at that. And but we didn't have all the tools that we do today. So it depends how well it's designed. Yeah, exactly. Right. So so we need developers and development capacity, and we need project management and we need design.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:35
Well, I have

Unknown Speaker  1:16:37
that we don't need how's that? Is there anything that we don't need?

Matthias Miller  1:16:43
ideas for what to do? Here? So I've been bringing Adrienne on some project management and other pieces. And I think the biggest challenge becomes this is a completely different method that let me put things into client proposals has a completely different methodology of project management. Sure, it doesn't it doesn't tie into. Okay, take one step back in my dream world, what would I want to have?

Unknown Speaker  1:17:20
I would want to have a

Matthias Miller  1:17:24
management system that has that allows clients to put their deployment specific projects and tasks into them, so that we can monitor what they're working on. As far as so we can get insight on what they're working on. As far as deployment and implementation. I would like them to be able to see the client facing side of change requests and where things are at. And ultimately be able to see an aggregate project view of here's the project plan. Here's the year where things are at this is what's in whose court and be able to manage the project that way. I mean, I totally agree. What others I mean, I think a Google spreadsheet or something like that, maybe about the, you know, managed by someone like Andre, maybe a good place to start at this point. gets any philosophical objection to putting together a click a dashboard for this stuff, or should it be Google sheet if people get login access to it?

Matthias Miller  1:18:36
I'm not eager to push. I mean, I would say let's do whatever we need to do for this long term. I'm not eager to be pushing into lots of other integration stuff. I mean, like I, but I'm not sure if I'm right or not, I don't care all what you do. But I'm not necessarily pushing I'm I mean, I'm not pushing for that. I think long term. The core culture here has been eaten dog food, and we're hitting some limitations on how well we can effectively manage these projects based on the tools that we have. And so if it's a question between a Google Sheet versus that, we can do a Google Google sheet if that's what it comes to, comes down to. I mean, if you tell me that makes it I mean, it makes a significant difference in you being able to manage it. I have no and you're managing it, I have no problem with you doing what you pick any software package you want. Okay, well, I mean, as far as I'm concerned. So, I mean, I think if, yeah, I mean, basically, I mean, one of the one of the reasons for for doing that. One is that there's a bit of consulting work that I'm doing that's outside of the software dev space. Yeah. And so rather than having Audra learn our system, our limited project management system plus the business going to suffering Going into tool set like that. And so yes, it would be very, it would be much easier for me to put something like that together and start managing the project from that angle. So will we get accounts? Or how does that work for us, then? Yeah, we would I think we would either get you accounts or get you. Or we would have a way to give you some kind of at least. If you want editability, you would be getting accounts. Yes. If it's if we don't need that ability than g of export options, either export, we're giving you a you're sure. Sure. The that I'm totally fine with that. I mean, I I'm far more concerned about dragging this project forward. If If Ben and Tim gets to start getting grumpy about zc about cch then that would make me sad, but I don't know that they're deeply involved here. If it's you and Audrey, I don't really care. And yeah, yeah, I think.

Matthias Miller  1:21:21
Yeah, I mean, okay. So just to play out scenarios, what happens is, when that happens, I think it comes down to well, we either tell them, sorry, like, that's just the way things are, or we tell them. That's why we eat our own dog food, so we can make it better. Let's start making let's devote some resources to making it better so that this actually does work. Well. Yeah. The one thing I would say here, that part of I mean, this is kind of a beast of a different nature in that word we are building while it's not designed, or I don't know if that's the right word. Because typically, what we do is we we build out an in depth design handed off to development, and then development disappears and makes things happen. And this is this is much more of a, you know, NASCAR style was changed the engine wall while we're going. So So I think that the level of project management required is is significantly higher. And so, in that sense, I kind of feel like it's a, I mean, let's just do what we need to do for this. And, and I think, too, in a lot of ways, the biggest thing you need is the kind of your foil your rubber duck, your counterpart, whatever you want to call it, where you have somebody to be working with. And so Andre can be helping provide that. I mean, she won't know that anything on the software side of things.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:50
But now what I'd be a little bit nervous about

Matthias Miller  1:22:53
is it this spec just becomes more and more. I mean, it feels to me like it's out of date right now. And if it keeps becoming more and more out of date, I'm thoughtful about that. Well, I think the only out of date thing. We perhaps what we should be doing is I think, I don't know. Just doing a few things like this.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:25
Sure. Yep.

Unknown Speaker  1:23:34
Oops, that's the wrong

Speaker 4  1:23:41
Yeah, yeah. Yep. Yep. Well, and maybe

Unknown Speaker  1:23:50
I think there's just like one

Matthias Miller  1:23:51
piece, there's one job of the finished goods that is left I'm not that I think Nick had emailed you about it's assigned to you right now. Otherwise, as far as I know, finished goods is done. And there is a one job that you and Seth are hoping to pair program at some point. I'm not sure. On the payroll side of things. Those are the two pieces I know of kind of from our side that may have Rick coordination with you somewhere. It's the accounting impact and a remote

Unknown Speaker  1:24:33
that sounds right. This guy?

Matthias Miller  1:24:43
Sure, sure. Um, Seth is in all this week, and then maybe on Monday, he's in on Monday, next week, maybe Tuesday, so and so, get it wrapped. Being a payroll mate is probably a high priority. So so how can we so we got project management that needs to happen. Josh, what kind of development capacity Do you have? Are there places you look at this and say, Oh, here's where I could contribute on the project?

Speaker 5  1:25:25
Yeah, I mean, I feel like I have capacity. I will say I have deer in the headlights look about this. Like I've never rarely had before. Like I, I truly had just precious the lady what's going on? So I would need someone to, like, explain, like, I'm five. Like, most of what's happening here. So, yeah, I'm really not sure what to do. Sure. Happy

Matthias Miller  1:25:52
to do Yeah, with is how easily can you hand pieces off to offer even coding development? I mean, something like this is in the spectrum of what the the context trash doesn't have is how he could have these reports elsewhere, although he could take a look and see how we did the other accounting impact reports. But this seems to be the kind of thing that's pretty discreet isolated, we can we could send it off for him. And I can answer your questions on a weekly basis or whatever as needed basis to.

Matthias Miller  1:26:33
Plaid plaid requires a bit of design I think. I don't know mapping of plaid vendors to contacts etc.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:52
You said you didn't work on that already.

Matthias Miller  1:26:54
Yeah, I've got the actual the actual plan integration is working. But it turns out that you need to do a security audit to get approved. So that's in Dwayne's court, they've done stuff with PCI compliance. So he doesn't think it's going to be a terrible thing to terribly huge issue. But I can tell you, I don't enforce my policies as strongly as I need to to look good on that. You need to be able to use plan integration, you need to have

Unknown Speaker  1:27:33
good policies. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:27:38
Unless you become a vendor, who does it, I mean, or you could be a vendor who does it for other people. And you can have a single vendor than be the, you know. Even if you're only using it for years, well, anyway, there's probably ways around it, but

Unknown Speaker  1:27:58
there's implications for students

Matthias Miller  1:28:03
was faithful is going to use Platt they're going to strike

Unknown Speaker  1:28:14
straight for the ACH

Matthias Miller  1:28:19
is the plaids running through stripe, that doesn't matter. I mean, one of the options would be

Matthias Miller  1:28:32
if if there's an entity, like if Josh would be the plaid provider, he could, by far, like he could more easily than anybody else, and forced enforce strict requirements over all of his employees, and systems, which he would want to anyway. But I don't know if he wants to. I mean, somebody somebody has to draft policies of some kind and various other things. It's, it's really, you know, let's go get Mark Bradford over here. And he could smile and wave and say the right things. Josh writes policies all day long, you know, and love this.

Unknown Speaker  1:29:15
One of the statements is true.

Matthias Miller  1:29:23
So basically, you don't do enough and you would like to increase your time. That's sort of what I'm hearing. That's rarely price policies, and he will wish he could, this might might be a reason when, you know, Chet GPT might be an acceptable, you know.

Speaker 5  1:29:45
So that's a huge potential risk, right? Like, some of it is we're pushing it off and Dwayne, but can we actually do that if we're, if we're hosting the code, we're running the code

Unknown Speaker  1:30:00
When we own the code,

Unknown Speaker  1:30:03
we own the code. And he doesn't.

Matthias Miller  1:30:06
Wait. So which entity ultimately needs PCI compliance? Or not PCI compliance? Plaid compliance?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:21
Don't know do like? Do I have any choice if it's on my servers?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:29
Now you can say we're gonna do flat.

Unknown Speaker  1:30:32
That's a choice.

Speaker 5  1:30:35
Well, I'm just like, if we, if we do this, is there any way that I can not get sucked up?

Matthias Miller  1:30:42
Well, okay, I guess one question is, what are you concerned about getting stuck up in? Is it if we have somebody else take you through the compliance process, and basically show you the finished sheet and say, Josh, like, you are using passwords and all your computers, right? Or whatever it is. And they write all the policies for you and say, Josh, could you please officially document this in your wiki or somewhere as your official policy on X, Y, and Z, if somebody else handed all this stuff to you on a silver platter with that?

Speaker 5  1:31:13
Notice what I'm saying is like, we could say Dwayne doesn't have to because he doesn't have access to stuff servers or like, we could maybe say that you do because you have the COVID. Is there any way that we can say I don't have to when it's running on my servers, and I have access to stuff?

Unknown Speaker  1:31:32
Ya really fair. I mean

Matthias Miller  1:31:44
where do they document what they expect from you? It's in the plaid dashboard. Okay. Obviously, we're gonna get pulled up


Transcribed by https://otter.ai