Matthias Miller  02:05
Work with us day hey yeah doing good how are you doing today I'm doing well

Matthias Miller  02:39
waiting for me to come on

Matthias Miller  03:11
we did check out Monday okay

Speaker 1  03:15
I was just beautiful 70 degree weather has changed almost overnight and we're down to four days and cold rainy

Matthias Miller  03:30
that's cooled off here a little bit. We've had it was still supposed to be pretty warm but it's get a little overcast today which is when Yeah, you've had just gorgeous weather lately so

Matthias Miller  03:55
spring fever for sure. Loving it

Matthias Miller  04:14
by the way, I did some looking into plaid. And

Matthias Miller  04:38
so they did say that they can support all of those integrations. They said they're able to. They have direct integrations and manual integrations. And so looks like the Ohio banks predominantly are the ones that we're going to need manual integrations with but then

Speaker 1  05:11
So what does that mean? If if we need manual integration?

Unknown Speaker  05:15
Well, I think we're

Unknown Speaker  05:18
on their side,

Matthias Miller  05:19
I think. I think so I'm trying to get some clarity from them on what that actually is.

Speaker 1  05:29
Now, which which is the Ohio banks like commercial and Savings Bank CSB.

Matthias Miller  05:34
Let me see she's, yeah, commercial savings. Yeah, CSB and park national. Now, whoo, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on, hang on. I know, backwards, farmers state bank in Indiana and flourish, which flourish? Is a is, is that a we can use flourish for something. It's more of an investment type thing.

Unknown Speaker  06:02
It is, and we can disregard that for for this what we're doing. It's basically like, yeah, that's bait. So farmers said the more secure place to store move funds from our primary taking into it.

Matthias Miller  06:25
Sure. Makes sense. Whatever. Yeah. Makes sense. About as far as truest is concerned, you know what the truest eBay checking is?

Unknown Speaker  06:39
I do not know. Okay.

Matthias Miller  06:43
So true as they support but she said she didn't let me she crossed out truce eBay checkout, which I don't even know what that actually is. So the other thing then as far as pricing? As far as I know, we're looking at a few dollars per connected. Yeah. Okay. So there's $1.50. Authorization, one time fee. To transfer in and out, sorry, the transaction, that's when we went once we get into running transactions are because there's going to be more fees. Like, like transferring, like, there's a 10 cent balance fee to calculate current balance, which is required right before you initiate payment. Looks like there's a few dollars for each verified account. one time fee, and then it's $30 per connected account for unlimited transaction polls. And if we have four accounts with one login, that's just considered one account, they send us transaction data two to four times a day. And will can can do a web hook whenever for imports as soon as soon as he got that data. So, I mean, it looks to me like it's going to be a few dollars a month

Speaker 1  08:33
to the US dollars a month for per account and if we you

Matthias Miller  08:38
know, 3030 cents. Oh, okay.

Speaker 1  08:47
So it's it's your researches or company? Like, couple dollars a month?

Matthias Miller  08:56
Yeah, maybe. Let's see.

Speaker 1  08:59
And what was the dollar 50 authorization that you mentioned early on?

Matthias Miller  09:07
Yeah, I'm not quite sure how this specifically works. But there's, I think there might be $1.50 to $3 for the first time you set up an account.

Speaker 1  09:16
Okay. And which which account? Is farmer state bank? The only one that not that they're saying to do mail integration? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  09:32
Well, the former state bank flourish in truest eBay checking. I mean, they have trust itself and trust eBay checking these things out, don't about

Speaker 1  09:45
I'd say, the pros off eBay taking and flourish for what we're doing and just focus on the others right now, so they do support Killbuck Kobach Savings Bank

Matthias Miller  10:06
commercial st now what that word national?

Speaker 1  10:12
You'll find out what that looks like the manual integration is that are you thinking it's something, they basically connect with that bank and connect to their API?

Matthias Miller  10:27
It's something like that, I think

Speaker 1  10:38
so there's so yeah, I mean, it's it sounds like nothing. I mean, there's there's nothing holding us back from continuing exactly how we were planning on Wednesday, right? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  10:57
Thanks. I don't think so.

Unknown Speaker  11:02
The How do they make their money? What does plaid do? Like? Are they part of not paying famous bills with that? Cause

Matthias Miller  11:17
I think their money is predominantly in your more enterprise clients. Where you've got Oh, something like an online bill pay platform and pay my bill now and it says we'll enter your what bank are you with? I'm with Killbuck savings and here's my username and password. And then you can initiate an ACH transfer out of that blue plaid. I'm gonna guess that's where most of their money is, you know, those types of

Speaker 1  11:54
$1 per transaction or whatever on those types of when they're on actual transactions.

Matthias Miller  12:04
Yeah, and I don't know exactly what that amount is. But yes, something like that. And most of their money is going to be on I'm gonna guess again that most of their money is going to be on a handful of enterprise accounts that run have special contracts with them that run large large numbers of transactions

Unknown Speaker  12:28
good yeah.

Speaker 1  12:33
And you'll be finding out on farmers state bank what that I mean, what you're seeing now is that you're not getting a no that we can integrate with exactly sure what that what that means.

Matthias Miller  12:49
Correct. I mean, she did say we can integrate with them it just requires a manual integration. So okay, so I'm going to sounds to me like it's a yes. I don't see any reason not to keep moving ahead. But I am wanting to push that forward. I think one of the next pieces would be to have I think we want a separate Plan account for each district because well, what hang on well, maybe. I mean, your truest Is there any bank that is used by multiple districts

Speaker 1  13:35
I was thinking truest may be used by Indiana and North Carolina, but I'm not that would be the only one

Matthias Miller  13:45
would that be a shared account or separate accounts with Troost?

Unknown Speaker  13:51
No, that's that's not the case. I know there are no accounts that are shared that I'm aware

Matthias Miller  14:00
of when I think no shared account, no shared accounts and when I think the cleanest would still be too many if there are no shared shared accounts shared if there are no shared No, nevermind. That's not a shared account but they both are with truest is that right

Unknown Speaker  14:26
No, not Not to my knowledge they're not I'm not aware of that. Using truest in Indiana.

Matthias Miller  14:35
Okay. So what we if if nobody's going to bank with the same bank, then we can have an under one plan account. Okay. But if if anybody ever has The same, the same bank, then we're gonna want to separate and I think it might even make more sense just to have them be separate accounts from the get go anyway, I don't really see a reason to make things more confusing.

Speaker 1  15:18
I would be inclined to think that would be the cleanest way as well.

Matthias Miller  15:23
So who would be the person? Who would be the person to set up those cloud accounts? And to connect those?

Speaker 1  15:33
What? So what type of information is there going to need? Like bank account? Obviously routing numbers. Yeah, and numbers for the companies or what what type of information?

Matthias Miller  15:47
Yeah, we're gonna need, I went through the process for courthouse. It's trade names, LLC name, or entity name, ein. address information for various address information, technical contact, email, admin email. And then for everything, but farmers, we're going to need the username, somebody's going to need to put in the username and password to connect it with the plant account. And that that will need to wait just a little bit, but we can still start getting the plan accounts themselves set up?

Speaker 1  16:35
The what works best for you? Do you want someone to actually you'll guide someone in plant and just have them go in and do this set up? Or do you want the information? And you you feed that information in the UK in information?

Matthias Miller  16:53
I don't mind keying in the well, what email address should it be?

Matthias Miller  17:05
In some ways that would actually be nice to have. Oh, what is the best way? Probably shouldn't record. Good. Okay, sorry.

Speaker 1  17:16
Off the top of my head, I was thinking we probably just get Whitney to do it. She has access to all of that information anyway. And have her do do all of that setup. But

Matthias Miller  17:34
one might suggest I'm happy with that, I'll need to get some. Once she has the account set up I'm going to need to pull some API keys from her from the account that I can instead of a phone call or something or Zoom call or something to grab, grab that.

Speaker 1  17:52
Okay, now, she is going to be because the tax deadline today she is going to be out from the 20th through the 24th That'd be the 25th Before she could do that. Is that early enough? Or I mean, she could potentially do some today or tomorrow but I think she's pretty packed trying to get okay.

Matthias Miller  18:16
It's fine. That's it does not impact me at all. And the they've got both test data and I'm getting courthouse setup as well so it can test on our data as well. So yeah, it's just we won't we just won't be able to pull live data and until that happens, but that's not a problem at all.

Speaker 1  18:40
So I'm wondering should I just reach out to her and ask her to Should we just set up a time with her by the 25th to 26 to explain explainer

Matthias Miller  18:59
I wonder if I could just send her an email with the basically with the instructions

Unknown Speaker  19:17
Yeah, let's I mean, yeah, let's just

Matthias Miller  19:27
go to start with that and then we need more than that instead of a call to answer questions

Matthias Miller  19:50
okay, so then one other question. So I guess then jumping into doing so you can't make it so what me

Matthias Miller  20:22
Okay, so then as far as the drink can't make it, so as far as the Okay, deviations, are you familiar with the labor intensive buildings?

Speaker 1  20:41
Well, I thought I was I looked at, at the outline there. And I thought the plan was I thought the only reason that we had put that in place was for some edge, one edge case that we had at that time where Josh was just going to hard code, certain buildings for this one builder to add $1.50 or $1.30, whatever, per square foot every time a building like that comes through. But it's it looks like it's more generic than than that just looking at the the outline. Yes. But so how is it intended to work? Or how is it? Miles can be manually adjusted until it blocks.

Matthias Miller  21:36
So the way it's intended to work is we have we would set up six rules. Said time storage, actually, we would set up 12 rules. Would we do 12? Rules? Thinking

Matthias Miller  22:03
let's just say?

Matthias Miller  22:20
I don't know three to six rules? I'm not sure exactly. I don't know if it even completely matters. And so we would we look at the building record and say, Is it a shutdown building? Is it this building series? And is it wholesale versus retail? Hang on. No the.

Unknown Speaker  22:54
Yeah.

Matthias Miller  23:05
And then And then based off of that, that would increase the pool for those buildings.

Speaker 1  23:25
Okay, now. So I'm sure it's not like that. But you're seeing almost like a series of if formulas in a spreadsheet, like if this building is is the builder shed time, if the building style is this, and if it's wholesale, then use this percentage if not use this percentage.

Matthias Miller  23:58
It's actually how you weight is. Yeah, quite like that.

Speaker 1  24:05
And so could we have so from or that concerns me most is that we have something that's manageable? I wish we wouldn't have to make it as complicated as this, but it's where we're at today. I mean, in. But it's the part that concerns me most is is how we will manage this. Are we going to have a table somewhat like I have here stored within payroll module somewhere where we can input each of these percentages or are all of these values going to be hard coded?

Matthias Miller  24:51
Well, we'll have a the way we built it is when we built it. We said we have no idea how we're going to come up with these late for intensive building costs. And so we just build it as basically a series of if formulas that we can apply.

Matthias Miller  25:25
Trying to remember this is a

Unknown Speaker  25:36
labor intensive buildings,

Speaker 1  25:42
because what I'm showing here is not the example I'm showing here is not extended, or images showing any example. It's not showing all of the variations.

Matthias Miller  25:51
Got it?

Speaker 1  25:54
Well, okay, all of the functional variations, but we'll have another, you know, build or that that's going to be 12% 12%. And then 16 and a half percent on the retail side, and another builder that might have all of the buildings one percentage except the clubhouse, which we're not even showing here.

Speaker 1  26:30
And am I understanding correctly that the way labor intensive billing adjustments works right now is, is looking at it, this will be an embedded embedded spreadsheet such as, and then you'll list the reason the left column, whatever they like, if it matches all this criteria, then adjusted by whatever the amount of the adjustment amount? Correct?

Speaker 1  27:02
And the adjustment amount would be how much it deviates from this standard.

Matthias Miller  27:09
Yes. And we can calculate it currently, it's it's a formula so it can be calculated by square foot or percentage of manufacturer price or retail or category calculate anything currently.

Unknown Speaker  27:32
Oh, you're saying the way the labor intensive building adjustments is set up?

Matthias Miller  27:38
As it is now? Yes. Now, so.

Unknown Speaker  27:44
No, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  27:46
We could I mean, if she did, time is doing away like sytem has a dog Kendall Square Foot price, dog, dog, kennel and cottage?

Matthias Miller  28:03
And, well, yeah, good.

Speaker 1  28:07
Here's what we did on our site went through an exercise of we said, Okay, we're, we've got enough edge cases we've gone, we're going enough different directions. Like, kind of came to light when you and I were at what we call it, like, we freeze the cost or whatever on cell builders, like the ones that the reconciliation doesn't affect those amounts. Like some builders, we know that when when they build the building, we pay 15% On Off the manufacturer price. And that, that's it, that's a fixed cost, that won't, won't change. And so we said, Well, the reality is we have all of these different variations on how we're paying, can we simplify and get it all down to one where everybody calculates off of the manufacturer price. And it's everything is based on a per, is manufacturer price times X percentage. And we've concluded that we can do that. And we think that's good for a number of reasons. Primarily so that builders see that manufacture price on the builder primary report and the weekly build sheet that's the number they see. And they can just look always look at that number and say if this is a cottage, then I know we're going to be paid X percentage of this as a storage server, then it will be paid this percentage and likewise, or builders are paying different percentages, whether it's depending on on the customer they can look at and say well, this is a retail customer so it paid 2% More but it's all calculated off of that main factor price that's that's that was our attempt to bring bring some was it due to all the different variations that we have going on a that that was one of the reasons and then the other reason was paying off of retail we came from that two years ago and we think that that's actually a bad idea a bit of that in North Carolina because your lumber spikes like it did in 2020 and your prices go up drastically. And overnight, you're paying your builders way more but then if it comes back bad it's all good and fine from a builders perspective on the way up but on the way down, it's your choice taking them along on that roller coaster. And we don't we don't want that we want to pay them based on their output and efficiency with of their output. So those are kind of the two reasons what are your thoughts on one taking everything back to a percentage of the manufacturer price?

Matthias Miller  31:20
I'm fine with that. So the so labor intensive building costs would go away and how do SDI buildings work with this

Speaker 1  31:40
well that okay, that those are the two parts that are so one is okay. You said SDI buildings one is identifying building style or type so in compass we're I mean we did mapping is maybe between the 85% accurate you know, if we look at all buildings right now compass buildings are called one thing they're called a cottage and if they're they're coming through assist and we're calling them bridge series with the defining thing is that they have an option of insulation and paneling Sure, but then we get into you know, like dog kennels and and so, I think one of the hardest things is going to be identifying Biola of building

Matthias Miller  32:51
so, and then the others okay keep going with your questions I know you keep you keep going. The other is defining customer the customer type seems to me that should be easier than then billing style

Speaker 1  33:28
that we're basically seeing need to identify whether this is a retail customer or a wholesale customer and wholesale meaning sheds raked or red structures or outdoor products or whatever. And I believe Dwayne and I looked at it briefly the other day I believe Wholesale is well without question all all FDA buildings would be wholesale But then we're also defining wholesale buildings wholesale customers somewhere in the sales order process because that's how I think that's how we're showing a wholesale discount of 30%.

Unknown Speaker  34:22
So

Matthias Miller  34:41
okay, so on

Matthias Miller  35:09
It seems to noon let's see. Okay, so if you pull it the sales order

Matthias Miller  35:36
All right, so we do have building

Matthias Miller  36:01
sounds a little weird we're doing it's a dog kennel, and it has insulation and paneling. I'm not sure for CES buildings for endeavour district X buildings. Not sure if that's what it's supposed to be or not.

Matthias Miller  36:53
Okay, so are those the only? What about Designer Series?

Speaker 1  37:04
While currently we're paying those all the same, but that's yeah, I did not list all the building types or styles here? And I'm not sure that's what makes me nervous is. So what if we add a new building style? Like do we have to go through and how will we maintain it?

Matthias Miller  37:25
Question?

Unknown Speaker  37:36
I'm open to I mean, is there a better way to manage this all these variations then? The way I'm thinking about it?

Matthias Miller  37:51
Well, we could say that out of the gate. You know, here's the default. Since this is specifying it for storage series, we say that, you know, for any building starts at 8.8 and 12%, for set time. And then if it is a cottage, then either we override that percentage, the 11.8 11.6 probably would make no sense and only specify the overrides. And then for things like cherrystone, were good.

Speaker 1  38:31
It could because again, like for Ohio, all built for Ohio, it's

Speaker 1  38:42
7.7, or whatever, 8% or 7.5%, or whatever the percentage is, let's say 8% across the board for all buildings, and that's the I like your idea of of a default. So by default, so your you enter your percentage and by default, every building that's built by that builder, and every building style, and then also every customer is just 8% unless that's the default unless it's noted differently.

Matthias Miller  39:19
I would probably say we'd still have two numbers as default that wholesale and the retail retail okay.

Matthias Miller  39:34
And then I would send what I would need from you then I think is for every builder. What is the probably be fair just to make it be comprehensive. But what is the default rate for wholesale and retail and what is the what are the exceptions? And then and then once we've got that, then we need to figure out how do we Determine what those exceptions are. And you and I need to work through pricing rules to through rules. And we can put together a report or something to say, Well, this one falls into this category, this one falls into that category. And here's how we know. And we can cross check that stuff and make sure it's coming out. Right. And I think that in that case, probably what we should do, we can I'm not sure exactly what this is going to take on. I am pretty optimistic. Let's see.

Matthias Miller  40:40
I kind of wonder then if we keep the same labor intensive mapping in place. But we

Matthias Miller  41:00
yeah, we keep the same labor intensive mapping in place, but we add new tables to the builder, and just do lookups. for that. So it kind of gives us It limits how much we need to rework. It is some complexity that we're keeping around possibly unnecessarily except we're gonna want to know the percentage, like to think that through if we, if we believe, Well, nevermind. Okay, ideal solution. On the billing record, we say what percentage of the manufacturer price goes to the builder? And that gets calculated based off of current settings on the bill on the from the builder?

Speaker 1  41:50
So in these settings, are those sets? On the builder level? Yes. Are they said here in? Okay, so there's no exceptions, then do nothing. But then if there is one exception, or five, or 10, or whatever, then those are all calculated, or those are all stored on the builder record.

Unknown Speaker  42:17
Whenever a builder goes to build a building, it says, fall into any of these match any of these rules? And if so, then use this percentage.

Matthias Miller  42:29
Yes. So so just to be clear, we would have district level defaults. Is that what you're thinking?

Speaker 1  42:39
No, I would do everything filled our level. Yeah. Unless there's a reason to keep to keep a district level but it's I just send you a breakdown of of what's happened the day, I don't know if it would be helpful to go through that and just explain we've simplified some of those things, but this would give you a very good idea of, of the amount of deviations, deviations whatever that we're going to have.

Matthias Miller  43:10
Okay, I'm, I'm a little bit of a I'm going a little bit of a time constraint today. But I think I see this basically makes sense the main other remaining question would be as far as FTI numbers we would be adjusting the labor cost for FDI we would be setting the labor cost for FDI based on this number is that right?

Speaker 1  43:40
Correct. That was yeah you're dead on and then we would still have you know some builders we say well this is a fixed it what you determine you use it but you use fixed cost or you freeze the cost and others that that would stay intact yeah

Unknown Speaker  43:57
sure. Okay

Matthias Miller  44:02
well I think so what is the

Matthias Miller  44:16
so we have some sizing changes

Speaker 1  44:23
well okay the sizing that that went away that this was this is either what we're doing today or what we're we'd like to do and then we said all we need to rethink this I think we're getting too crazy here so the sizing goes away.

Matthias Miller  44:40
So we need to be able to identify storage series chicken coops dog kennels.

Unknown Speaker  44:48
Lay houses are clubhouses

Matthias Miller  44:50
clean houses. Okay? Yeah. Okay, so, next steps are Coming up with the rules to make sure that we identify all of those correctly, whether coming from District actors or sheds direct and there is actually a style that's coming in at least sometimes from SDI. Maybe not always. Maybe this one

Speaker 1  45:23
you're seeing on the I mean, maybe maybe we should try harder to do the mapping or maybe we should clean up the mapping and just have one to simplify that they have a pretty narrow standardized selection of buildings if you think that would be

Matthias Miller  45:43
well, I mean, all that we really need to do is we need to identify what is the cottage what's what's a kennel? kennel chicken coop or clubhouse? I mean, it's and then everything else just falls into the default and I think that's going to be really easy to do and I think we maybe come up with

Matthias Miller  46:54
Okay, well I'm

Matthias Miller  47:01
looking, I'm trying to find one last thing yet here. Labor intensive buildings expression. Not sure why these aren't tied out to your intensive reasons.

Matthias Miller  47:44
Think what we have?

Matthias Miller  47:56
Let me sit on this for a little bit. I think it's I think it's pretty clear. It's, it's pretty clear what the end game is here. In my mind, so I'm pretty comfortable probably need some changes. For FGI itself, or need at least leave an open door for this for FTA.

Matthias Miller  48:25
And let me noodle a little bit on what the how we want to model this in the back end.

Speaker 1  48:34
Okay. So it sounds like this is is quite doable. You'll come back with next steps is you'll you'll come back with a few thoughts on how to proceed. Possibly some more questions. Or?

Matthias Miller  48:59
Yep. So

Speaker 1  49:02
what I'm hearing is, what I'd be curious to see then, and maybe, at some point is that we're going to get to a point down the road where we're going to say, Well, okay, what is the logic we're using to pay those bills? And we're all gonna scratch our heads and say, we're not sure anymore. We're not sure. Are we paying more only for chicken coops or is also for playhouses, then what I'd be interested in seeing is, is what type of bet at spreadsheet table you're going to have that that's listed in detail, which my understanding is that that's what more or less what you're going to have is is that of a table with a set of rules that says if it meets this criteria, then is this percentage If it meets this criteria, then use this percentage. Yes.

Matthias Miller  50:03
So here's, here's basically what I'm thinking. On each builder, we have an embedded spreadsheet with three with three columns, category, retail and wholesale percentages. And category is either blank with a default, or its. Which would be storage series, or its cottage, and dog kennel chicken coop, or clubhouse. And then we can give you a report that shows you all of those are all the builders. And and then we would need and then the big question is really how the tie in works into the rest of the system. Which but but I think that's, that's the basic, probably on the building record, we then have a builder percentage field. So when you assign the builder, we look if there's a sales order, if there is look at the retail value, Calculate, calculate that. and stamp it in. And then there's the part that I'm questioning a little bit how we want to do is the wiring between the embedded spreadsheet and the building record. Do we want to use the Yeah, which which approach do we want to use? But that's or how does how does that wiring specifically work? And

Speaker 1  51:34
that's not one one thing to clarify, you said, if there is a sales right, go look at the retail value. What what we're seeing is, is last spreadsheet a spreadsheet I sent to you we're looking at retail value, but we're saying no, no, we're not. We're willing to we're wanting to switch to being manufacturer price on everything we just look at. Where's this building? Going? If it's a retail building, then we're going to pay the customer we're going to pay the builder 19%. On off of manufacturer price, and if it's a wholesale building, we'll pay 15% off of manufacturer price.

Matthias Miller  52:15
Right? No, not the right. Is it? Is it retail? Versus is it not? Not? The Yeah,

Speaker 1  52:23
yeah, perfect. Yeah. And so what am I corrected? What this would let us do is if if, you know this is a crazy example, but in the future we'd say for whatever reason, the for this one builder whenever there whenever we put down locks guard floor, any building that has locks guard floor, the only way he'll force him into doing locks guard flooring is if he does, if we pay him 2% More any building with locks guard, we could, we could do that with this approach, that could be a very narrow minded exemption or a very narrow, whatever a detailed exemption, right? This would allow us to do that.

Matthias Miller  53:10
If we would then say, What I'm thinking is that every building falls into one category. And so you would basically have, in addition to all the other categories, you could have a Lex guard. You know, this is a Lex guard building override. So you would have you would have some control over that mean, you wouldn't have full 100% control. But if if you're able to isolate those buildings into one category into a single category, then yes, you could do that.

Speaker 1  53:50
Got it, what you're doing is building is always in one category, the way I was thinking is wouldn't really work because then if it's a 2%, and it's 2% more than what is it? Is it a cottage we're already you could have a combination of I think I follow it where we're going with that. So

Matthias Miller  54:15
I mean, in your case, you'd say you pay him 15.5% or whatever the number is.

Matthias Miller  54:24
So

Speaker 1  54:26
you have what you need, right? And so next step is is put something together and be really review and sure we have everything covered. Yep. And is that so I know we'd said no. What we'll skip all of our meetings until at least for the end of the month. be focusing on plan and we still do this with this or Is this something that we need to keep moving forward with in order to have the finished goods inventory work that we're doing later this month I believe

Matthias Miller  55:18
my vote would be that as we do finish Tory

Matthias Miller  55:32
keep right open with but we already have some breaking up if I hadn't was Nick I think it would. Yeah, I'm gonna need a I'm gonna need a drop drop off here that's you might be might be losing me a little bit here. The the bottom line is I think we should we'll keep this in mind as we're doing finished goods but we should plan to circle back around and and and fix up finished goods to people labor pricing after after next week

Speaker 1  56:16
that you said do this after next week after Are you focusing focusing on finished goods inventory next week?

Matthias Miller  56:24
Yes, we are.

Speaker 1  56:27
Okay, you said focus on that and then circle around on this after after that.

Matthias Miller  56:32
Yes. Okay, got it good,

Speaker 1  56:39
sounds good here. All my notes, keep it on the radar and then circle back around. That would be to be reviewed as planned for May first Ghana Monday.

Unknown Speaker  57:35
Losing your I'll shoot an email


Transcribed by https://otter.ai