Unknown Speaker  00:48
Howdy, howdy,

Matthias Miller  00:51
where's this? Good morning. Hey. DREW You.

Matthias Miller  01:09
There we go. There we go. I'm trying to figure out how to make so that the video is on by default and I can't figure out how to do it. Maybe I can't do it while I'm in the meeting, and that's maybe what it is. Let me see if, see if he's awake. I

Speaker 1  01:47
When? When was the last meeting that we had? Was it January? Is

Matthias Miller  01:52
that what it was? I don't know. It's

Unknown Speaker  01:54
you said we had what one since? Well, I'm thinking

Speaker 2  01:57
we had one since the beginning of the year, but I don't know. I think maybe it was February, beginning of February somewhere.

Matthias Miller  02:04
Let me see. I've got one, one in January, 23 well, okay, I had three in January. I have three in my calendar for January, one in February, one in March. But I don't know if that's I don't know if we actually did all of those.

Unknown Speaker  02:23
Yeah, they might have

Matthias Miller  02:25
just hung out for a while.

Unknown Speaker  02:28
Dwayne, how many sets of AI notes do you have?

Speaker 3  02:40
I don't think, I don't think my fireflies is recording, so I don't think I have any. Oh, okay, yeah. When you look

Matthias Miller  02:55
for subject lines with meeting agenda, January 16 was the last one, last time you got one from now they don't always have that subject line, but he says, I was making jokes to them about you not being awake, but that probably wasn't a fair joke. So no,

Speaker 4  03:15
I've been awake for a while. I just wasn't moving too slowly. So it's all good. It's all good. It's partially the coffee makers fault. It took me too long to make

Speaker 3  03:29
when you get that fixed, could you ring me one I need a cup of coffee.

Unknown Speaker  03:33
Okay, I'll be there in 20 hours. This might be a little bit cold by then.

Unknown Speaker  03:40
Email it over, it'll be good, okay, okay,

Speaker 1  03:46
there needs to be a way to move physical goods at the speed of information, or at least like there's still that big gap there.

Speaker 3  03:58
You figure that one out mark, and you will be an extremely wealthy man. I think,

Matthias Miller  04:04
fundamentally, the easiest way to do this is to have some way that you can reduce, reduce objects to the most elemental properties, and just be able to, you know, encode objects and say, well, coffee requires this much of this kind of molecule and this much of that kind of molecule. It's pretty far fetched to even suggest something like that. So next science fiction novel, maybe, I

Speaker 2  04:32
think I'll just go with personal drones first. That's

Matthias Miller  04:36
probably the best, I don't know. We could also put a also put a coffee cup on a surface to air missile or something,

Speaker 4  04:47
maybe that would keep it warm. That might keep it warm.

Unknown Speaker  04:55
Yeah. Well, I. So what is it? How long has it been? Matthias, your dad passed away.

Matthias Miller  05:08
Oh, it's been Seth, you probably are two weeks, three weeks.

Unknown Speaker  05:16
It's two weeks. Well, two and a half. Three on Saturday

Matthias Miller  05:21
three on Saturdays

Speaker 1  05:25
to you on that?

Unknown Speaker  05:30
Yeah, thank you.

Speaker 1  05:33
How's your mom is? She still like, her health is pretty good.

Matthias Miller  05:39
Yeah, her health is is pretty good. She got hit with the virus over the last couple weeks or so, so that's really kind of taken her out. She's had a few heart heart issues here and there, but she's in and looking to get a knee replacement scheduled. So so when you add all that stuff up, yeah, there's stuff, stuff definitely going on, but, but she's in, yeah, she's always been a very independent, determined, upbeat kind of person and and that that keeps shining through. So I don't think she's always, I think the people, the siblings that are my siblings, who were there, kind of see the truth sometimes. And I don't think she's always quite fully discloses the extent of everything, but optimism is a gift, too. So, but yeah, she's doing. She's doing well.

Speaker 1  06:38
Does she still live on her own, or does she Yeah. Okay. So

Matthias Miller  06:42
my, my oldest brother lives like two houses down, and Seth and tribe Ellis is about a mile down the road. So they're, they're well supported. So yeah, my, my nephew goes over there about every day, and one of his, one of his jobs, is to change the water in the bird bath every day to keep, keep, yeah, it's little things. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  07:13
good. Well,

Speaker 1  07:19
I didn't put a lot of things on the agenda, I would it was wonderful. Wanted to see if we could do cover a few of the second quarter projects today and then just do another meeting, um, next week to 17. And if you guys are okay with it, I'd say, let's just kind of go week to week on these meetings, like, do we need to?

Speaker 1  07:47
Okay, then we'll plan for the 17 same time. So unless you have something else you want to look at first Matthias, I think we'll just look at the second quarter projects that we voted to do, sounds good. I have three. Think I have three of them here now that the first one that improvements on reports, there's going to be we'll keep adding to that. So this first one is really basic, but what would it take to change the search function, to ignore the comma, like when we're looking for numbers, it's kind of obnoxious, or, I mean, it's, it's okay, but it's

Matthias Miller  08:41
so it's, that's a platform change, and I think it's, I mean, I think it's very reasonable. I think there, there. So by by default, what's going to happen is it gets thrown into into the platform queue and gets decided with everything else that you're up against you're up against the banks, figure out what gets done. I don't know what this particular one, there is a possibility with some of these that that we could get you get sign off on it, for for Seth, to do, or something like that. But this is outside of, am I right? Seth, this would be outside of your jurisdiction. Yeah, yeah. So, so that that also, so I would actually say I would be inclined to tell you to take this to Josh, because this is, yeah, he owns that part of the platform. And he'll tell you, yeah, give it to you straight.

Unknown Speaker  09:56
Yeah. Good. So the.

Speaker 1  10:00
So the next one, kind of the main one, is the notch files, which we want to split up into two pieces. I created a child project for this, but I think it's pretty basic. We've talked about this. So put an export for all ACH payments to be uploaded to bank portal, and mark all the invoices being paid by ACH. Part of that mechanism, should we start process with only one bank? Which bank should be used?

Matthias Miller  10:29
So, so I don't, I don't think I care whether it's one bank. I think that's a question for you. In my mind. Here, let me go pull this up in 630

Unknown Speaker  10:48
you'll develop it, and then we can use it for one or three banks. Or,

Matthias Miller  10:55
I would think so. I would think so. I mean, I do agree it probably makes sense to to test it on, I don't know, pick the bank with the best customer service or, I don't know but, but I don't, I don't know that from a development I mean, from a development standpoint, it doesn't make any difference. So here's my proposal on the financial account you have for certain types, I don't know exactly Chart of Accounts. I'm not I don't even really remember

Unknown Speaker  11:31
you account.

Matthias Miller  11:38
You might just have something like originating bank. I

Matthias Miller  12:00
uh, bank name. I think it's going to be something like bank name, routing number, count number, and then on the customer record or the vendor record, you would have a, well, we already have some of this information, don't we? For some folks, we

Speaker 2  12:25
have the ACH for that was connected with a check gateway payments. Is

Unknown Speaker  12:33
there one day? Stop. I

Unknown Speaker  12:45
um, so down

Matthias Miller  12:47
a stage transfers, yeah, routing number and account type. I mean, we could just, I would probably suggest Rename to ACH slash. Well, you're going to want to clarify, though, whether you would tend to normally pay them through ACH or NACHA, right?

Speaker 1  13:05
Well, are we going to have both, like on the other side of this? Will we? Are we do not show, oh,

Speaker 2  13:13
I mean, so what I've been doing is we have a payment type called E payments for when we manually created at the bank to be paid. It's still paid by Ach, but it's, it's just nothing is happening automatic. It just means I'm manually paying this without writing a check, but it's coming out of the bank account. So this ACH that we currently have, I don't know that we're ever planning to use that. Are we? I mean it's, I mean, so, so we're hijacks not a thing anymore. So, okay,

Matthias Miller  13:48
destination,

Speaker 1  13:49
I think you still could, but we could. Okay, we're keeping there.

Matthias Miller  13:56
That's it, right? Are

Speaker 1  13:58
you saying I check we can't even pay. We couldn't even pay ACH with it. Well,

Unknown Speaker  14:02
we could, but we don't, yeah,

Speaker 1  14:05
so, so after this is all done, the only payment option we're going to have is the ACH the notch files, right? Yes,

Speaker 2  14:16
I mean, where any functionality actually happens.

Speaker 1  14:20
Okay. Do you still need the the E payment?

Speaker 2  14:24
I would want it just for, you know, like, if Union Grove lumber takes their own payment, you know, they're set up to where they can just pull it if they want. So, like, something like that. We need something, some way of identifying that.

Speaker 1  14:42
Or, if you would, you also use it if you make a one time payment, possibly like or, yeah, if it's you

Speaker 2  14:48
might, if it's some company that we don't, you know, yeah, everything.

Speaker 1  14:52
So payment types. Once this is all done, you want ACH and E payment, right? I think so.

Matthias Miller  15:01
Hmm, so this would be so use ACH payments. Okay, so do you want to and then, and then? So this, this replaces, I check a check gateway.

Unknown Speaker  15:15
Yeah, I would think so.

Matthias Miller  15:19
Alright, so we have priority code, routing number of Ach, the destination, routing code, already. Routing number exists. Account number exists, origin, IQ, routing number, receiving bank name,

Unknown Speaker  15:48
which is new

Matthias Miller  15:50
originator, okay, what originator name do you want to use, and what or do you want that on the financial account to specify what the how you want the originating name to show. Or do you want that? Or can we use, or could we just do this company name? Yeah, however much, however much of it, we can

Unknown Speaker  16:21
originators name that's 23 characters. So just for,

Matthias Miller  16:26
just for clarity sake, because we love, love, love, getting in the weeds actually

Matthias Miller  16:37
looks like everybody's gonna be okay. So cool.

Matthias Miller  16:45
I think. Why does this batch record Hang on. Let me make sure. Originators, name, debits, credits, Max, record type. Let's see. We need to talk about reference number, company identification,

Matthias Miller  17:21
entry code, description,

Unknown Speaker  17:27
descriptive date, optional

Unknown Speaker  17:40
patch number

Matthias Miller  17:44
of the originators record type fives. Okay, so that's

Matthias Miller  17:57
individual ID number. You're going to use this to pay employee. Employees? I

Unknown Speaker  18:11
don't know if we need that.

Speaker 1  18:13
Probably not, but this wouldn't make sense at some point to pay do payroll. Well, I didn't thought about this, but would it make sense to, probably not to use this to pay to do payroll?

Matthias Miller  18:32
What? What? Wouldn't it?

Speaker 2  18:35
I mean, it could what she's doing is going to be automatic. Well, no QuickBooks. She's she's going to the bank. She

Speaker 1  18:42
is, I mean, rather than, I'm thinking, rather than, wow, but okay, we still have to back the withholdings and all of that into assist. So it probably wouldn't make that much.

Speaker 2  18:56
You'd have to, you'd have to back feed all that, if there would be a way of creating an invoice or a thing to pay from your uploads, because we know the amount that is supposed to be on your transaction uploads that we get from her, and she's just copying that into the bank portal to,

Speaker 1  19:22
I mean, if, if this is, unless this is something that would be difficult to do later, I let's

Matthias Miller  19:29
not worry about it. Now, no, it's not. I mean, it's no more difficult later than it is now.

Unknown Speaker  19:37
Do you 27 project? Do you want to put that down.

Unknown Speaker  19:48
YouTube, Gabe

Speaker 1  19:52
said there was a guy that they knew from done, yes, look, I think he did for lows or heart. I. Uh, some big company, and his job was to do was like 20 or 25 year forecast with a company like predictions. He said, nobody ever really knows if you right or wrong

Unknown Speaker  20:18
or, I mean, it's nobody's like company long enough to find out

Unknown Speaker  20:21
it was kind of crazy.

Matthias Miller  20:25
What do you do for living? I make up stuff and make people believe it. Are you in sales? No financial projections. Sorry, that's a pot shot. So actually what I believe about sales anyway. The Okay, do you want any what kind of linking So these, these would only be, obviously, these are just from vendor invoices, right? Yeah. So do you guys want? Do you Do you want the come on vendor invoices showing the wrong thing, like, do you want this ID here on the transaction?

Unknown Speaker  21:18
Um, is that one. What

Speaker 2  21:20
do you Yeah, is there? These usually don't allow for just too many digits,

Matthias Miller  21:26
yeah, let me see

Speaker 2  21:29
if there's enough digits. It would be nice to have just a little bit of the name

Matthias Miller  21:35
of the vendor name, yeah. Well, we could do, I mean, we could just do,

Speaker 2  21:42
this is our description right for us. This is not a description that goes along where they see the

Matthias Miller  21:49
Well, no, it would, well, I don't know whether they see it or not. We're submitting it in the not sure file, so I'm assuming there's a possibility that they could,

Speaker 2  22:00
yeah, well, I think the entry shows up on our record, oh,

Matthias Miller  22:05
like on

Unknown Speaker  22:07
our bank. Yeah, I think that's what it is

Matthias Miller  22:09
that makes sense. You don't want, just,

Speaker 1  22:11
ideally, you don't want, when you reconcile, like, just, like, what is it called? Like, true, it's just says, Ach, payment, right, right, but

Matthias Miller  22:21
wouldn't, wouldn't your descriptive data also have the the recipient, company, entry, descriptive date, vendor, invoice number, plus space plus as much of the vendor name as possible. I mean, we can just do that. Yeah, and then the company original name. We also have the, what do you want to use for the individual ID number? Like, I don't know that we have to put anything in.

Unknown Speaker  22:59
Is there a system number for the vendors.

Matthias Miller  23:03
We could do it. Yeah, we could do something like, do we have, we don't have detail links or contacts yet? Do we Seth, I'm not sure. No, I don't think so.

Speaker 2  23:22
Yeah, mean, I don't think we want to do a social security number or something like that, right?

Unknown Speaker  23:28
Or we see this,

Speaker 2  23:32
Hey, you still don't have anything. I mean, I'm hoping just if you pull a report of ACH payments,

Speaker 1  23:40
oh, in NSS within accounting, like,

Speaker 2  23:44
if you went to the bank and found your file, ACH reports, it would show there. But I kind of doubt that it would show on the statement. I'm going to kind of hope that it wouldn't show on the statement, especially not if they're thinking social security number.

Speaker 1  24:00
Oh, yeah. So the description is what we have, what we'll show on the statement.

Unknown Speaker  24:05
I think so.

Matthias Miller  24:12
Okay, well, let's, let's,

Unknown Speaker  24:15
I mean, unless that's talking about

Unknown Speaker  24:18
the painting company.

Matthias Miller  24:21
That's the originating that's the originating company, I'm pretty sure.

Unknown Speaker  24:24
Oh, the company description,

Matthias Miller  24:28
yeah, well, it's, it's the description, the originators description. So the company name, the entry, company entry. I think this actually,

Unknown Speaker  24:39
is that supposed to say, like affordable barn?

Matthias Miller  24:43
No, we have a separate place for that.

Speaker 1  24:49
So just for the example, if affordable is paying code house with ACH do. The company entry description would say something like whatever the invoice number 123, the space and then code house or whatever, however many characters it can fit in there is that,

Matthias Miller  25:12
yeah, but it's only 10 characters for this one. So that's not all right, well, I think, I think maybe, I think maybe this, I mean, I think, Well, okay, what about the tax ID? Let's ask about that yet. There's also company discretionary data, that's a batch. No, that's on the batch.

Unknown Speaker  25:48
Where would the tax ID show?

Matthias Miller  25:51
This is on the it's on a header record for the batch.

Speaker 1  25:58
Oh, so that would be like affordable or shed times, company ID or tax ID. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  26:04
think so. So my thought is maybe just adding, I'm guessing that's necessary,

Matthias Miller  26:16
but I would, I would also expect that that's coming from, okay, also the the entry date are you guys going to on the vendor invoice? So if we have, if we're paying our aunt Ruby,

Unknown Speaker  26:46
if it's you paying her peanut,

Matthias Miller  26:49
it looks like, well, I saw a different charge. I saw the 479 which is just a tax so,

Unknown Speaker  26:57
so ball from North Carolina, says they have the best penis that. So he, if he says that he probably did the research already.

Matthias Miller  27:14
He is the collector of of where to go for some of these types of things.

Unknown Speaker  27:20
He is the nuts

Matthias Miller  27:26
squirrel. So here, if we do payment date, like, how do we how do you want to handle future payments? I mean, presumably we would just use the pay, whatever payment date is in there, and it's specified, would we just pay today? I'd say, or do you guys ever want to do future payment? I mean, I'm assuming you want to. Or, no, no. That gets weird to try.

Unknown Speaker  28:07
Why would, why would we do future payments?

Speaker 2  28:11
I mean, if it's a recurring payment that we're trying to set up, we just go to the bank and do it there. Everything, right? So I would say, just make it today, okay, on default. I mean, I guess we could do editable. There's two buttons. We can edit it on the on the download, I suppose if we want to, unless we want to give that anything option.

Matthias Miller  28:40
I consider that okay, I think, but I think we're good enough on this. Oops, vendor invoices.

Speaker 2  29:00
I pull up CSBs, ACH thing, and what they call entry description is what shows on the statement, okay, and there's also discretionary data, and that might show up on the description, but it's more like what we call this kind of batch like, it's not really, it's not the batch name, but it's the what group of batches This is, or something like that.

Matthias Miller  29:34
So for and for us, right? Right, right. Company entry description, this really sorry. Yeah, you are absolutely right. This should actually be something more like,

Matthias Miller  29:58
well, the invoices.

Matthias Miller  30:05
Yes, or do you want to fill it in on your batch?

Unknown Speaker  30:07
On the entry description,

Matthias Miller  30:10
this is on the entry description on the batch,

Speaker 2  30:15
okay, yeah, it should probably be something like, yeah, accounts payable or something, or Yeah, invoices, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  30:34
Is there a better abbreviation for account payable? We need to take two letters out either the space or the abbreviate payable. I don't even know how

Unknown Speaker  30:45
you would work too.

Unknown Speaker  30:50
Yep. All right, let's just do that.

Matthias Miller  30:56
But then there isn't on the entry we have. We don't have, okay, no on the optional the end of guy. We only have two characters for discretionary data on the we have the individual ID number. We could put the vendor. That's not, probably not right, but we could Put the vendor. We

Matthias Miller  31:35
here, it related, oh hang

Matthias Miller  31:47
so payment related so we can do an addendum with payment related information. I

Matthias Miller  32:03
uh, maybe, but customers can't see it. Or we could put it in the individual identification number, which gives us 15 characters. So I think that's probably what we should do.

Unknown Speaker  32:18
Put it in there. Sometimes shows

Matthias Miller  32:20
on the bank statement, but it's not guaranteed.

Unknown Speaker  32:27
Well, are these?

Speaker 2  32:31
Are these fields that you are hardwiring the like the information that it's pulling in.

Matthias Miller  32:43
I Yes. I mean, I planning to, you don't want to, you don't want to go touch up the notch file every time you're trying to generate something,

Speaker 2  32:51
right, right? I was just thinking, you know, if we, if we set it, if we get, if we use it, and then it's like, oh, that's not in the field. We want it in how much work is to say, actually, we need this field to give the information that we're showing in the field. So and So instead, that'll

Matthias Miller  33:10
be fine. Okay,

Matthias Miller  33:19
so things showing up on the company name, what was likely entry description in the batch, header,

Matthias Miller  33:35
individual ID. Id apparently rarely shows that may appear, but it's inconsistent individual name or center name, maybe. So really, I mean, the only other other way to do it, which is weird, is we could do a one batch per invoice. I

Unknown Speaker  34:03
you probably don't want to do, I

Matthias Miller  34:05
mean, your world,

Speaker 2  34:08
yeah, like so well, we need to do it however. This thing is going to create records. So if we, if we say, Okay, we got we got 10 companies or 10 vendor invoices that we want to pay, and if we throw them all in the same batch, then the bank will give us one total sum on the statement. And if you don't record that payment that way, then we're gonna have a real it's just a pain.

Matthias Miller  34:38
So you do actually want separate batches?

Speaker 2  34:43
Well, either separate batches, or if you could make these, make a record like a check. I mean, these would just be not your payment records, that would just function, kind of like a check. This, this not your payment. Pay. Indeed, 10 invoices, and

Matthias Miller  35:02
then you could export them as a file.

Speaker 2  35:05
Yeah, like to me, that would actually be a lot nicer than doing individuals, because there's just so many less numbers to hunt through, but we need to create that record and assist that as well.

Matthias Miller  35:18
Okay, so let me, let me make sure that each, each specific, each specific vendor invoice generates a notch a record, or not a batch record, and we have but for your for the sake of your statements, but then if you have a notch a batch record, you don't care whether you've got 1010, items lumped together, right? Well, that was drew this is I should just pay you to take my place.

Unknown Speaker  35:50
No, I don't think

Matthias Miller  35:53
so. That's, that's, that's the best idea I've had all day.

Matthias Miller  36:02
Yeah, then it's a simple export of that. And then we can lump payments together, uh, brilliant. And then you can see what gets sent, yeah. And if we really, really have to, we probably won't allow interactive editing, but, but we could then if, if needed to, so then you'll pay it, and then you have to go into a separate notch place to go find the NACHA batch and export the NACHA Nacho batch. I mean,

Speaker 2  36:27
it could kind of just be like our, our recently, recently paid invoice thing you would find, you would find that right. Find it there, all right?

Matthias Miller  36:46
I like it. I'm happy. We'll

Speaker 1  36:50
go to it so drew just walk me through what I am. Lost just a little bit on how this would work. So you have 10 Invoices to Pay, say on your Yeah, so we Yeah. What happens then? So let me just

Unknown Speaker  37:05
here.

Matthias Miller  37:06
Let me you can share your your screen and walk through it if you want.

Speaker 2  37:22
You so vendor invoices need a payment. I think I still have some in here, because these came in late last night. But anyway, so they're they're separated getting this payment type here. So if I want to do like here, these two, I need to go create those payments. So if I would just select eBay, which would be Ach, I you know, these two would be here. I would, I would highlight them, and then instead of pay by check, it would be pay by not a file or something like that. And then you'd hit that, and it would create a record just like, just like the check record, where, instead of printing it, you would export it. And then all of these, these two would create separate lines in the same batch. You know, the the 45,000 would show up as the amount the bank paid, and that's what would be on the statement. And then in our records, we'd have, like, on the when I'm reconciling the statement, it would say batch, so and so was, was $45,000 in assist.

Speaker 1  38:51
But on, on the assist side, the bank would, would it also, would the bank also just show 45,000

Speaker 2  38:56
Right, right. Our export would throw them together as one batch.

Speaker 1  39:03
So if you're paying invoices once a week, you would just have, typically just have one ACH per week, yeah, not to file, yeah. Oh, and that was way, but much faster to record. I mean, so rather than exactly, rather than reconciling looking for 30, you know, 500 to $3,000 numbers here.

Matthias Miller  39:27
Okay, what are you going to do with your life? Drew

Unknown Speaker  39:32
something, uh, there at little numbers

Unknown Speaker  39:38
here. So

Speaker 2  39:42
you know, like, these are, these are the check records. But where's one that probably paid multiple premium, amount of stuff, paid multiple, you know, and then you'd have this, Whoa, where'd I go? I.

Speaker 2  40:05
Did it go away? Um, you'd have this multiple list of like, all of these were paid. But this number up here would be the only one that that shows

Speaker 1  40:20
on that account, but on the the raw materials account, or whatever accounts, you'll have the individual line, okay?

Speaker 2  40:26
And you'd have a transaction that would look similar to this one. You know, accounts would have a whole bunch of lines, but primary checking would only have one. So, yeah.

Speaker 1  40:42
So there's, there's two other things that I'd like to add to this. One is, well, I think we're going to have this email the recipient, right? That's like, Okay, what happens? Like, when we pay by Ach, are we going to always notify the I the the

Matthias Miller  41:05
recipient you you will, we will want to tie that out to the batch, because we don't want to notify you until we drew at a minimum, has to click a button. But what we could do is click a button and generate, you know, four automatic emails, or however many there are, and all we need from you is, I mean, do you want a group? If you, if you have, do you want one, one per invoice? Do you want one per company,

Unknown Speaker  41:35
one per company

Unknown Speaker  41:38
that basically would like a check? So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  41:40
yeah, in just some

Speaker 1  41:42
and, but what coming up now? Ach, don't you already have something?

Speaker 2  41:47
Yeah, I just have to, I have to just go in and say, send the email, which we could just do that the same. I mean,

Matthias Miller  41:55
let's go, should I pull it up so we can reserve a way to preview those emails, or not?

Speaker 2  42:01
Yeah, if you go to the menu, it's the recently sent items, recently paid invoices, recently paid, recently paid.

Matthias Miller  42:12
And then here's one, send email. Does it send automatically? If I click it,

Speaker 2  42:21
I forget which screen you're seeing right now, but I don't think so. No, it shows you about the first it shows your view. The Send button is in the top right corner, okay, right? Well, it's not in the top right corner. It's not the it's not the real so you can look at that. Oh, we don't have okay. Go to like yesterday, put in the night go. There we go. Which says there they don't have one. Either you need something that's e paid.

Matthias Miller  42:55
Oh, sure.

Speaker 2  42:58
Which, if you just select for E payment, that would work too. There you go.

Matthias Miller  43:05
All right, well, didn't

Speaker 2  43:06
do any of those yesterday. Do vinyl structures, structures yesterday.

Unknown Speaker  43:12
There we go.

Matthias Miller  43:19
That's hilarious.

Speaker 2  43:23
Yeah, but I don't, I pay them through quick. There we go, yeah, so that's

Matthias Miller  43:30
alright, yeah, I like it

Unknown Speaker  43:33
there. That sounds to me, that sense

Matthias Miller  43:35
to you, but the from, I mean, but we can use this. We can use this as a template, yeah, and

Unknown Speaker  43:42
so we'll have this.

Matthias Miller  43:45
We'll have maybe we could just use this. This is fine, yeah,

Speaker 2  43:50
it should be, you know, we have this a different kind of payment type that we're sending for, but tiny little bunny trail that I'll bring up since we're looking at these emails, the copy, carbon copy, has not been functioning, and I'm not sure what it's supposed to do, but I tried putting a second email in on the contact, and it didn't send.

Matthias Miller  44:16
Well, you can put, oh, like you can put the here, let's go pull up. Do you have a specific one that you want to

Speaker 2  44:27
Well, like shed time, I have to send the confirmation to the bank on all of them, so I wanted to just put that email address in as a second email address for those vendors. But it won't. It'll it still only sends to the primary but why

Matthias Miller  44:45
would? Why don't we just have a setting on the accounting company? It says, let's see how this is set up. Merge settings, template settings, email from. Um,

Speaker 4  45:01
there's no carbon copy defined on the record or in the template. So,

Matthias Miller  45:06
so you could the, why wouldn't we have on the accounting company? Because you would want these for everything, right?

Speaker 2  45:15
Yeah. I mean, I would think if you could just put in for the carbon copy, any additional accounting email addresses that are that are on the vendor. But

Matthias Miller  45:29
okay, so it's not, it's not for all shed time, but just for some

Speaker 2  45:34
I do an E payment. If I do an E payment at the bank, I have to let the bank know, I guess.

Speaker 1  45:41
But I think what Matthias is saying is, like, if you said it on the accounting company, you for same time, you'd set in one place that you,

Speaker 2  45:47
yeah, got it. Got it. See, this is why I'm not taking your okay, like,

Matthias Miller  45:54
Hey, we're looking for another job, taking over. I The Yeah, I mean, if we just have a what do we call this thing? Vendor invoices, recently paid email, vendor invoice, payment CC or something, and and you can set that on the accounting company, so every time you send this email, it gets CC over to that. Yeah.

Speaker 3  46:28
I have question. I have an answer. Where's the where's it pulling the email from here? Does does it not support common, delimited, duplicate emails.

Matthias Miller  46:44
I mean, yes, yes, it does, but, but if you want this happening on all of them, then why would you when I just have a single setting so you could, you could, if you wanted to, you could do this

Speaker 2  47:04
comment, another email, okay, well, that would work too, or we could, okay. So I

Speaker 1  47:13
think the short term group, I think, I mean, if we go to the positive pay, they're, they're basically doing a positive pay on this right? Or, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  47:21
I think so.

Matthias Miller  47:26
Then that was not in the Okay, so, so do you want to add comments to the vendors where you need it? Do you want to leave it? Do you want to? Do you want to?

Speaker 2  47:38
Well, I could just add commas for now, and since we're on a bunny trail, and then once we're actually trying to figure out more, you know, on this line, then we can figure out what to do with this. Okay, well, if

Matthias Miller  47:51
it literally is, I want every email that gets sent for this company to be carbon copied, then let's please do it that way, because that's we're going to be working in here anyway, and that's way cleaner, yeah,

Speaker 2  48:04
well, that's, I mean, that's, that's the case with shed times. Okay,

Matthias Miller  48:07
so let's, let's do that vendor invoices, as

Speaker 2  48:16
long as is not sure going well, no, it needs to send individual emails right to each company correct. So if they get the bank's email address, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  48:30
Um, well, I mean, we can BCC it as well.

Speaker 2  48:34
Yeah, that's what I was wondering. Maybe we want to do a blind copy, I don't know. Shouldn't make any different stuff, should it?

Speaker 1  48:45
Oh, I think so. I mean, they it's just the main

Speaker 2  48:48
thing we don't want to do is send one person's email to the next person, those guys with your sales.

Matthias Miller  48:54
Oh, if they do a reply, the nice thing about BCC, if they do a reply, all for some reason the bank doesn't need to be like,

Speaker 2  49:01
right, right? That would actually be kind of nice. Probably. Okay,

Matthias Miller  49:06
we'll do it. We'll add on the accounting company. We'll have a VI payment BCC, and that'll get put on

Speaker 5  49:14
here. Okay, sounds great. Alright, sweet.

Speaker 1  49:18
Yeah. Then the second question I had was, do we have good visibility for or will we have for AP to answer vendor like, vendors calling and saying, like, right now they have, when I don't know how much they're using, like, the check. Like, if a vendor calls and says, Hey, I didn't get payment, they call your office. Do they go look at the check and send them a copy? Or, you know, provide them with the details. I assume that happens some, but I think we want to make so that they have the same tools for Ach, because we're going to shift a lot to Ach, like, they're the ones on the front lines. Hey, I didn't get my money. Are they so thoughts on that? Dwayne, like, what do they need to answer?

Speaker 3  49:59
This, I agree. I agree any we always want to be able to trace, have traceability so people can answer questions Absolutely. I mean,

Speaker 1  50:08
ideally they answer, we give them the tools so they can answer a large percentage of those questions, so they don't have to come on through to Drew, which is

Matthias Miller  50:21
So one option would be, if it was paid with Ach, well, or even Well, I mean, we'll have, we'll have, we'll have, like, a we'll need to put a view notches thing on here, or view notch batches or something.

Matthias Miller  50:49
But we could also

Speaker 1  50:50
go ahead, could we just make so they can view the email that went out? Or is that not

Matthias Miller  50:57
the patient? Yeah, I was wondering about

Speaker 5  51:00
that. It you're

Speaker 1  51:03
going to have some companies that cannot receive email, right, not up, and then you just sent, set that email up to send to you, probably, or

Speaker 2  51:11
I just don't put in your Alan. But like, now, oh, like, this is that,

Speaker 1  51:21
if these guys would call and ask for payment, you couldn't understand them anyway, but we won't be buying them anymore.

Unknown Speaker  51:35
Never actually get them shipped.

Matthias Miller  51:38
So the vendor invoice, vendor ID,

Speaker 2  51:41
that particular one, there's a there's a there we have a receipt that they charge the card on 17 to bank, I mean, of March, and it's not on the card, so I don't know. I mean, they at least didn't take money without sending anything. But they said they took money. They didn't, uh,

Speaker 4  52:01
I better that way than taking money without telling you, I guess, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  52:06
exactly,

Matthias Miller  52:09
send email. What am I missing?

Unknown Speaker  52:12
This is the link.

Matthias Miller  52:15
Oh, it's a group action, isn't it? And your invoices paid,

Unknown Speaker  52:25
recently paid email.

Matthias Miller  52:33
And this is running on these multiple records, but we need to know I

Matthias Miller  52:54
if we would just we could give you a link. A very simple thing is give you a link to the recently paid invoices with the payment method and payment date filled in, and they had to go down and find it. Is that good enough? We could actually filter it down, but we could add a vendor filter too and make it actually work, right?

Speaker 1  53:22
You mean, so if they if, if designer metals calls and asks about a payment, they would what go to the invoice, click the link, and it would take them to to this just just showing, just designer metals, just the vendor, right? And then they'd have to search for the invoice.

Matthias Miller  53:42
Well, no, they sent the email for the Oh, because it's

Speaker 1  53:47
but, but over time, like we did have, it, might have 10 or 20 different emails that would have been, you know, send out each for each payment. Or no,

Matthias Miller  54:02
I mean, we could still filter down by this gets a little bit more complicated, because the

Matthias Miller  54:16
technically, you could run multiple batches in a day. And so if it's an E payment, we're grouping by day, if it's not just we're grouping by also by batch ID.

Speaker 1  54:37
I mean, I guess that's a call for you. What do you need for AP to

Unknown Speaker  54:41
let's see that in that light,

Unknown Speaker  54:46
to answer those questions. Titles, i.

Matthias Miller  55:01
Well, while he's figuring this stuff out, I

Matthias Miller  55:45
actually, no, it's

Unknown Speaker  55:52
okay. Well,

Matthias Miller  55:56
I guess that's not really an answer, but, but we could the very simple thing. If Dwayne's back and wants to weigh in

Unknown Speaker  56:04
dramatic price, I'm here.

Matthias Miller  56:09
So so we can add a there's a few ways we could do this. It depends how technically perfect you want it to be. We can just add a link to the vendor invoice that shows everything that was paid on this date for this payment type, and this payment date, and they have to go find, is that good? I mean, what's the other option? Well, I mean, you could add a vendor filter, and that's pretty easy, and then it just then you show but, and if somebody was issued multiple payments in a day, then you have to pick the right the right one. I mean, we could also,

Speaker 3  56:40
okay, let me make sure I understood what you said the first, the first option was to put it on the vendor invoice record.

Matthias Miller  56:47
Either way we have a link on the vendor invoice record, the question is, How much work do you? How much work do you want your people to go through, to be able to to see, define, to only have the exact email showing up, versus them looking for which email this is in.

Unknown Speaker  57:11
I'm sorry I don't understand.

Matthias Miller  57:13
Okay, currently, currently, we show for sending emails. Okay, giant step back because of how this, this thing has worked is put together. The simplest drop dead, simplest way is dear, dear. AP, if you want to find out, if you want to regenerate the email, pull up the vendor invoice, check the payment type,

Speaker 3  57:41
okay, why would they want to regenerate an email?

Matthias Miller  57:46
Well, fair enough, they don't, I

Unknown Speaker  57:49
don't know. Um, you might want to see the email that was sent.

Speaker 1  57:51
Yeah, the question is, what we're trying to figure out Dwayne is, what does AP need when masterpiece metal calls and says, Hey, I was never paid. I didn't get a check for this, you know, $1,600 what? What does AP need to then go in and, you know, say, Well, let me check your check the invoice. They go to the invoice, they see it was paid by Ach, what? What do they need? What do you want them to see? You know, to tell him, Well, okay, here we issued an ACH on this day. Here's the information, you know,

Speaker 2  58:29
to here's the five invoices that were paid together with this. Yeah, our thought was

Speaker 1  58:34
they would they need a way to go back to the email that was sent out the day the payment was issued, and say, Okay, here's what our record show. Check your bank, check with your bank again if make sure you didn't get,

Speaker 3  58:49
get this payment. I guess, I guess I'm not quite understanding why they would need to see the email. I mean, obviously I would think they would want to see, you know, date and time, or, you know, when we issued the ACH transaction. What's the what is them seeing the email going to help?

Speaker 1  59:06
Well, if so, if you're paying, if he's asking about one invoice, he says, I can't, I didn't see any payment for the 1600 but we actually, we actually paid three invoices with the same ACH. And on his bank, it's going to show $5,000 like, when you say that

Speaker 3  59:27
the email you're saying, the email the notch file to the bank is what you're saying, or the email that they would have received as confirmation that

Speaker 1  59:35
the the latter one, the email that the vendor would have received as confirmation. Like, let's say that email gets lost, or it's for a it's for a vendor that has no email address, a recipient or whatever, or has no email where we can send it to.

Speaker 2  59:52
Is there any information, though, that's on it, that's not just going to be on our notch file record?

Matthias Miller  59:59
Right? That? That's a fair point. If you need to generate the exact email, then go pull up the notch record. Or if you only need the total amount that they got. Oh, well, we paid for these, these, like, I mean, there you can see the batch. Oh, we issued a batch, and we paid for these three invoices. Here it is, total one, total two, total, total three, without your calculator that comes to you should? You should have something in your bank account. You have something for $12,963.14 but you do? Oh, okay, this one was rolled in. How did you tie these out? Oh, no, that other invoice. Well, let me go check that, chat that out and see when we actually paid for that one. They don't, technically, but the main reason they would want to, and I guess if they really, really had to, they could take a screenshot of just those rows in the RG and and print that out and fax it to them. If you really need to regenerate the email that's not useful, or export it to Excel and pick out the or, or if you really need to generate the email, we can give that option too. I mean, to okay,

Speaker 3  1:00:59
maybe I'm looking at this overly simplistic, but it would seem to me like, if they have, if the notch file is linked to the vendor invoice record that it paid, then you'd be able to see that screen like we can and we know the date and time that it was sent to the bank. I mean, them seeing the emails. I don't know. It has a lot of value. It's, you know, can they see that? Can they see the notch file record? Can they see exactly what was paid on it? And, you know, we they they know when, in the date and time. I mean, that seems like sufficient information. Am I wrong?

Speaker 1  1:01:33
No, they can see that. Which I'm assuming that they will be able to see that.

Speaker 2  1:01:40
And then if, if that company does not have record of that ACH hitting their bank, well, then the email is not going to answer that question either. That's a matter of, then you go to the bank, and

Speaker 3  1:01:54
that's right, right? Matthias, I'm assuming, I'm assuming the notch of file record is going to be something like a deposit record. That

Matthias Miller  1:02:03
deposit check, yes, yeah.

Speaker 3  1:02:05
You have it. You have an ID, URL on the on the vendor invoice. If it's that, and you click it, you're going to end up in that file. You're going to see everything that was tied to it, etc, etc. Is that thinking right? You're thinking right, it's going to be so I mean that. I mean that's going to have the date and time, and I'm assuming is there going to be a creation and send date on it? I'm probably something like that.

Matthias Miller  1:02:26
I don't know about send date Well, I mean, it will have a it will have a date on it, like this is when it was sent. Now, I don't know that. Are we wanting to have any kind of close the loop, like Drew exports, it sends it to the bank, comes back and says, Yep, I've done it. Or are we just assuming that? Like, checks, if you say you're gonna do it, you're gonna do it.

Speaker 3  1:02:50
Of does the does the creation of the file, like, once you've tied your items in that you're paying whatever, however the workflow is once you, once you save that off it, does it auto send? Or is there a manual send process after that?

Matthias Miller  1:03:05
It's a manual sent? Well, if

Speaker 3  1:03:08
there's a manual send, then there ought to be some kind of close the loop. If it's an automatic send, then you can tie in a date and time that it's sent out. That would be way cooler. But Well,

Speaker 2  1:03:18
I mean, can it be something just as simple as, as taking a confirmation from the bank and uploading it as a document to that file led to that not sure file, like, where, if there's no, if there's no confirmation record from the bank in the documents, then it can be suspect to Okay, well, did this actually happen?

Speaker 3  1:03:41
Yeah, and that's, that's what I was chasing after. We need, we need some method of saying, you know, if I'm sitting in the APC, a vendor calls and says, Hey, I haven't got my money, and I see there's a, there's a, you know, a notch, a file tied to it. I can see, you know, when the file was created. I can see what's tied to it. But if I don't know if it was sent or not I don't like if I can't confirm that piece of information, if I can't tell the vendor, yes, we send it to the bank and got confirmation from the bank on X, date and time. Well, it's a bit of useless information.

Matthias Miller  1:04:11
Yeah. Okay. So we have a, I propose a checkbox plus date plus attachments. There you go, and then, and then, and then we would have a an unconfirmed

Unknown Speaker  1:04:30
gotcha records, sweet, Moana, good So,

Speaker 1  1:04:46
okay, so this is the development site you're going to do this. And then once this is done, drew it. It'll, like, Josh says it'll just work, like, it'll export the file and put it into the bank portal, and it'll, it'll just work. Yeah. It, then you'll have to, yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:03
it'll just work.

Speaker 1  1:05:06
But there's no like, I mean, it seems like we do the development once that's done, then you start testing with the bank and,

Speaker 2  1:05:16
I mean, this is, this is standard Fielding, right? Like, I mean, not just a standard file you're creating. So it's not like, we have to guess as to whether we have the right for me.

Matthias Miller  1:05:28
No, I mean, I mean, there's definitely you want to make sure that it's right. But no, it's not like, No, there's no guesswork. It's, it's well documented. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:05:38
good,

Matthias Miller  1:05:39
good. I like it

Speaker 1  1:05:41
still within our one to two days on this, or is that, did we add to

Matthias Miller  1:05:45
it? Well, we're definitely, I don't. We're not, we're not at one anymore. Um, the the big thing is we are going to have to integrate, I was not thinking about accounting impact for NACHA, and so that's not going to be huge, but we are going to have to add accounting impact for NACHA. And, yeah, there's a few minor integrations. So I don't know I still be too, not sure. Okay, good.

Speaker 1  1:06:15
Well, I think should we go to the child project on positive pay? I think there's some action items that somebody needs to do before we go into this. So we had talked to CSB about this thing. So my understanding of positive pay is that it's basically no money can be withdrawn if you select this feature, this option from the bank cannot be withdrawn from your bank account unless, I think there's four pieces of criteria match with the previously uploaded details on file. So you write out 20 checks in one day, and you mail them out at the same time, you upload some type of file to the bank that says, I think the four pieces of criteria were the date, the amount to pay the recipient of the money. And there was one amount. Well, yeah, the check number, check, yeah, those four. So okay, does this apply to checks only, or would ACH be part of this?

Speaker 2  1:07:29
I think what they were talking about was checks. Or if so and so calls in and says, I want to withdraw some, you know, like, wants to stop in and just do your cash withdrawal something. Yeah, I'm not sure how that works. So good

Matthias Miller  1:07:45
there are some. So this is my back of the napkin research. It looks like, like there is a version for Ach, but it's more around ranges and frequency and transaction type. So let this person debit up to $5,000 every six weeks, or whatever it is, but not more than that. I mean, it's for things like, I mean, a great example is, if you're if, if you're using a payroll vendor and you're running payroll, well, you should never like payroll should never be 50% higher than what it is, and if it is, you want to stop that, like there's something crazy going on, or you have a you're on auto pay with a vendor, and your normal bills are within X amount, and somebody, worst case scenario, gets hold of their system and suddenly charges you five times with what, what it should but I think that's a that's a different I would expect that another just rationalizing a little bit. Checks are different. You have a piece of paper and there's there's somebody in between, and with ACH or NACHA, you're, you are saying, This is what we want. And so it's really only when you give away your account information for other people to debit from you that that ACH comes into play. So

Speaker 1  1:09:20
so this would be her account settings that could be set up or changed by anybody with access to our account. Like, I hadn't thought about payroll, but like, Whitney pays payroll directly out of these accounts. So that would, we could set limits on that.

Speaker 2  1:09:41
And that's probably something you just do at the bank, I would guess. Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:09:45
right. I think so the positive pay thing then would would only apply to change, like, in the sense, okay, I think so in this sense. Okay, well, I'm gonna say yes. Okay. I think the bigger. This question is, how do we handle handwritten checks? So typical scenarios is like, you know, subcontractor with like John Paul or somebody paid Friday afternoon go to the bank and, well, nobody's going to be like, I think I remember the bank. I was asking the bank, can you do? Could you do something like, so, so all of our assist generated checks are five digit check numbers of the handwritten ones are four digit like, could you differentiate between the two? And they said no, is

Speaker 2  1:10:38
Yeah. I think we kind of threw it off as possible for the time being, while one, we had doing nothing too. But two, is because of the hand rain check thing, it was just like so, I mean,

Speaker 1  1:10:54
I don't know that's going to be a big, a big deal. Well, here's what I think we should do, is, is you and I should, okay, we should probably go back to the banks, explain our situation. Ask them, you know what? They basically look into that a little bit more. And there's other local companies that probably running the same thing. Ask them, you know, how they handle that. I think we need to get an answer on that. And then I mean on your side, the development side, Matthias, if we say it, if we say we're ready to go with this, what happens,

Matthias Miller  1:11:40
by the way, here's something that might be in your favor. Okay, ask, ask the bank timing of submissions. Because when I take a check to the bank from a different bank, when I take a check to the bank, I may, I may get one cent of that in my my account. I may, might get, or it might be 1% 10% I get any number of that account, but it's not until the next business day. So there might actually be a later in the day deadline that as long as it's in by, you know, 4pm 6pm something like that, that you're good, and there is a, there's already a deposit cut off, where, if you deposit, I don't know what it I don't know if this is a universal specific banks, but if you deposit after some something like 3pm or at some point in the day, it's next business day anyway, and so, and I'm I'm sure it's for these types of scenarios. So asking them on the timing of submission, I think could answer some of those questions. The other thing too is you could have a,

Matthias Miller  1:12:51
well, I don't know if you had, if the payee was already in the system, then you could give people. This is painful as everything. But if the pay is in the system, you give people the phone menu option to input a handwritten check.

Speaker 2  1:13:14
So what's that? They're not gonna already be consistent. So

Unknown Speaker  1:13:21
the phone menu, like, how would, how would that work? Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:13:24
don't know what all you can do with the phone menu, but okay, punch in, punch in, punch in, okay, so what is the check? And enter the, you know, what's the check? Number 1234, okay, what's the enter the issue date as a month, month, day, day, year, year, okay. 041025, okay, we'll enter the amount, including, you know, including decimals. Okay, so it was $410.11 41011, okay. Enter the payee. Payee number, okay, on my sheet. Joey. He's 2473, okay. 2473, alright, there's the information. Please confirm done.

Speaker 1  1:14:07
Well, okay, one side of me thinks this is crazy to go to that extent. The Other Side of of me really likes it, because now you're shifting the monkey to whoever just scrolling that hand ridge. Like, okay, sure. We give you, I mean, yeah, we spend a couple, I don't know. Okay, what? What would this cost? Like, what? What's involved to do that?

Matthias Miller  1:14:32
Well, does the document have way? Do you know if this, this supports X 30s at all? Oh, can we do imports with these? I don't

Speaker 1  1:14:44
we can. There's a there's a form Josh built way back. We almost never use it. Where you it's, if you go to a, it's, it's your, it's basically a sheet where, rather than pun. In the numbers on the phone menu. You just you color in boxes. If you go to your user profile, go to your user profile, and then there's a, I don't know I could pull one on the phone menu, but I wonder if something like that,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:22
what's, what's the phone menu number?

Unknown Speaker  1:15:25
Well, it's, it's 00.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:33
Like, if you're on your

Unknown Speaker  1:15:37
zero,

Speaker 1  1:15:41
the same place, the same place where you get, like the menu tree, or the recently the most commonly used items. Well, let me just think I get this reports.

Speaker 3  1:15:59
So is this, the one where it's create scheduled document.

Matthias Miller  1:16:13
It's a type of stored document,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:17
batch job,

Matthias Miller  1:16:19
VPR, compass, database, QuickBooks.

Speaker 3  1:16:40
So it's good to go to transmission history as soon as he pulls it, recent transmission, either one. Oh, there you go. Cover sheets,

Matthias Miller  1:16:54
racing you.

Speaker 1  1:16:56
So this one is not okay. You could, I think you could do something like this, like, I said, we never right. Like, maybe, maybe you would even

Matthias Miller  1:17:07
put a date, have

Speaker 1  1:17:08
a place for the check down below, like, the copy the check, but you just cut all this in, shoot it off to assist.

Matthias Miller  1:17:20
It, I could even

Speaker 2  1:17:23
but then would you also have automatic generation of a notification to the bank? Wow. Like every time there's checks created, it just automatically send us an email.

Matthias Miller  1:17:32
Well, no, you would have a daily you would just, you would have a schedule, Oh, yeah. You just tell people every by 8am every morning, or whatever it is, and that's where you communicate with the bank of what your deadlines are, and you just

Unknown Speaker  1:17:47
yeah and

Speaker 1  1:17:52
drew. We could also tie this into where, like, a lot of these, end of month, you always run into a few of these, like, Oh, yeah. So, so these could, you could go through this queue and see, like, we could make this so that they also write in their GL account, like, the bank doesn't care what use, but that's where, like, it could be a once and done thing, rather than, rather than writing out the check and remembering to do the positive pay thing, and then later explain to someone what jail account this was for. You could do it all on one page.

Unknown Speaker  1:18:29
You have to do it right away versus not going

Speaker 1  1:18:32
to be paid. Yeah, you don't need any more motivation than that. Like some guy in your office, he needs money for the weekend, or, I don't know, yeah, he wants to check right now.

Matthias Miller  1:18:44
So there is work on the phone menu. We don't currently the store here is actually the store documents, I believe. And so we would need a way, instead of just running a report, to run an import, and that would be a Josh ism. And you know, from the outside looking in, it doesn't look terribly complicated to me, but it's still priority. Do you want 3d visualizer improvements? Or do you want to Juna have handwritten checks. There would also be the option of them, just they have to pick up the phone and call somebody in Dwayne's office, and they have to, there's a an SOP for for AP to go input handwritten checks and

Speaker 1  1:19:38
whatever. But if this way, if we do this and it happens like on a Saturday or, you know, late on a Friday night, I think this is worth pursuing just because of, I mean,

Speaker 2  1:19:55
they also have to go to their office to be able to do this right. You know. If they're out somewhere on this, you know, on the job, check and then they have to come back to the office to make this happen.

Matthias Miller  1:20:07
But, I mean, they could call in too,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:09
yeah, oh,

Matthias Miller  1:20:13
if, if they've got access to a cell phone. So

Speaker 1  1:20:15
you, you're saying this would be Josh territory to ask what it would take to field this information, but then you would do the I think it's worth asking Josh what it would take, and then we'll go from there. Piece

Matthias Miller  1:20:31
that we need from Josh is we need the phone menu to be able to kick off imports. And once we've got that, then everything else. I think if as long as we're willing to, as long as we're willing to,

Speaker 1  1:20:55
well, the phone menu does already kick off. Wow, an API like when we report production on our BPRs, it communicates to compass. Would it use the same mechanism?

Matthias Miller  1:21:08
I don't know. But BPR is specialized that, yeah, I don't know. I mean, it basically, it is just like running a report. It's just, instead of kicking off report, we need to kick off an import. I mean, that's, that's really, what can

Speaker 1  1:21:24
you what? Yeah, let's add to that the question.

Speaker 1  1:21:42
Well, this would fit in with Shane Washington was here last week, and he said his brother, Joel, told him what was I'm trying to remember, that we have remember what it I don't know if I told you, Joel said something about ridiculous amounts of ingenuity, things like phone manufacturing or something, something like that. Another one for for his

Speaker 2  1:22:17
list, another one for his list, another

Matthias Miller  1:22:21
one for his list. I, I love, love, love, love, love. The fact that this puts the responsibility like, sure you can, you can issue quick. It puts the pain, puts the pain in the promise in the same place.

Speaker 1  1:22:37
Yeah, that's what I like about it, and why I think it's worth spending a little bit of extra upfront to make it possible. But so, so the questions, so next steps are, talk to Josh about that, and then we need to talk to the bank, asking about, you know, what they need on the input file. Ask about, well, that the, yeah, the timing on the submission is still important, even if we go with this

Unknown Speaker  1:23:04
phone menu route so that so there's a clear understanding from whoever is issuing the Check what to tell the the recipient, like, Mm hmm.

Matthias Miller  1:23:34
And I think, what is it, fine, Just to do. I You Will and I

Matthias Miller  1:24:11
it's something like this. I

Matthias Miller  1:24:28
do we need on promise pay? Do we need to worry about people renaming vendors or payees? Because if you if you would, if you spell my name wrong, and then send me the check, and anyway, we should maybe store on the assist check. Do.

Matthias Miller  1:25:00
I don't know if we need to do this or not, but, or does that not happen often enough that we need to worry about it? Or will the bank manually review and say, Oh, it's the guy with 1t It's the that's fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:14
Yeah, that's it. And there

Speaker 2  1:25:17
might just be another question for the bank, like, how accurate? Doesn't do names have to be?

Unknown Speaker  1:25:24
Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:25:25
because there we have, we have, if you would go through our vendor list, you there's a number of them that you could merge where we have, we call them two different things, and they're all the same company or person. But I

Matthias Miller  1:25:41
would also guess you have a few where they are really, really close to I mean, I don't know if you have any, like, I don't know what the right. I don't know premier metals and Premier outdoors, for example, is quite close enough. But there's some that could almost be, Mm, hmm.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:06
Be Okay,

Speaker 1  1:26:09
good. I like it so not your files. All good. This a set of questions we need to answer before we do anything before we do any development on this, correct, good discussions I have taking a lot longer than that. There's a lot more details than I thought. Number two on the the agenda, different periods for sales and use sales tax and use tax. So Ohio sales taxes, monthly Use tax is part of the so can we split those two?

Unknown Speaker  1:26:55
The issue comes into the payment.

Matthias Miller  1:26:58
Well, don't we? We store that on the on the use tax vendor, don't

Speaker 2  1:27:07
we? Not sure if we have, I think we just have only we have designation as use tax vendor. It's all just one, just sales tax lenders, like we can report separately, but we only have one filing period,

Matthias Miller  1:27:31
okay, so we just need a sales tax, sales tax filing frequency and a use tax filing frequency. It was a start month in for each and respect them,

Speaker 2  1:27:44
right? Yeah. Like, and then, I guess that would then give the option for a separate like, how's it going? Or how's the report going to look? If it's sales taxes monthly and use taxes quarterly.

Matthias Miller  1:28:00
Oh, so we, well, if, if, if we report use tax separately, then you would have a use tax. Well, okay, like I said, deceptively simple, um,

Speaker 2  1:28:15
because where I ran into it, I was like, oh, that's fine. It's on the same report. Doesn't matter. I can, I can, you know, compile reports or whatever. But the problem then, is when I go to create the payment, because it throws my use tax payment in for, like, if I, if I report separately, that's fine, but it doesn't create the right payment, because it I can't, I have to go totally recreate payment and all that kind of

Speaker 1  1:28:40
thing. Even, why don't you just create a second sales tax vendor? Like, couldn't you create an Ohio

Speaker 2  1:28:49
No, like, a sales tax vendor that I use tax vendor. I mean, as I use as a use tax

Unknown Speaker  1:28:55
Yeah? Like, have

Speaker 2  1:28:56
to almost, it's a quarterly that would work. I didn't think of that like, Yeah, Mark sticker, this job now,

Speaker 1  1:29:06
but wow. But how's it going to know? Like, on the sales order?

Speaker 2  1:29:10
Oh, but it only allows for one, one sales tax vendor per company for this, for the state. Now, you can just put in another state. It doesn't have to know that it's not the right

Matthias Miller  1:29:22
state. I mean, over the second I get a second correctly, go ahead. Yeah, you could.

Speaker 4  1:29:30
You could have a check box just to say this sales tax vendor supports use tax, and if it doesn't, then we say, try to make sure that you have one for the state that does and one that doesn't, I don't know, or you need to, yeah, we need to field that it's this one's for sales tax, this one's for use tax. Something

Unknown Speaker  1:29:55
that would work, couldn't we?

Matthias Miller  1:29:59
Okay, so. So just to be very, very clear, is this, is it for in for, are there any states that report separately but pay together?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:19
Not that I know. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:30:20
so, so this can take the place of the report use tax separately. The other question is, Are you writing? Are you writing it to the check still goes to a high open treasure of state. It's

Speaker 2  1:30:41
all paid online, so the name doesn't matter.

Matthias Miller  1:30:45
Name doesn't matter. The other thing we could do, no, but the frequency is different. I like but

Speaker 2  1:30:55
there is okay when we report separately. I mean, there are report there. There, like Indiana, I think it is, does have a separate field for use tax, but it's all on the same report. It's all the same period.

Speaker 1  1:31:16
But Ohio is just you report, you pay sales tax every month, use tax every quarter.

Speaker 2  1:31:20
Yeah. I mean, Ohio is, is two totally separate things. I mean, it's a separate filing. It's a separate, different kind of period, separate you can, you can pay them together, but, but it's two separate invoices that

Speaker 1  1:31:33
you're paying. I was wondering you couldn't just ignore it for the first two months in a quarterly use tax amount, just like, yeah, that's what I do. Oh, that's what you're doing.

Speaker 2  1:31:41
Is what I'm doing. But, but Assist is saying I made a payment, so I have to go in and put it to accounts payable doesn't because I didn't make the payment.

Matthias Miller  1:31:51
Okay? So if we would, if we would add check boxes or a at check boxes. Here. Is there an incident for this yet?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:09
No,

Speaker 1  1:32:12
it's just to be we're already allowing. We've got a few other things to cover yet. Are you good to keep going or not? None of this. I think all of it could wait till next week, but on our set, we're good to I've

Matthias Miller  1:32:23
got some time. Okay, good.

Matthias Miller  1:32:34
So can we? But my question is, in the in the in the drive to compulsive, drive to simplify. Can we, if we have separate vendors, can we get rid of this checkbox? I'm trying to

Speaker 4  1:32:46
figure out that a separate vendor is the right way to go. Like I suggested, I'm not still. I don't know if I'm sold on it.

Speaker 2  1:32:54
I don't think you want to get rid of that check box because, like those, those states still make the same payment. So you're the payment transaction that's created. I don't think is going to come out, right, if we go to only separate vendors.

Matthias Miller  1:33:14
So Seth is set the other way to do this. Okay? So we have, we have for each one separate vendors. It does not model reality. It's not separate vendors. That's why I don't like it. And separate periods for use tax slash. I mean, you could just say, If you report use tax separately, you also need to specify use tax filing frequency and use use tax filing frequency, start month. I have

Speaker 3  1:33:40
a question, I have an answer. Go for it. Do you all need me anymore? Or can I drop off?

Speaker 1  1:33:48
No, I think we're good on these, yeah, these last two. Okay, thanks guys. Yep, thank you.

Matthias Miller  1:34:01
But then, but then, so then, if we use a period set, isn't that just a matter of kind of like different date ranges when you're when you're previewing liabilities? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:30
it's tax materials, but

Matthias Miller  1:34:38
then on the sales order, oh.

Speaker 5  1:34:54
Enable, use tax. No, I.

Matthias Miller  1:35:00
Well, I guess just that would be fine.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:08
Okay, so we have

Matthias Miller  1:35:13
Okay, so it's never going to be by definition. I

Matthias Miller  1:35:29
it must be tax exempt for use tax so there's, there should never be, obviously, if you've got rows that cross over and then where do we? Where do we handle period?

Unknown Speaker  1:35:49
If the

Matthias Miller  1:35:56
repeat list subset is where we further filter? I need that's where, if we have adjustments. But how do we

Unknown Speaker  1:36:11
the date was in there earlier? I think

Matthias Miller  1:36:17
we're doing it from the current sales tax vendor, period. So, so really,

Matthias Miller  1:36:32
but then we would, we would have filing dates. The filing dates needs to have all filing dates use tax and other and then, and then we would, you know, pull in, we would filter down by but then we have to, we have to filter out. We need to handle in in here, we need to handle whether it's use tax or not, and that's where

Unknown Speaker  1:37:13
That just feels

Matthias Miller  1:37:21
and we can't get away with,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:26
can't get away with what

Matthias Miller  1:37:29
it'd be nice if we could always have use tax be a separate vendor. But that doesn't, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:38
Max. I mean dependence might. I we

Matthias Miller  1:37:50
could have a if the vendor splits it out, have an optional drop list

Unknown Speaker  1:38:02
that's have an

Matthias Miller  1:38:09
idea, what? What if? What if? Seth and I,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:20
yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:38:24
rather than take up this call, what if Seth and I get our heads together sometime and talk talk it through from a technical standpoint and see which one we like best?

Unknown Speaker  1:38:32
Oh, good. Okay, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:44
Good. So

Unknown Speaker  1:38:48
the number three mismatch transactions, we work through some of those. You did some more.

Speaker 1  1:38:58
There was question on one of them, this transaction, 42, 120, which was on that report. This was, I'm pretty sure I know why it was there. It was a transaction. It was a transaction for buying a forklift or something. And I had never tied it to an asset until just recently, and then it got flagged and stuck on here. I think that's what happened. Maybe not, is

Matthias Miller  1:39:32
it? Is that an actual transaction number? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:35
it is. It's shit time. I don't know if that Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:50
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  1:39:54
this is linked to the this guy. He. Or the accounting impact for this does not match.

Unknown Speaker  1:40:18
Let's do this.

Speaker 4  1:40:19
It only what's the last column word, because that's only filled in on one of them.

Matthias Miller  1:40:29
Last column is like a notes

Speaker 4  1:40:36
asset, Asset ID, so it's only

Matthias Miller  1:40:41
on one line of the transaction instead of two, expected it on both, but it only showed up on one. Oh, I see. So why is the why would we expect it on both? Well, let's go here. I

Matthias Miller  1:41:03
wait. Are you sure this isn't because Is this a closed period? Is this a closed period? Yeah, yeah, it is. So what you need to do is come in here.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:19
I move to the stock,

Matthias Miller  1:41:23
unlock it, set the asset ID to the same asset.

Speaker 1  1:41:29
Okay, typically, okay. Is that? Is that last column on the mismatch transactions only looking at asset IDs? Or is it,

Matthias Miller  1:41:40
I believe so.

Speaker 1  1:41:42
Because if that's the case, I think we could eliminate that from the report, because only maybe I'm wrong on this. I think when we, like, when we set up a new asset, it would all it would only the credit side, or only that side of the transaction would be linked to an asset ID. Well, okay, we could see there's a new one for if you go to manage assets, there's this one too. So yeah, there's, there's a,

Speaker 1  1:42:33
if you go to ABC, there's, there's works in the top section the bottom, the county wrote 160 real estate the that's when I just created,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:50
oh, no, why is that not?

Speaker 1  1:42:56
Not sure why that transaction isn't linked. Okay, if, well, I'll go back and get the one right up above it. I think that one, uh, no, okay, then go, go back to one that's, there is a,

Matthias Miller  1:43:14
there's a transaction here.

Unknown Speaker  1:43:19
Yeah, this is not, well, it's

Matthias Miller  1:43:20
not what you're looking

Speaker 1  1:43:21
for. No good, oops, sorry. Let's go to what is one that we just created? Maybe it's not inputted service. Well, okay, one that was created in

Speaker 1  1:43:41
that the one right up above it, that the ABC one heat that one. So if we go to this, if we go to this transaction, does it have the acid ID on both the like the roadside interiors invoice. Which

Matthias Miller  1:44:10
one is that?

Matthias Miller  1:44:18
Actually, I'm guessing this. This one, right? I'm sorry. Well, so it's right,

Speaker 1  1:44:22
like, does it on the accounts pay? Oh, okay, it does, okay, yeah, I see the asset ID is there for both the debit and the credit. So that's simple enough. Just,

Speaker 1  1:44:38
I was thinking we could just on the mismatch transactions. We could possibly just ignore those if those two don't match.

Matthias Miller  1:44:51
I mean, we could pretend, potentially,

Speaker 1  1:44:58
it's easy to fix it's. Yes, if it creates it's probably the cleanest thing is just to go ahead and fix them. I

Matthias Miller  1:45:05
would prefer that, I think, given the complexity of everything going on here, yeah, it's, I don't remember why we had AP under tied to the asset.

Speaker 2  1:45:22
Or do you see it? Is it just, is it just because the invoice gets tied to the asset, or something like that, where it just throws it on both? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:45:31
not because of the invoice, but because of the line item, yes, and it throws it on both. I mean, in some ways, I would rather, I don't know how much this gets us in trouble, probably a lot. In some ways, I'd rather change the accounting impact to not put it on AP if you don't want it on AP and and then update, you know, we and we could help you find all the line items where it is on AP and remove them.

Speaker 1  1:46:01
It doesn't make any it doesn't create any issues.

Speaker 2  1:46:06
No, because, like when we look at for the sale of asset transaction, it kicks those out anyway, like it kicks those other side, AP side out. I mean, shouldn't we

Speaker 1  1:46:19
just go through and pulling these up. Is it worth looking at any of the others? Or, have you,

Speaker 2  1:46:27
I haven't gotten much farther. I mean, not further than, yeah. I mean, we need to just say what year we're putting them in, and then just go stomping in financially, on the on the

Speaker 1  1:46:39
but for today, there's nothing. There's no I haven't came up with anything.

Matthias Miller  1:46:46
And by the way, I keep, I mean, I'm getting regular alerts, and I've just been ignoring them. That accounting impact isn't getting updated properly. So whenever we can get this cleaned up. I mean, I'm sure it's on your list, and your list of things the square way. And then, if there are things that are legitimately legitimate discrepancies, we can talk about how you want to permanently put them to rest. But

Speaker 1  1:47:13
these, everything, not pushing to accounting, would be on this list. Correct. Okay, good. So the last thing was reconciling transactions from the close period. I didn't know was this connected to you had sent an email, something to add to Josh list, I think had to do with reconciles. It might have been almost a month ago, but drew you were well, go ahead and explain what you're bumping into. It's

Speaker 2  1:47:48
just if, if the if the check is recorded in a date in the close period, then it doesn't allow me to hit the reconcile button when it hits the bank, so I have to unlock so that I can change it to record, to cleared, so that it can go through. That's right, I think we talked about it then. Don't know if it ever got put on a to do list.

Matthias Miller  1:48:13
Yeah, that was going to ping Joel or something, or Joel or Ellis, or probably Joel. And actually played around with it, just a little bit having a little bit of issue with the limited editings. We have a capability that's supposed to be able to allow us to do this. I was having a little trouble with it, but I think we just need to. I think the assignment on that is we need to go figure out it was not to Joel's list. It was, it was probably to get conceptual sign off from from Joel, and probably for Seth or I or both, to figure out if we can use that approach to get it to work.

Speaker 5  1:49:06
So that's in your court. Then Correct.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:15
Good. That's all that I had anything,

Unknown Speaker  1:49:20
anything else

Matthias Miller  1:49:22
I don't have anything else.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:27
Good. Well, we've covered a lot of a lot of stuff. So

Speaker 4  1:49:34
yes, we did. Yeah, it's been about a month. So yeah, I think.

Unknown Speaker  1:49:41
Good. Thanks

Unknown Speaker  1:49:42
guys, yep,

Matthias Miller  1:49:43
you bet. Thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai