Unknown Speaker  00:36
Mark

Unknown Speaker  00:47
you're on a you were back last most of last week already right

Matthias Miller  00:54
yeah a bit of last week yeah

Speaker 1  01:02
well I think Drew's going to join us soon all right

Speaker 1  02:05
yeah I did my sister's from Colorado or in headed back out no morning but about you

Unknown Speaker  02:18
yeah did

Unknown Speaker  02:25
a call anything

Matthias Miller  02:29
we we were going well we we actually had gotten some stuff to do that didn't really grow up with that as a big deal to my wife and we've had a lot of fun with that and we didn't we sight and sound was live streaming there Jesus production again this year. And so we watched that as a family so that was good.

Speaker 1  02:51
Okay, that's that the people at they have a place in PA and another one in Branson, Missouri theaters is that

Unknown Speaker  03:01
yeah

Unknown Speaker  03:07
massive operation is reading this

Matthias Miller  03:11
what do you say? So it's a it's a big operation it's pretty impressive

Speaker 1  03:20
Yeah, I was somebody sent me a copy of the plain plain news some type of

Unknown Speaker  03:28
there's an article in there about plays in the Philippines where they do like live demonstration. Crucifixion is like there there's people that that

Speaker 1  03:42
offer to be crucified like this one guy has been crucified 35 times alright. Reason are pretty dramatic.

Unknown Speaker  03:59
I remember hearing about that.

Speaker 1  04:03
Like they're Catholics the Catholic Church kind of frowns on says you know they can live their faith and that way

Unknown Speaker  04:17
well, Drew Drew's not on easy

Unknown Speaker  04:23
yeah

Unknown Speaker  04:27
okay

Speaker 1  04:30
well, I think you have some stuff some reconcile stuff for or lose some updates. If you want to talk about that first and then we'll go through some specific things we need on that listed there in three Now meanwhile, try and get those files in Dover so you have something to work off of, or look at. That works for

Matthias Miller  05:01
for you. Yep. So the big seminar stuff,

Speaker 1  05:05
too. So let's keep moving along. Julie if we can do this hour is going to be quickly but yeah.

Matthias Miller  05:17
Yeah, if you guys have time, later in the afternoon, I can potentially reconvene. But the big thing with reconciles was I missed some transactions that had not been reconciled previously. And I really linked them back to the appropriate period, which took us from an ABC if we just pull this up and share my screen

Matthias Miller  05:46
took us from what was it drew about a million dollar balance?

Unknown Speaker  05:53
Yeah, I'm sure.

Matthias Miller  05:56
It was something like that down to a negative see, I can find it

Matthias Miller  06:08
to about a negative $50,000 balance. Now, there are a bunch of vendor invoices that had been reconciled, and I wasn't able to re reconcile them because the Chart of Account mapping is incorrect.

Matthias Miller  06:40
starting balance is now negative 70 70k. This is ABC primary checking.

Unknown Speaker  06:50
Okay.

Speaker 2  06:58
So you have so what you did was basically just re reconciled stuff that was kicked out of Iraq, for some reason. It had been reconciled and something changed. And so change the transaction or created new Honor. Yeah. So, so what I need to do is just go back to my journal entries that I created to correct things and just re just re change those to something that is that brings it back, correct again?

Matthias Miller  07:44
Well, like I guess so. I mean, there are some good. So

Speaker 2  07:52
did you did you figure out something for how to make so that? So there's so that it's not ongoing? You know, like, if somebody wants to make a change to something, I noticed that one link you sent, it said that the account mapping was wrong on them. So I pulled that up. And the ones that I looked at, were one ones that we had just, we had added some GL accounts or changed them or something. So what do we need to do to make so that? Either, depending how it's connected, it would just say, oh, okay, this was your old name, it got edited. Now, this is the new name use it. And it all stays where it is. Or else if something new comes in, or if one gets deleted, it just goes to inactive and nobody can add more to it. Like it doesn't necessarily like if we so so we met. So we create a new GL account. We map something to it, which means we have to unhook and then I think that's where they get all off whack.

Matthias Miller  09:19
So you actually need to be able to have multiple GL accounts. That yes, of course you do.

Speaker 2  09:26
I mean, there should only be one active one. Right. But as long as the others are inactive we should because that might be part of our issue there. Well, you could

Matthias Miller  09:48
one of the things you can do

Unknown Speaker  10:01
Go pick one

Speaker 2  10:08
yeah so shed time got an extra layer there

Matthias Miller  10:14
that the others don't have yeah

Speaker 2  10:19
yeah is there were some transactions in the equipment repairs maintenance that you know got disconnected when I added the other one had to switch you know the equipment repairs maintenance is now what goes back to that which I think we need to decide if we're going to do that for all of them or not worry about the difference or 10 times or call it on do because having that difference is going on handy but that's another time situation relation but I think that's what happened and so in this in this particular case, the equipment repairs maintenance as a parent account that GL record here should have stayed connected to whatever it was has an inactive account and stayed there because because the way I'm changing them now is so if there's you know there were ready transactions in there. So I rename that one as the sub account create a new parent and then attach this one as the sub

Matthias Miller  11:52
well that explains that one that doesn't explain

Speaker 2  11:58
the accounting there the top one is the same situation

Matthias Miller  12:02
where use is it split out in all companies or just one?

Matthias Miller  12:35
Do all companies grouped by these three or these three subgroups? Yeah, and to do so what you could do here if you wanted to, I guess you wanted to know how to you could go in here hit merge and merge it into accounting general you and then basically it'll update update everything over into accounting general and delete this one Mm hmm. Which normally would you do is just rename this one but because of how there's some syncing or something that happens that I'm not sure exactly how this all works

Unknown Speaker  13:48
yeah, I can be up in an hour if you need.

Matthias Miller  14:41
So, I mean did you want me to go ahead and switch this over just merged this in? Can we do that? Well, actually, I don't know the implications of doing that.

Unknown Speaker  14:49
So does it get rid of the accounting one? Like just straight accounting Oh

Matthias Miller  15:04
yes

Unknown Speaker  15:07
good I actually don't even have it in my list Yeah, I mean you shouldn't be able to

Matthias Miller  15:22
so if we do that we go back to this vendor invoice issue the only one so this guy still has something somewhere

Matthias Miller  15:45
materials repairs and maintenance

Matthias Miller  15:53
is an ABC repairs and maintenance is not under the right. I don't know. I mean, we can we can go down this rabbit hole at some point. If we fix these and we run accounting impact, it will create transactions that you're thinking I want to have reconciled to get it out of your list to means to have another Delta transaction presumably

Speaker 2  16:20
or, well, we're not going to we're not going to get to line up perfectly I don't think the main thing is that we make so that they don't like new things don't kick it off. Because I'd say we can probably endlessly Chase issues going back and, and going back we're like 23 transactions don't matter if they're off. We just need to we need them to not change as well. We need not necessarily fix them all.

Matthias Miller  16:59
Buddy, that's easy. It's a matter of changing this this date here to one 124.

Speaker 2  17:18
And then now does that do you really have the thing set up where that will lock that up? Or we can still make the changes?

Matthias Miller  17:27
Well, it will it will not keep you from changing the records, but at least it won't push stuff back into accounting.

Speaker 2  17:34
Oh, okay. Okay

Unknown Speaker  17:43
so

Speaker 2  17:50
we should is mark on right now. He is going to have Leann do some make some changes? We should maybe wait until after that's done. I would guess because she was going to change some customer deposit stuff, no RTO premium stuff

Speaker 2  18:19
is there anything else that you know Mark the old like stuff from last year and let's still work out?

Unknown Speaker  18:29
It there's not

Speaker 2  18:37
so then we should be able to just Yeah, update that. And then I can still go back and make journal entries ever needed? Yep. Okay. And

Matthias Miller  18:51
you can then if there's any transactions that you don't want to happen auto created, you can avoid them out. And they'll stay voided out.

Speaker 2  19:02
Like you're saying avoid the transaction or void or like get rid of the vendor invoice or whatever it is.

Matthias Miller  19:17
Let's say you have a vendor invoice that's hitting accounting and 23. And you don't want it to hit accounting. In 23, you can just go pull up the link transaction and void it out. And as long as it's prior to 23 Nothing will happen.

Unknown Speaker  19:32
Yeah, yeah. Okay.

Matthias Miller  19:38
So did you did you want to change them now?

Speaker 2  19:46
Yeah, we might as well because because we want them like Yeah, yeah, I think so.

Unknown Speaker  20:00
it but the general

Matthias Miller  20:45
All right. I mean, yeah breach retested previously, but barring any kind of gas gaps in our work

Speaker 2  21:00
yeah, it should work and it shouldn't make any difference to the 24 information. You know, because that's been coming over and that even though we have lots of things in the text up there Yeah. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  21:15
we need to on our Thursday callers sometime we need to prioritize the lockdown of those transaction, you know, reconciled transactions or things linked to reconcile transactions mm. Okay.

Speaker 2  21:38
So I guess, to help make sure that things stay in the right place when making changes to accounts and stuff will be to merge GL accounts when new ones need to be created.

Matthias Miller  21:59
Yeah, or renaming existing ones. If you want to. If you want to add sub accounts, you can rename the existing one with to the sub account name and then add the other ones either way yeah.

Speaker 2  22:39
That seems to be the main thing, right? That's going on?

Matthias Miller  22:47
I think so. I mean, as long as you're happy with creating whatever journal entries you need to to get statement, starting balances, the lineup, et cetera, et cetera, get your numbers where you need to be. I think that's all you really need

Speaker 1  23:17
is there anything else on reconcile? Does that include that?

Matthias Miller  23:29
I don't have anything beyond that.

Speaker 1  23:37
Okay, so as soon as I have, as soon as Lan has made those few updates, then I should notify bias for that change you're making all the reconcile works. That correct

Matthias Miller  23:53
would do those you want those changes to be applied historically?

Speaker 1  24:03
Mean historically and 23? Yeah. Yes. Okay. undeposited funds is word where it is we've recorded payments in 23. With deposits and deposited them in 24. That's what our records are currently showing. And they're basically duplications of something we already did. Prior to that, so we just want to have her go in and undo work that we told her to do.

Speaker 2  24:53
Are those are those will work She's I think it'll come out because she is getting rid of the individualizing application of those payments, whereas the deposits that were deposited the original deposit should already have that check in they're like,

Speaker 1  25:24
yes. So are you saying through? Are you saying with that, then Matthias could make that make his update right away and that will take care of itself?

Speaker 2  25:41
They would have she would be writing and getting rid of payments. And it's true. Um, okay. Yeah, we should wait.

Unknown Speaker  26:05
Yeah, well to move that date back.

Unknown Speaker  26:12
And then changes. Is he gonna be done today?

Speaker 1  26:16
I'm going to try and see if we can get her. Yeah, get it done today.

Unknown Speaker  26:22
Yeah. Well, should

Speaker 1  26:25
we? Yeah, I'll, I'll check with her what she's got. Yeah, I'll see if I can get the updates made today and then notify both of you when updates are done.

Matthias Miller  26:43
Okay, so then once that's done, I will rerun it accounting impact one more time, and then bumped the dates forward to 2024.

Speaker 1  27:02
Okay, so are we good, good with number one. Number one. Okay, number two, I just threw that in here for kind of timelines, our goals where we're at. But the big thing is just, I have all of this, our big goal is to have by April 15 have but starting by April 15 start to have financial report income statements and balance sheets for the previous month, by the 15th of every month, starting with that in April. So just yeah, what we're, what our goal is what we're shooting for. So moving on to number three, here's stablishing starting balance sheet values. All this should really say establishing starting balance stablishing starting balances in accounting as of one 120 24 And it says, Here are areas where we will need your help. So undeposited funds create and send new reports after we've made a few changes on payments in deposits plus do has access to the most recent report which I think who has access to that undeposited funds report that you created right thank you created a

Matthias Miller  28:37
question is did I send it over to him? Let me

Speaker 2  28:44
see if anything like as of last week or anything

Matthias Miller  28:55
um, and I would like to know, know which of these reports you intend on using in future years?

Speaker 1  29:10
You're saying which of these from like the ones I have listed here undeposited funds customer deposits? Which I Is that the question? So you know which

Matthias Miller  29:21
report? Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 1  29:26
Well, I think the undeposited funds report is like it is now is a good tool for double checking. The customer deposits the same way. That is a I don't think we have time for that now. But Wayne added a bunch of Dwayne s AD made some changes to that report. Well, let's take it one at a time. So the undeposited funds we do want that As a standard report for future

Speaker 1  30:12
and then you send Messiah or that he sent a link to that report or you sent that report over to Drew. So you can run at once we've made a few changes. Yes. Yeah. So customer deposits, I'm sending you a file with all legit customer deposits, we need you to keep only transactions that match the deposits on this list and remove all the others as of 1231 23. So a few things on this, we do want this as a standard report. And if you'll I sent that over to you, if you'll open that report. Take a quick look at it. I don't know how this let's just look at the ABC one through I sent them to you as well. Because the I don't know what you call it but like the where you can hide and unhide rows that work you open an Excel or when you should have along the left edge you should have a one and two or a plus sign or you can choose to hide or show certain rows.

Matthias Miller  31:59
Alright, I'm pulling this up now. Sorry. I just saw those emails coming to customer deposit.

Unknown Speaker  32:07
Yeah, AB let's just look at that one.

Speaker 1  32:19
Though, when you open it in your site, does it come through with I don't know what you call them. But were some rows are hidden, or you can choose to hide or show them by clicking on one and to top.

Matthias Miller  32:34
Up left there. Yeah, there's like rows four and five are collapsed. And then 2022 to 25 reflects? Yep.

Speaker 1  32:41
Yeah. So something I want to show you real quick on this report is if you open it up. Here's what I was working through some of these things to figure out which are legit and which are not working through this was with Dwayne. And then once he understood what I'm looking for, he added the subcategories of canceled because we had a whole bunch of buildings in here that were cancelled that showed some of them showed the first payment but did not show them the payment being refunded, and so on that was all part of how some of them had to refund it to the sales or others didn't. But what made this report helpful is all canceled sales orders, we just said, well, by the nature of how that works, customer is going to be refunded. So we're not if it's canceled, we're just going to ignore it. So that's why all those in the canceled and then there's some quotes down at the bottom to it up there for some reason. So this report and I think he added some notes. He Yeah, I think he brought in the notes on the far right column. So making this standard would be a useful report in the future. So that aside, what we're trying to do is or what I would like to see if you could do Matthias is let's just look at that. First row six there and 2307 on 734. So we show a payment on 728 a 1250. And then we show another payment on nine six of 11 to 1685. And this building still, while it was then delivered an invoice on February 14 money for. So after going through this list combing through it, and I feel we have a solid list of these truly are our customer deposits as of 1231 23. So what would be ideal is if you have a way to keep only these transactions in assists and basically get rid of all the other transactions now is that because I think if I'm thinking about this correctly, the only thing we really care about where our starting balance is the these would all be debits in customer. No. So deposit is a liability, right?

Matthias Miller  36:08
Yes, right, thanks. So if

Speaker 1  36:11
it's, if it's a liability, then these would all be credit, these each. Each one of these, like the one we're looking at should show a credit transaction or a credit of 1250 on 728. And then another credit of 11 to 685. On September 6

Unknown Speaker  36:36
Is, is maybe I'm missing something there. But I think that would be ideal. Those would be the only transactions we have in customer deposits.

Speaker 1  36:48
For our one one darting account, because if we, if not, if we leave all those others in there and make some massive journal entry, we can offset the difference like we can make it to the correct we're showing customer deposits for this company at 72,004 9541, which I believe is a legit number there in cell k 27. We can get to that number just by using what's currently there and doing some magic journal entry to offset whatever I don't know what the number is currently maybe 150 or 200,000 then we could do all setting journal entry but that still doesn't clear out all the old transactions so is that it doesn't there is Matthias your thoughts on is it possible? Is it a good way to do it? What are your thoughts?

Matthias Miller  37:54
I think the Yeah. And the advantage of doing it this way is that your account balance diagnostic will be clean going forward

Speaker 1  38:12
so okay, if we do that, what what do you need? Do you need more from me?

Matthias Miller  38:22
I don't think so. I think all we're saying is Boyd, all ABC ABC customer deposit transactions, except for ones associated with these sales orders in 2023.

Speaker 1  38:37
Yes, and that should give you a balance of 72 495 41

Matthias Miller  38:43
Yeah. What about sorry, where are you? Where are you getting the 72

Speaker 1  38:51
in sell a K. K 27 my spreadsheet

Matthias Miller  38:57
that I'm seeing 61 to 7856 for ABC

Unknown Speaker  39:06
okay

Unknown Speaker  39:09
I'm saying arcs I'm not sure

Speaker 1  39:15
did you open yours in in Excel Matthias and drew maybe Libre Office? Got

Matthias Miller  39:20
mine open in libre office. I do have the right file open. It

Speaker 1  39:29
could be customer deposits. ABC 2023 1231.

Matthias Miller  39:34
Well, let me let me try closing it. Closing my file and reopening it. Yeah, because I expanded and collapsed. Okay, there you go.

Unknown Speaker  39:44
I'm working now.

Matthias Miller  39:47
I'm seeing your number now. Okay, sounds good. I got it.

Speaker 1  39:56
So, you, okay, you have those three files. What about timeframe for updating that? Well,

Matthias Miller  40:03
I don't want to do it before I can do it before Leanne's done with her stuff. So it just depends. I met most of the data well,

Speaker 1  40:14
there okay. Yeah. Leanne, what Leanne changing will not will not affect this. This is only this only looks at those payments will not.

Matthias Miller  40:38
Yeah, but if I avoid these transactions in the end makes the changes that I rerun accounting impact, the transactions are going to come back.

Speaker 1  40:45
Got it. Okay. Okay. Well, let's, okay, so we're clear on that. Let's talk about priority and timeframe after we've gone through the other. So accounts receivable, I'm sending you a file with all legit AR, we need you to keep all of the transactions that match this list and remove all of the others kind of the same story, but

Unknown Speaker  41:11
let's just open one of the accounts receivable so let's do the district X end of year. Now, the first one we'll look at is really messy because it's

Unknown Speaker  41:39
Indiana, and we've got a bunch of overpayments. But we're showing a total AR of $99,192.84. District X buildings in Indiana. So on this one, again, the ideal would be to to keep only

Speaker 1  42:14
exactly the same as what we discussed in customer deposits. Do you see a problem with that?

Matthias Miller  42:25
No, I don't.

Speaker 1  42:28
Now, Drew, you're you're probably raising your eyebrows at some of these small amounts like the one that has an overpayment of 10 cents or 45 cents. Initially, I thought that we were not accounting for I thought we were not respecting right off here. But after looking at it with Messiah as I believe we are. But AR also looks at write offs takes those into consideration. And this will simply require some cleanup then at some point for someone to go in and do create write offs on these ones that are not worth basing and cleaning this up. may well be to have the house.

Speaker 2  43:26
So there's there's no there's no right off. Written currently, for those that what you're saying.

Speaker 1  43:38
That's what what we concluded right beside? I mean, we you can check but like that Ronald Bluberry?

Unknown Speaker  43:50
I'm not sure by Natalie, final out. But,

Matthias Miller  43:53
Martin, I mean, Drew, let me share my screen, and you can see what we're looking at. And let me pull up the No, I think so let me let me also share this one. And

Speaker 2  44:11
well, if if nobody wrote a write off actually, to the payment, then yeah, it should still be affecting AR

Matthias Miller  44:21
like there. There is no, there's there's no blank payment row and there's no right off.

Unknown Speaker  44:27
Right, right. Yeah, no, that should be correct.

Speaker 1  44:38
So besides doing the same thing there as customer deposits, any concerns there?

Matthias Miller  44:47
No, and I just got over talking. I had a thought that would let me do this concurrently with with Leann, and at least work a little bit concurrently with Leanne. So good. Makes sense. Okay. So just

Speaker 1  45:08
real quick, we drew and I talked about this with, like undeposited funds, we have a little bit of the same thing. But the reason we're not asking you to do that there is Drew has a way to actually do the same thing where he goes into undeposited funds. But I just briefly explain how you do the same thing with undeposited funds and why why we need the size to do. It's an AR

Speaker 2  45:42
Yeah, with, with undeposited funds, I can just create a deposit for everything that's still sitting there, all the payments that are sitting there. So I'll create a deposit to some cash account or something and then journal it out. With customer deposits, I can't I can't make them go away without doing a journal entry straight to there. And that I'm really not making them go away. I'm just correcting the balance.

Speaker 1  46:15
So don't know if that's helpful. I know, Matthias, but thought it, it might be.

Speaker 1  46:28
Who does that? Does that make sense? Are we confused? Oh,

Matthias Miller  46:33
run it one more time, please. I'm sorry.

Speaker 2  46:38
So with customer with undeposited funds, those are payments that were received. So if I just go in and I just create a invalid deposit, deposit for all of those, then I get them out of undeposited funds that way, so that they're no longer there as available to be deposited later. Whereas customer deposits, I don't have something to do that. There's nothing for me to do that with. So you'd

Matthias Miller  47:15
have to go through and do write offs for everything or payments, or I don't know,

Speaker 2  47:22
enough to go into each individual invoice and each one.

Matthias Miller  47:29
I mean, would you guys rather have write offs on these to zero it out? Or something like that?

Speaker 1  47:43
You mean these ones that are like 10 cents or 45 cents?

Matthias Miller  47:47
No, the canceled sales orders and the quotes have payments on them.

Speaker 1  48:00
I mean, whatever. Whatever's clean is and causes the least amount of confusion, then 24? Because we're not? Well, we'll go back to the sales order, occasionally to look things up from the past. But as far as the accounting impact. Anything that happened in 23, we were using QuickBooks and not is whatever makes for the cleanest. 24 an assist accounting is what we prefer.

Speaker 2  48:46
So are you saying you don't necessarily need it cleaned up? In the sales orders for 23? Just the accounting for 23?

Speaker 1  49:01
Through Are you asking me? Yeah, well, no, the other way around, like in 23. When we go back into assists, we'll be looking at the sales order to say did this customer pay or did he not pay? Do we need to do a write off? Or do we not need to? But we won't be looking at 23 and seeing what was revenue for November of 23. Right?

Speaker 2  49:24
So if if Matthias had a way to correct um, to correct the sales orders, rather than just the push to accounting that would be better.

Unknown Speaker  49:42
Yeah,

Speaker 2  49:44
yeah. Go in and say this cancelled sales order. Let's just delete the payment or whatever. Like, you unnecessarily have to issue a refund because we don't really care about the accounting. We just don't want it saying that we have a payment here that we're receiving?

Matthias Miller  50:04
Well, but for historical documentation, wouldn't it be best to have a,

Speaker 2  50:08
I guess, to add a refund? Yeah, to

Matthias Miller  50:11
do a write off of a refund type of the exact amount of the payment and the date of the payment, so it comes in and out on the same day. I would prefer that I'm nervous about. I mean, yeah, you can find it in activity history. But I'm nervous about cases where there was something that happened, but there's no clue on the sales order that it did.

Speaker 2  50:34
Yeah, that would be good. Now, the whole thing, the write off the refunds, I ran into an issue, we're gonna have to reprogram that just a little bit. Because when we were writing refunds as negative payments, or discounts as negative payments, or whatever it was, it was as though we were paying the customer out of undeposited funds, because it goes, it writes a transaction, negative to undeposited funds and puts it back into accounts receivable, which it makes the accounts receivable amount direct. But the money didn't ever come out of undeposited funds, it should come from wherever we're writing the refund from, you know, the bank account. So further 23 purpose, I think just doing that will be fine, because we don't care about the accounting side. But that will clean them up. But going into 23, we're gonna have to find a better way to correct are doing in 24.

Speaker 1  51:54
So that's what you would do then on all canceled sales orders is you would leave the payment there. And just create a write off as of the same day zeroed out. And if you look at the sales order, all you would see what would be what do you see today? You see the see the payment, but you don't see the write off on the sales order? Is that what you're planning to?

Matthias Miller  52:24
Sorry, I'm planning to add a write off to all of those payments.

Speaker 1  52:34
Which Yeah, isn't that what you're? Yeah, yeah. But a write off, you can't see a write off on the sales order itself. It doesn't change right off changes the accounting perspective, but it doesn't change the sales or like, doesn't just the balance on the sales? Or?

Matthias Miller  52:51
Well, it would adjust the balance on it. I'm not sure. I'm not sure that right off server printed, but it would adjust the balance. Yeah.

Speaker 1  53:08
You're correct it adjust the balance the balance. So if we had, if we had a sales order, with a payment of $100, cancelled sales order would show the payment of 100. But it would show the balance of zero. Well, it would show the balance of $5,000 subtotal $100 payment than you do right off, it would rent with a $5,000 subtotal the $100 payment but a $5,000 remaining balance.

Speaker 1  53:50
I think you I mean, if you run into questions, don't hesitate to ask, but I think you've got a clearer picture on what Yes, goal is right? Yes. So finished goods inventory. I'll send you a file with details of all buildings finished goods inventory as of 1231. So lists will have the same number, the raw materials value, production value, and production overhead value, which will need to freeze for each building. We'll set it to enter the value that the amount is frozen. And then this amount will then need to match with the value in accounting. So if we have 100 buildings and finished goods inventory, and either the raw material value is $10 apiece, it'd be $1,000. Then we will need by the time we're done, we want that account reflect $1,000 So I'll send you that file and then we'll okay then drew will and create journal entries to zero out all of the other accounts, the asset accounts that we're using like expense accounts or capturing our actual expenses until the time we do an actual we apply actual cause that nakeds inventory thing we build out. Oh

Matthias Miller  55:41
okay, we can I,

Speaker 1  55:45
well, we're probably going to run out of time here. I was gonna say, if you have time, like something like 315 330, I would be available to go a little more in depth on this and asset management and have some examples ready for you? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:02
let's do that. I could use a quick break before my call, and then we could circle back do you want to meet on this line? I could do 315 gonna be on this line, or do you want to just call call you?

Speaker 1  56:17
This fine, fine. Yeah, let's do this. And Drew. I think if it works for you, it probably be good for you to be on as well. Unless you think there's Yeah, I think it'd be good if you beyond. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  56:32
yeah.

Matthias Miller  56:36
Cool. Awesome. All

Speaker 1  56:38
right. Well, okay, sounds good. Thank you. Awesome. Thanks.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai