Unknown Speaker  01:07
I uh, opinion

Matthias Miller  01:28
about how to go about this. I think the intersection of almost everything that we Want to do comes down to

Unknown Speaker  01:54
let's see I'm

Unknown Speaker  02:03
uh, sorry, um,

Matthias Miller  02:16
if I had to Start with a group of people, I would start with

Unknown Speaker  02:30
CEOs of

Matthias Miller  02:34
the upper End of small sized, blue collar ish types of businesses.

Unknown Speaker  02:44
I like that,

Matthias Miller  02:46
and so my thought is, it's been a while since I've done anything like this on this kind of a whim,

Unknown Speaker  02:57
but a friend of mine

Matthias Miller  02:59
has been doing micro podcasts, or micro episodes to get people on on a call. You shoot the interview 10, even just 1015, minutes. It gets put out on the podcast. They get to share it with their friends. You build all the process around that, and then it opens up the door for conversation, so you have the tagline on it, on the podcast, and the tagline can the biggest variable that can't change is the people that you're working with, because you're building a community in a tribe.

Matthias Miller  03:49
Well, I mean, or you have to go start another podcast, which is very doable. You can absolutely do that, right? But then on the on the podcast, you can talk about, here's what I like about it. It gives me a playground I can do consulting, kind of strategy, fractional CFO operations, kind of consulting. And it's basically the pitch is, if it's manufacturing, it might really work anywhere in this niche. It's, you know, get your business to run like a well oiled machine, which is this playground over here. And then there's the playground of, I'm also thinking of a down sell into a community of something like $1,000 a year,

Unknown Speaker  04:53
and

Matthias Miller  04:55
just having the down down sell into the community. Should be able to liquidate a bunch of the marketing costs of outreach and you have and these people can then be served by

Matthias Miller  05:19
monthly newsletters, and you know, all of those types of things. And then you also start building a list of people that you've ever had on the podcast, whether they've bought or not. And now you have an audience to communicate with, and you can invite them in different directions. And so if it becomes clear and working with somebody so so it allows various things like giving memberships, giving members, like hosting virtual samplers of what we're looking to do, both to members and non members. It would be possible to have member versus non member pricing if we want to do that. And once we've done virtual samplers, it is the option of doing in person events and have actually have a an audience of people who would be looking for these types of types of things. And my premise is, rightly or wrongly, but my premise is that these are the salt of the earth people.

Unknown Speaker  06:44
It's broad brush strokes. But

Matthias Miller  06:51
the big thing that keeps people out of the trades, keeps young people ego, ego in that logic is what keeps most, most young people out of the trades these days, in my opinion, considering the rising demand and that there really is a lot of opportunity in that space, because nobody wants wants it.

Matthias Miller  07:21
What are, what are? You know, I'm driving, driving to the office and thinking, Well, what's Kevin's concern going to be? Well, is the podcast debate and switch? So that's a question, or is it a genuine conversation and a genuine opportunity to engage deeper, right?

Speaker 1  07:47
Yeah, the first question for me is, and I hear you, I'm following you, just working out the details. First question is, how does this align with the overall premise that we have of union and knowing and being known? Does this get us closer to that goal? I

Unknown Speaker  08:28
That's a fair question. I don't know how to answer that.

Speaker 1  08:38
Yeah, and not that, not that you would have an answer in this moment. But can we explore you an answer, right and Talk through to a point? I

Unknown Speaker  09:20
What

Unknown Speaker  09:22
would have to be true

Unknown Speaker  09:28
about a venture experiment, something?

Matthias Miller  09:39
So it seems to me that if the podcast

Matthias Miller  09:54
that 10 to 15 minutes isn't sufficient,

Unknown Speaker  09:59
it. Okay,

Matthias Miller  10:08
for the goal to be union and knowing and being known, there has to be a fractal nature to it, such that there's a union in knowing and being known in every part of the process is people get to know us.

Matthias Miller  10:32
So the podcast, a 10 to 15 minute podcast, can't do that. A 45 minute podcast

Unknown Speaker  10:47
can get closer

Speaker 1  10:51
a season could hit the mark

Matthias Miller  11:02
With an individual or set of individuals,

Unknown Speaker  11:16
that's interesting.

Matthias Miller  11:22
I was thinking about it this morning in the shower, I did my little laser two hour, whatever, flyby shooting session with the guy, and gave him a lot of really good insights. And I'm sure this doesn't surprise you what he said. I mean, he came back and he's like, I really have no like, I'm trying. I can't think how to improve upon it. But he's like, I had to go back and listen to it, and

Unknown Speaker  11:55
I had to,

Matthias Miller  12:00
I had to take a look at different words, my attachment to my identity, that what I'd been building, because It was seemed logical, but it wasn't.

Matthias Miller  12:19
And there's every market has

Unknown Speaker  12:27
crack

Matthias Miller  12:30
and every market has in the same market has cure.

Unknown Speaker  12:35
And

Unknown Speaker  12:38
what's the difference between the two? I shoot.

Matthias Miller  12:51
Well, crack is a fix me.

Speaker 1  12:58
It's like, how come? It's like alchemy, right? The whole thing about alchemy was to turn lead into gold. It was a subverting of the process. It's a lack of patience,

Unknown Speaker  13:17
right?

Speaker 1  13:20
I think that's the difference, is patience and process.

Unknown Speaker  13:33
Yes,

Matthias Miller  13:44
it makes us too very interesting individuals to be working on a project like this together. Do you

Speaker 2  13:51
think that's become very apparent? Um, um,

Speaker 1  14:04
it's like two missionaries standing on a hill looking down into this village. The younger one, the older one, the younger one says, let's run down there and convert them all, or convert some of them. The other one says, how about we walk down and

Unknown Speaker  14:24
convert them all.

Unknown Speaker  14:39
So I

Matthias Miller  14:48
so So imagine you had a series of maybe five different people and.

Unknown Speaker  15:00
Times,

Matthias Miller  15:06
five different episodes.

Unknown Speaker  15:22
Is it done in the group?

Speaker 1  15:34
Gut feeling is there would almost have to be both. There would have to be individual, and then there would have to be group

Unknown Speaker  15:47
are the same people In the same ones.

Unknown Speaker  15:58
You almost have to be i

Matthias Miller  16:07
so that means you then have a so you have a season, you still have to have, you have some kind of selection process. I

Unknown Speaker  16:25
yes and no, yes and God, selecting them, no, and we're selecting them. I

Matthias Miller  16:49
in the god selecting them. Is this a i

Matthias Miller  17:04
Here's a list of people. I think we should invite that guy, that guy, that guy,

Unknown Speaker  17:09
and

Matthias Miller  17:16
we are the gatekeepers. Or is this a i

Matthias Miller  17:24
There was a sower who went out to sow, and he throws through seed everywhere. And this guy, this burly, smelly, loudmouth guy, comes stumbling into the darkens the the door of the building and throws things into disarray and walkable, yep,

Unknown Speaker  17:50
okay, yes,

Unknown Speaker  17:54
that's the dream. And

Speaker 3  17:58
then he's like, I don't know why I'm here, but I just felt like, I don't know.

Speaker 1  18:05
And my response would be, I don't know why you're here either, but let's find out.

Unknown Speaker  18:09
Yes, that's awesome, man. So

Matthias Miller  18:18
selection process, and then it's like a there could be something like a kickoff. Well, is it a? There's any number of ways to structure this. It could be a one on one call with everybody. No, I mean, it could be a kickoff call with everyone. Kickoff group call and like, I

Matthias Miller  18:44
one individual with everyone. Middle group call, one individual with everyone. The final call, NPS, at the end of this, really, guys, do you want to keep this going?

Unknown Speaker  19:06
And here's why wouldn't we?

Unknown Speaker  19:14
This is a lot of episodes in a season.

Speaker 1  19:22
There is a this comes to mind. There's a podcast that I've listened to for a number of years that I really like, and I'm trying to look at the name right now. I

Speaker 1  19:47
uh, Hardcore History, okay, have you ever heard of this? The guy named Dan Carlin, one

Matthias Miller  19:58
of my friends, my one of my friends. Has been talking about three hour podcast episodes, yeah, of history, and probably this or something very similar,

Speaker 1  20:07
probably some, yeah, probably very similar. But this is the best one I've seen, and it's like 40 hours of content in a season. Like he goes into the stuff, like, it's deep

Unknown Speaker  20:24
and

Speaker 1  20:27
like, that's what I envision, like This epic journey with this group of people.

Unknown Speaker  20:41
I Hmm, so then, if this is the podcast,

Speaker 3  21:22
I mean, the paid thing can just be A natural Well, I don't know what it is. I

Unknown Speaker  21:51
if we just start there,

Unknown Speaker  21:55
just with the group,

Unknown Speaker  22:00
and let Whatever happens organically happen.

Unknown Speaker  22:16
So recruit, invite, 12 people is it 12? Because it's four

Unknown Speaker  22:27
in this format, I think it might be better to have it be smaller.

Matthias Miller  22:37
Well, keep in mind that we're we're going to be attracting people who really love to vocalize themselves.

Speaker 1  22:43
Yeah, exactly. And that's, that's what, honestly, that's what you want, is people love to hear their voice, because they'll give you all the material you need. Oh, man.

Unknown Speaker  23:05
Well, and it can be very

Unknown Speaker  23:07
dude.

Matthias Miller  23:10
This is next level, because this is the kind of thing. I'm not planning to sell it like this, because I hate doing it and I hate what let me fix my thought. I hate what people do with it. But this is the kind of thing that the marketing world would absolutely eat up if you put this in a little box and said, Go, use it. I have a friend of mine who's done opsi types of stuff for years. She went into I was part of a coaching program, spent a lot of money with them. In my environment felt very toxic. I felt like Holy Spirit wanted me there. I don't know if it was right or wrong. Lost a lot of money, nothing to show for it.

Matthias Miller  24:02
She had worked there the year prior to me showing up, year two, a year or two prior to me showing up, she said it was one of the most that the culture the company was one of the most toxic companies she's ever worked for, and the owner, working for the owner, having having having him as her boss was one of the most traumatic things she ever experienced,

Matthias Miller  24:32
which is why I have another friend of mine who's been consulting with corporations on AI took a little foray into the internet marketing, digital business world, only to have all of his IP blatantly, no attempt to hide, ripped off, copied and resold, at which point he said, I'm done. I'm out of here. It's. It.

Unknown Speaker  25:06
Have we shown you this?

Unknown Speaker  25:09
Yes, yeah.

Matthias Miller  25:12
Also, another side note, somebody told me I need to update my LinkedIn profile, because age equals wisdom, especially in this light. You know, there's this white glow.

Matthias Miller  25:32
But clearly, wife doesn't my wife doesn't like if I wait for more than a week to cut my hair because of it, but I still figure it serves me well, of

Speaker 1  25:43
course it does. She here's, here's my thought, like I've always been intrigued by, I'm sure this is probably shocking, by the trailblazer, by the trendsetter, by the iconoclast, a good friend of mine. He, his father was the founder and developer of Callaway golf clubs. And he, he does Callaway. Callaway Corvettes makes carbon fiber like post production modifications on cars. I was sitting and talking with him one day, and he was talking about his his father's process, and his father's process was, I set the trend, I design. I take what's up here and turn it into something real, and everybody else can follow along, and they can copy, and they can feed down the chain. But I do what I do, and it is never discounted, and I love that. I don't care if people want to imitate what we're doing right? Because they're not us

Matthias Miller  27:07
well, and this is the boob that there is a shift that I think we're seeing in the world and in marketing and in business,

Unknown Speaker  27:15
where

Matthias Miller  27:18
personal brands are becoming more meaningful, but and the thing that can't be replicated? Well, I mean, Kevin, technically, if we used a lab, we could probably get a 60% approximation of you by forcing somebody through a series of experiences and education, but it wouldn't have the same quality and individuals are when you really consider the variables between genetics and personality and experience and choice and almost impossible to replicate, yeah, um.

Matthias Miller  28:14
All right, so here's my proposal for next steps. I spent some money on this thing because I was like he was offering discount on the first five people, and I kind of did a gut check and said, basically, screw it. Why not? He's willing to work with with I can actually bring you in on these calls. There's no reason why not to figure out what's the podcast title? They'll put together a website. They'll put together scripting help us get the first 10 guests. And Yeah, he'll probably disagree with the idea of doing long form.

Unknown Speaker  28:58
But I

Matthias Miller  29:10
uh, from a personal standpoint, pragmatic, cash driven standpoint, what I like about the the micro podcast episodes is that there is a shorter pathway, still looking at the my monthly burn and looking for me to replicate it. Maybe this is impatience. Maybe it's pragmatic problem solving. What I like about having some form of micro podcast and using that to get to get maybe a handful of fractional clients who can help. I. Provide some core financial stability while this thing develops and evolves.

Speaker 1  30:22
I let's take all of that and put it on the shelf for a second. Okay, what does your gut say? Do

Unknown Speaker  31:11
I don't know if this is good or not,

Matthias Miller  31:20
but this has come with such an urge to build like I finally found a people, and I finally Found a thing that I can do for them. I

Speaker 1  33:08
The gut check for me is, is this a Divine we process, or is this a me process? I

Speaker 2  33:20
I think that's

Speaker 1  33:24
the question we have to ask every step as we move forward. Is this partnership with the Holy Spirit, or is this me pushing it forward? I

Unknown Speaker  35:08
How do I know I

Speaker 1  35:35
I fit in with The character of God, maybe, as I explore that question, it's Not about knowing, it's about Feeling, it's

Unknown Speaker  35:56
about faith. It's

Unknown Speaker  36:45
feeling, What

Unknown Speaker  36:53
feeling, the knowing and

Speaker 1  37:04
there's this thing in front of me that I feel so compelled to do, and yet it scares me, and yet I still want to do it. I still feel compelled towards it. I

Speaker 1  37:31
am I in Union? In this situation?

Speaker 1  37:42
I think inevitably, if that's the case, we're gonna be somewhat, at least in the beginning, somewhat alone, somewhat just me and God out here in this desert. And that's scary

Unknown Speaker  38:04
until it's not.

Speaker 1  38:19
June I'm both have had millions of ideas that have come and gone over the years. Could be this thing, could be this thing, could be this thing, whatever. And then there's been those ones that have just stuck. They've stood the test of time despite any effort on our part to dive into them, to keep them alive, To whatever. It's still there. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  39:02
Can we honor that I

Unknown Speaker  40:24
What are the

Speaker 1  40:34
this is the patience and process I'm talking about that counteracts our impulsivity to allow the process to play out and

Matthias Miller  41:55
so recurring themes For myself, I

Unknown Speaker  42:34
I've been a

Matthias Miller  42:37
working with business owners at a strategic level. I

Unknown Speaker  42:47
and it's been B, I,

Matthias Miller  43:13
helping people understand themselves so that they can align the work that they do with who they are. I

Matthias Miller  43:30
it's not clear to me whether the latter interest is actually

Matthias Miller  43:40
inherent or if it's just vicariously solving for the problem I can't solve for myself. If there's any that falls into that category, this is the closest

Unknown Speaker  43:52
The other

Matthias Miller  43:54
thing that's almost like a second nature, I think I

Matthias Miller  44:10
if you think of me as a machine in Business

Unknown Speaker  44:15
or as a lung

Matthias Miller  44:21
breathe in and breathe out, input, output. If you give me business problems, I will show you what system needs to be put in place to prevent that from happening again.

Matthias Miller  44:40
And if the system doesn't work, can you tell me why? I will tell you how you need to amend the system so the system actually bends to the needs of the business. If you look at this as a relationship, in most times, I am the voice. Choice for the system that can negotiate with humans so that the system, if you will, can know and be known. It's a weird analogy, but I've become aware that I have much more. I have a multi dimensional in some cases, I don't know that it's fully organic, But life form like view of organization and structure, I

Unknown Speaker  46:29
that who You've been or who you Are.

Unknown Speaker  46:39
I I think the really intriguing thing

Unknown Speaker  47:41
you're becoming,

Unknown Speaker  47:44
not who you were. And

Unknown Speaker  48:13
so tell me if this is what you're talking about.

Matthias Miller  48:18
A call yesterday, group call. Was it mastermind. I signed up for it for 2024 which not even sure if I should have been, been in the should have signed up, not. But anyway, it's paid for.

Speaker 2  48:37
This guy spends 45 minutes talking about

Matthias Miller  48:46
the business that he's in and tired of being on a two legged stool. There's always one life that's being compromised. And there are really four of us on the call. One guy jumps in with a few questions and observations halfway through, and then finally, towards the end, I interrupted,

Unknown Speaker  49:09
because that was the only way that

Matthias Miller  49:14
anything was going to happen, right? And I had like, this is always how I work. We got like, you know, say something like, I've got, you know, four different questions thoughts for you and lay them out. Oh, well, actually, there were six. So there's the other two. And like, these are things. These are questions that are worth exploring, things that are worth considering,

Unknown Speaker  49:46
at which point he says,

Matthias Miller  49:51
winds it down a bit. It says, Yeah, that's exactly what he needed to hear.

Unknown Speaker  49:58
But there's this i.

Matthias Miller  51:07
The pragmatic question is, what is the bridge?

Unknown Speaker  51:12
Do I cut deeper?

Unknown Speaker  51:15
Do I continue the burn? I

Unknown Speaker  51:26
What is Your gutsy I

Matthias Miller  55:15
What is your opinion about larger community?

Unknown Speaker  55:20
Okay, in one sense,

Matthias Miller  55:24
of these people, this tribe, this group,

Unknown Speaker  55:31
where

Matthias Miller  55:39
just literally is about proximity with each other, and maybe one or two events a month that are specifically around. Obviously, if you have 40 people, I don't know, you can't go super deep, or maybe you cap them, maybe you cap them, and you have number of events is x divided by y, where total membership divided by most people on a call. But it's a, it is not a. It is not a it is an Ezekiel dip your toes in the water community. And yes, there are probably people there who are just there for business, just there to connect with each other, but you're giving them an opportunity to be in the same room. And even if it's on a superficial level, not superficial. I mean, even if it's just ankle deep, here's what I'm working on, here's who I'd like to connect with. Who do you know, who can help me with?

Unknown Speaker  57:00
How can we partner together to move this? How can

Matthias Miller  57:02
we partner together with this forward? So if we do something like this, I'm looking at it for myself, yeah, covering the marketing, covering my covering, paying a mortgage, if, if I have a flow of 20 people each month as an example, and half of them opt into this community, then, then we have the foundation, then, and then you need to engage. You can Okay, now this is starting to get really interesting. Imagine if you had this community, and I had a list of names and cell phone numbers, and I wake up in the morning, and whether it's me or God or Holy Spirit or any random combination, I pick a name and I dial it and Hey, what's up? What's going on? Like, how are you doing? I don't know if I would have the do. Discipline for it. I don't know if it would even work, but it has the makings of a very interesting way to engage with these people, and I'm not worried about holding the cards to my chest,

Speaker 2  58:38
because they're paying members. I And there isn't this expectation

Matthias Miller  58:54
that's not even included in the expectation of what they're getting. All they really want is to being a tribe of people that they can connect with on a professional level. And so this is just bonus time. So I don't have any any expectation, apart from podcast stuff, perhaps, or other group stuff. But I've got minimal expectation about needing to show up here at this time for this, like the time at this level, it can be extremely organic.

Speaker 1  59:34
I like the idea of a larger community, and my my feeling about the larger community is it creates a it almost goes back to the book of Acts, where it creates a system of support and resource and encouragement and belonging. Right? Everything at church was supposed to be

Unknown Speaker  1:00:09
well and ultimately

Matthias Miller  1:00:12
at at one or two grand a year. So my thought, my thought is, I think it's very, very feasible

Speaker 2  1:00:21
through the podcast to enroll, okay, I

Matthias Miller  1:00:28
to enroll. You can enroll quite a few people in a month. And and one to two grand a year is a very feasible number. And if you want to compare it to church, it is a form of

Unknown Speaker  1:00:53
tithe. If you want to call it that,

Matthias Miller  1:00:59
I like the idea of belonging. It's almost like,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:06
here's the analogy.

Matthias Miller  1:01:09
I have this little office that I have that has the brick wall and the custom clock and the water dispenser, because I want to drink a lot of water and I want to stake them on calls a lot, and my flip chart and my coffee table and my speakers and my cabinet that I can hide everything in and not have it right, atrocious. And then there's my desk that needs to be cleaned up. I mean, it doesn't look bad, but, you know, but it's, it's been structured in shape to look and feel like home. And maybe this is the Starbucks of maybe the pod podcast is the public, public home, the social gathering. Maybe the round table is the living room, private living room, home. Maybe the group membership is the Starbucks, the bridge between business and home, the the in between the space. And so what would it look like to have this community look like,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:31
feel like,

Matthias Miller  1:02:35
be, like a home. Is it complete? No, it can't be. But there's a set, there's there's a okay, if I actually lean into this, there is a set of emotions that I want to evoke when people come into the community, come into the space. I one

Speaker 2  1:03:01
of

Matthias Miller  1:03:06
belonging, one of these are my people.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:20
What are your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  1:03:25
I like it. It's getting closer.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:30
What feels off to you?

Speaker 1  1:03:33
Nothing necessarily feels off. It's almost like a you know, I need some time to process through it,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:46
because I like it. I like that idea of home. This home is not a place or a location, it's a it's an experience within relationship. And so creating a helm experience of relationship, you

Matthias Miller  1:04:15
know, what I would really like is, rather than me chase these people down is just to say I am. If this is home, I'm your brother, you can call Yes, you got a business problem. Got something tactical, you got something in tech? I don't. I might, I might have a good answer. I might not. I probably know some people, you need somebody to just verbally process and dialog with. You need Yes, I mean, and whatever. I don't care. Just call. Just pick up the phone and call. And my primary recurring. Your message is, stop doing it alone. Just pick up the phone and call. I am here for you. Yes, but once again, let's talk about pressure. I'm not being pressured to perform, to to show up and like and to show up and make sure everybody gets their phone call, and everybody meets the program expectations and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, the only thing I hear is pounding it time and time and time and time again. And I would love to, if I have this, it means I have space and I have content. I would love to go back to a monthly written newsletter that these people get that's process and digest conversations and and and the show and the like, all this stuff, and what I'm experiencing and like, it can be completely random. It's just It doesn't have to be. I can talk about the the call. I mean, like, it can be as crazy as a picture of rhodian slippers, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:06:07
great, whatever, right?

Matthias Miller  1:06:12
And people can pick and choose in that there is the reminder, pick up the phone and call, text me, or, you know, in whatever level of involvement you want, and and then, and then, from there, it's a by the way, we're taking applications for a new show or new season, not applications, but, well, I mean, it is applications. We're not telling them that they're basically de facto accepted. Or maybe we are, but, but would you like to join us and on the back end of the season, in the final call, and maybe even a POST call the post there can be one call after the final episode, which is a well, where do we go from here? What do you guys want? And let that emerge. And and they will, they will tell us, man, like, we have to have these. Okay, well, it's really good. Like, how often? What is it worth to you guys? What would you pay? And they'll, they'll put the entire thing to put together. And we really don't have to do anything except decide, are we willing to abide, you know, to follow through with whatever it is that they're asking of us. And if the answer is yes, we have a deal, and they're already pre sold, right? If you want to talk about pre selling, i

Matthias Miller  1:07:45
The community has a lot of, there you go. That's That's ripping a whole lot of

Matthias Miller  1:07:59
German and Protestant work ethic and Anabaptist, legalistic, jumping through hoops out of the picture. Yep, yeah, I could get really, really excited about that. Yeah, with some of those tweaks.

Matthias Miller  1:08:21
So then, if I have another question for you, what are your thoughts about a micro podcast that leads into the community, and the community leads into the what doesn't even have to be a micro podcast that leads into we don't we really don't care if we have openings for the macro podcast. Then it leads into the macro podcast. Either way, it also leads into the community. What do you think of having micro podcasts in the front end as as a way to get people into the invite people into the community,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:10
as a way to introduce the concept,

Matthias Miller  1:09:13
introduce the concept. And I would think that the way it's branded, the way it's labeled somewhere, there's this thread running through the whole thing, but

Matthias Miller  1:09:28
it's an introduction to the concept. It's a it's a set of a few very simple questions that help start to unpack something that's within them. Yeah, and, and,

Speaker 1  1:09:52
the thing that strikes me is there's an investigation here. There's an exploration. Who I am, what I feel, what I think. And the promise is not that I will give you answers. The promise is I will walk with you as you explore. I will be with you as you walk through this. That's what's really exciting to me. I'm sick of the answer, guys, I'm sick of being one. I'm sick of the playing of the The Answer Guy, within community, within the world, within churches, I'm sick of that. What I commit to you is to walking with you through whatever comes as a community, and that's the pledge that the community makes to each other.

Matthias Miller  1:10:51
Every part of me just wants to run with the UN mastermind brand.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:57
They say every part, yeah, this

Matthias Miller  1:10:59
is totally the, this is totally the screw you guru, yeah. Anyway, I don't like negatively positioning it against something else, because it positions it against something else, which means it kind of is positioned as something else in the process. But it's almost like the blue collar belonging. Yes,

Speaker 1  1:11:28
it really is a substitute for the bar. Every day after work, I go hang out at the bar, I have a few beers, I talk to the people who are always at the bar, and there's no, there's no, but there it's a wallowing in your issues, your problems. Here, this is no. We're with you. We're walking through it, but we're walking through it. We're not wallowing. And it's almost like a replacement for the bar. Yeah, uh, or the CrossFit club, or whatever it is that,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:07
or the church club, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:12:10
the the running club, or the the church Bible study, the home group, whatever. No, no, this is just, we are here to walk through this with you,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:22
man.

Speaker 1  1:12:28
And the tagline is, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. You

Unknown Speaker  1:12:43
that's good.

Unknown Speaker  1:12:46
I know. Just kidding I said that,

Speaker 1  1:12:57
screaming it into my ear from the time I was 13. I can't take credit for it.

Matthias Miller  1:13:05
I have a cousin who grew up in an abusive, really abusive home. God spoke to her recently, and he's like, you know your grandma from the non abusive side of your family who showed Jesus to you and taught you to love the earth and all things in it, you would never have had the experience to have gotten to know her if you had been part of any other family. And then she said she's been sending me texts like non stop for the last 24 hours. She's like nobody ever told me I just experienced the love of Jesus. Everybody has been talking about grace and living by grace, and no idea that this is what they were talking about. And her entire world has been turned upside down.

Speaker 1  1:14:01
To be fair, those people who are preaching about grace and mercy and compassion, they didn't know what they were talking about either.

Matthias Miller  1:14:10
I told her the story of West Stafford, who was in Africa and his kids were dying and his friends were dying. Then he comes to the US and sees this pharmacy full of medicine and vaccines and gets angry at the world because of these selfish people. And it was like most people don't have the opportunity to live and experience both sides, but you did, and there's no pressure for you to do anything with it, but is, it's interesting, and it's an invitation,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:48
come and see,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:50
Come and see. I love the bar.

Speaker 1  1:14:57
Yeah, or I don't know if I've said this to you before, but. So, a writer, I forget his name, early, 2000s

Unknown Speaker  1:15:07
God, what is his name? Doesn't matter.

Speaker 1  1:15:11
He writes a letter to mother, Teresa, saying how much he admires her and wants to, you know, know how she does what she does, you know, like this long letter, and she responds with a very short response. And she essentially says, Come and see, come and experience it. No, he does. There is no substitute for come and see.

Unknown Speaker  1:15:42
Yes,

Speaker 1  1:15:45
the Christian experience, by and large in our world today, is all theoretical, conceptual knowledge, but there's very little come and see.

Matthias Miller  1:15:58
Oh, and by the way, the line, the the belief that was pushed on me as a kid, which I resented and disbelieved, because the longer I went, the more flawed it became, was you can't trust experience. You can only trust the word of God like really, yeah, emotions in particular are suspect, right? Can't trust emotions. Emotions will mislead you, yeah, which makes you really easy to control, by the way, serves the system well. I mean, I should try that sometime, right? Because how I push push against your system, and let's see how emotions are not controlling you and are not trustworthy.

Speaker 1  1:16:53
I don't know. Let's get an object lesson here. Yeah,

Speaker 3  1:16:59
that really sounds like a good, productive, you know, no, whatever, yeah. End of rambles.

Speaker 1  1:17:07
No, it's, it's, yeah, I mean, there's, we have substituted experience for intellectual ascent. So intellectually assent to the fact that Jesus died for me, and he's my Savior, and all those kind of things awesome. It's absolutely necessary to at some point intellectually assent to that. But what about the experience of it? Right? And if I'm so interested in my comfort and my safety, I'm never going to put myself in a position where I can experience Him as Savior.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:59
Dude. He

Matthias Miller  1:18:19
so would you be open this podcast guy might be in for a surprise to having a chat with us, together with me, and the podcast guy about titling and yeah, okay, source, but by and large, you're comfortable. So if, if, if we have a title that's framed around, you don't need to be fixed, you need to be known, union, know and be known. And we have a micro podcast format that is a taster of that fractal in nature, a community that is a place of belonging for that, again, bite sized, ankle deep. And then we have a six seasons and shows which are knee deep, and then we have cohorts that at some point are full on immersion, ie drowning, or, you know, whatever you want to call the experience. Yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:19:50
okay, yeah, I could get extremely excited about this community thing for two

Unknown Speaker  1:19:56
decades. Okay?

Unknown Speaker  1:19:58
Well. I

Speaker 1  1:20:04
don't know what looked like. I didn't know what the manifestation was. Podcast didn't even exist at that point. But

Speaker 2  1:20:14
there's something here. Oh my goodness, something I can spend my I could actually, I

Matthias Miller  1:20:24
could actually spend my life talking to people, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:20:29
shocker, right,

Speaker 1  1:20:32
knowing people, being known by people, and as somebody who's done it for 30 years, there's nothing more rewarding, but also nothing more painful.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:48
What's the painful part?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:51
The disconnection, the refusal to be known?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:58
Yeah, the wall anger, the

Unknown Speaker  1:21:00
frustration the walls. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:21:04
a friend of mine, closer closer to mine. He's been on a separate therapy journey and nice year accident. I stepped into his life. We'd kind of been friends before, back and forth, but really said into into his life as he was going through his divorce, as a Mennonite, which is its own story.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:32
How's that for? Contradiction?

Matthias Miller  1:21:35
Doctrinal, dogma, but we

Unknown Speaker  1:21:42
were talking last night,

Matthias Miller  1:21:47
he met this individual who made some kind of weird comment, and he's like, you know, gut check flashing red lights. Come to find out that this individual group and in a horribly abusive cult, like home group, home school, big family, abusive, domestic, sexually abusive environment.

Matthias Miller  1:22:22
But has largely walled off and well walled off everything that happened, and there's no I

Matthias Miller  1:22:47
we were talking about all the folks that from where we've come from,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:52
who've stayed stuck and

Matthias Miller  1:22:59
and who've become who just accepted or out of fear or whatever they choose, to

Unknown Speaker  1:23:08
dance with the Dragon for fear of

Matthias Miller  1:23:13
the devil, they'll be nose but I think last night, it was really last night. It occurred to me in our conversation. Never occurred to me, this to me before, but I really did Escape. I

Unknown Speaker  1:23:46
a powerful statement,

Matthias Miller  1:24:01
if only people could understand truly what's on the other side of knowing and being known and of walking through the fear. And it's baffling to me sometimes, why?

Matthias Miller  1:24:20
Two wise the why I used to ask myself was, why did I not get out sooner, like some of my colleagues and friends? But then I look at some of the people who did leave sooner, and my question is, why did I keep going when they stopped? I

Unknown Speaker  1:24:44
important questions.

Matthias Miller  1:24:52
Anyway, just the start of a Wednesday, I.

Speaker 1  1:25:00
It Wednesday in October.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:03
Wednesday in October.

Matthias Miller  1:25:06
Um, all right. Well, let me get with let me get with this. This guy said it could be a couple days before he gets back. Let me get with him. And let's and I'll see about getting a time set up. They might even shoot him a little message, actually, let me do this. Let me take five to 10 minutes now just shoot, put together a little outline of what we talked about and what this thing might look like, perfect, and send it over to you. And you can mull over it. It's also something I could send over to him to take a look at it. Sounds good. Okay, Thanksgiving. All right, my friend, talk to you soon. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai