Unknown Speaker  00:31
Oh, are you? My friend? Good. How are you?

Speaker 1  00:33
I am pretty, pretty good. What time? Where in the world are you?

Unknown Speaker  00:37
I'm in Colorado.

Unknown Speaker  00:39
Oh, you're in Colorado, whereabouts,

Matthias Miller  00:40
Canyon City. So Royal Gorge is really close. Colorado Springs is an hour, got an hour southwest of there.

Speaker 1  00:49
Okay, yeah, I know where Colorado Springs is. I gave a keynote at the Broadmoor when the hailstorm came and killed the swan.

Matthias Miller  00:58
Interesting, and it was so random. What event was that?

Speaker 1  01:03
It was a, it was an industry event for like CPG companies in the beverage space. I think it was a bevnet event, and they had me come keynote on customer journey and all of it. And I'll just, I'll never forget, because I was there, and then this massive hailstorm came in. And then the whole place was somber the next day, because there was like, a million and a half dollars of damage to the hotel itself. But then one of their swans was killed, of the two. And I was, like, of all times that I could be here, it's in, like, this horrific hailstorm. And I was like, Okay, got it. I'm like, but you guys have some epic hail in Colorado? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  01:42
we do, yeah. I mean, roofers love Colorado Springs.

Speaker 1  01:47
Oh yeah. It's crazy, because we almost moved to Boulder too, instead of Montana. And glad I'm in Montana, but I even remember, like, I'd be in Boulder, and I'm like, every car just had nicks and dings and cracked windshields. And I was like, Yeah, you know, I'm not in for this hail life.

Matthias Miller  02:03
We, we that's one of the things I love where we're at. So the thing that I miss the most sometimes is being in a rural community. Well, anywhere it's, it's, it's across the board, being in a rural community. Being in the space that I'm in, being the kind of person that I am, you have to be pretty intentional about finding your tribe.

Unknown Speaker  02:28
Yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  02:31
But we are in so Canyon City is like, 16,000 people. It's got small town feel, and but, and then we're, like, right next to the river. We've got all kinds of outdoor activities, and it's one of the most moderate climates in Colorado, so we miss the hail storms winter. It like snow stays around for a day and it's, it's gone, gone by day two or three. Yeah? So there's a lot to love.

Speaker 1  03:01
Yeah, I'm the same in Montana, because we're in Whitefish, and everyone assumes Montana is like, death in the winter, but we're in a valley, like Salt Lake, and so the mountains catch all the snow. So like, I'm like, yeah, the mountain will get seven feet. I've never had more than the foot in my yard. And everybody looks up the weather, and they look up eastern Montana, which has like, negative 50 weeks, and I'm like, no, no, we have one week a year that's negative, and there's no humidity. So it's not, it's not like I'm dying I wear shorts all winter, except for when I'm snowboarding, and they're like, oh, and then the summers are high. Is like 88 but every night it gets down to 50. So like, no matter what, it always cools off, and there's, like, a big swing, and I'm like, we got four full seasons. I got lakes, I got hiking, I can snowboard. I got the Northern Lights, like, two, three times a month. Like, I'm like, No, we're like, we're cooking. Except Montana went from, like, five years ago, where I lived, to, like, one of the most affordable places to live to now the number one because of that amazing show Yellowstone, and everybody moving from covid. And so, like, house prices went up like 400% in the last like couple years. And so that's the only downside.

Matthias Miller  04:15
Well, hopefully you cashed in before all of that.

Speaker 1  04:20
We We didn't buy in Montana, we sold in Cali, and then then we cash stacked, and then we rented. And then, you know, I'm going through a divorce with my ex, but we still live together, and we're co parenting, but in the process, it got pretty, pretty gnarly for us to heal, and we accrued, like a lot of dad in the business kind of got decimated, and so I'm like, rebuilding piece by piece, but like, now we're in the best place, like, nothing but love. Like she's one of my dear friends, my she knows I'm in a relationship. My partner knows her. Like we have the kids at the forefront and center. And I'm like, Yeah, I'm not going to throw 13 years in the trash, like we did this together. And like, I'm going to. Stand for love for my kids, but there was, like, there was a tumultuous season, and I'm just kind of just having gratitude and belief that God just removed things from me, and he's like, there's something coming in the future. Just keep going. And so just staying in that faith has been pretty, pretty big. But, yeah, I didn't cash in but, you know, just feel like all of it happens for a reason and a purpose, and just keep showing up. Yeah, it's

Matthias Miller  05:23
very true. It's very true.

Speaker 1  05:26
Yeah. So what it I went to your I went to your website. What is it? What is it that you do? I love your copy, by the way, but I was like, looking through it. I'm like, How'd you get into this? Where? Like, where, how do we get to here?

Speaker 2  05:41
Well, let's answer this. Those are two very different questions. Well, they are connected, but different questions. So let's start with the what do you do?

Matthias Miller  05:53
I am smack dab in the middle of a massive reinvention, and most of which you see on the copy. It's not where I'm even planning to go, take out, yeah, where I want to go. I have a business partner on this new venture, and we're working it out. I think I actually have a plan that I can pull the trigger on and just run like crazy, and I am after, after going deep, a lot of undoing, lot of internal work. And it's not over No, but nor should it be

Unknown Speaker  06:35
no no, but

Matthias Miller  06:38
after a lot of that, it feels really good to have something that I'm like, No, this could be incredibly aligned for the next season. And the builder in me is just absolutely amped about like, this thing I really feel has momentum. So where we want to go is imagine a space, a space predominantly for blue collar type CEOs, for them to be, for them to have a place to call home. So there's a community level. And the core premise is that you're not here to be fixed, you're here to be known. And what I want to do is have a annual membership model where it's literally yes, there's a few things to do, like networking, perhaps, and I want to go back into writing monthly newsletters. I love that, but the pitch is always if you're in the community, call me, text me, let's talk. I'm here for you. I have crazy experience in weird spaces. I value money. Has never been, has never been the number one driving factor, but I've had just, I mean, yeah, I care about because it's interesting, but it's like, some of the friendships and connections that I have and have been emerging is just like, like a lot of some in particular, I don't even talk about really beyond close friends, because most people would look at them and be, I don't know. There's all this attachment that people have to like, Oh, they're super successful. Like, oh, like, I don't care. So, yeah, um. And so I have this weird, eclectic life experience. I've hated myself for not being able to narrow down, and then I come back like, wow, I have a wealth of I've gone deep into accounting, I've gone deep into sales, I've gone deep into marketing, I've gone deep into strategy. I've gone deep into inner work and people and personality and spirituality. And who are you and I like so I it alright. So imagine a membership where we can just do that like, literally like, and if it's just to show up and you want to rant about, I mean, we're not going to wallow. But if you need a place to rant about something and get something off your chest and hear yourself thinking out loud, like we could do that, if there's people you need to get connected with. I have friends who know friends, and it's really easily, easy to get a really good law firm when you need it, or, you know, whatever the case is. So that's that. Then the next level in is a podcast season driven with the cohort of these guys. And it's all centered around curiosity of who are you and what do you think about? What are your questions? What's like? Where like, just exploration. Let's get to know each other. And this becomes a podcast that this is the end, and at the end of this, we don't know what it looks like, but it's a cohort. It's it's a little bit where the red. Roundtable was it just was not we jumped. I jumped again, really. And eventually I imagine this turning into a cohort where the world is obsessed, which I've been learning, and keep learning, the world is obsessed with giving answers, including church Yep, and there's no safe space. There's few safe spaces for the intellectually curious and the skeptics. And the more successful you become, the less chances you have of being in a an environment where people are not there to extract something from you. So that's the goal. Is then private cohorts that have carries in that culture. That's that's where I see myself. I see myself. See my partner and I business partner and I going, and I had a 30 minute rant, not rant, but like, offload to my assistant. Of like, this is what I see coming and like, she's like, cool, like, I'm excited for you. And it's anyway, it's, how did I get here?

Speaker 1  11:25
I think, I think you kind of filled that in, because you The similarities are kind of like mind blowing, right? Like there's this toolbox between our legs that has every multi tool and every tool you can imagine, and then now it's figuring out the bucket to get somebody to an outcome and apply them all, because there's so many nuances and paths on there. And I love that. I love that vision too. Because, you know, I coach a lot of, you know, seven and eight figure entrepreneurs, and the everything's shifting right now, like everything buying cycles are getting longer. Content is really no more, not valuable anymore, because of the rise of AI and access to information, right? It's it's community, it's integration, and it's connection, right? Like, people want to know that there's some semblance of, like, an outcome on the other side of this, and even with what you shared, like the tying it in the community to then having a podcast featuring the cohorts, having a safe space, especially for like, you know, probably what's going to be primarily men driven to be seen, to be known, to have like that. You know, John Weinland is one of my men's coaches, but like, that area of like, just to be witnessed by men, and that safe space of like, that's where the big breakthroughs come, from the self isolation to the pressure that they put on themselves to be the provider or the protector, you know, the connector, yeah, and from a speed of execution thing, like, relatively, relatively easy, and then baked in marketing by having the people in the cohort on the podcast, and then them wanting to share the podcast with their networks because they're featured, to then having the community come In, like, that's a good idea. I love that. So when are you doing it?

Matthias Miller  13:04
I'm working on it like I'm waiting for I just again. It's serendipity. You know how this stuff works? I do so yesterday, yesterday morning, I saw a post this guy's like, so I've been thinking about a podcast with this whole thing and, like, what is it? I don't know what, and called a friend last week, and she's like, bouncing stuff around, and she's like, she's some names. I see a post on Facebook about this guy who's in my circles and and reach out to I was like, this looks really interesting. Reached out, got on a call, and I'm like, after years of searching and being an impulse buyer. In my searching, I have conditioned myself away from this, but it was like, no, like, this is totally what I'm looking for. And so just waiting, just waiting a couple days to connect with him and start laying the groundwork. But like for me, it's go time, like we're going to work with him, figure out the podcast brand, get the podcast stuff up. Start and and start. Start booking. Start, start booking. Folks start, start getting conversations. Start filling the community like, it's to me, it's go time. Like, yeah, directly, yeah.

Speaker 1  14:23
And speed is so easy now with tech and tools and, you know, being able to get this thing going, because you just basically nail the brand, and then it's time to record and publish, yeah, yeah. And then do you? Do you have an existing community already that you're going to leverage?

Matthias Miller  14:39
No no, so yeah. Fronted lead gen is going to be micro. It was going to be a podcast with micro episodes.

Speaker 1  14:47
Micro meaning like, how, how big? 10 to 15 minutes. Yeah, that's the sweet spot. I It's the reason on my show. Like, I do two shows a week, but the Monday show is typically 20 to 30. Minutes, and the Friday show is the long one with the interview, because I have two different listeners to the podcast. I got people who only listen to Friday, and then people who only listen to Monday, but that like micro show, especially around, like endowment and building consistency around the habit, like it's such a small dose for people. And I've been playing with this idea forever, like I was even considering launching a second show of like, a daily that's like, a five minute like, hot seat of like, because we got so many questions, and I coach so many people that I'm like, here's this perspective, here's this perspective. And like, it's one of those things, like, because in our community, like, we have $100 a month community that used to be my 10k a month mastermind, and I do so much content in there, like live calls, hot seats, but even on Fridays, I do, like, what's called a drop or I just share like 110 minute, 15 minute, and we're even splitting those up now into like that 10 minute one is coming on Friday, but on Monday, there's like a two minute one, and on Wednesday, there's like a two minute one that leads into Friday, just so there's more touch points frequently throughout that, that experience. Yeah, that's a really good idea. So,

Matthias Miller  16:17
so you're, you're doing more, you want to do more of that.

Speaker 1  16:22
I'm considering, like, it's always kind of been on the on the radar, like our podcast, you know, like, I'm the king of no virality. I think in my whole career doing this, like 15 years, I've had one video go viral, and it got like 8 million views on Facebook, and it's when I was a food blogger. And the one thing I didn't talk about was food. I talked about my journey of bulimia and overcoming eating disorders, and it popped, right? And everything else, I'm like, the king of consistency, right? And so with the podcast, you know, we get a lot of feedback, you know, because we ask all the time. I'm so connected to my audience, where I'm like, Hey, how's this feeling? How's this feeling, but I try so many different things just to see what serves and what resonates, and it's been in the back burner for like, a hot minute. But it's almost like I also look at the the workload. Like, yeah, it's really, really easy to like, batch those things. But also, like, even with my current show, I'm never more than two three weeks out, because I feel like it dates itself, and I want to share, like, current times and current pieces, and so I think it's just something, an idea that we're playing with, like, right now, I'm just focused on, you know, our events. We have another event in 30 days where, you know, we're basically anti niche and anti revenue. Because when my events happen, they're basically from startup to billionaire in the room. Like, I've had a billionaire in the room and somebody who's three weeks into business learning the same principles, because I teach frameworks and integrating them, and I used to do big hotel rooms. And like, I was like, No, this is missing the heart for me. Like, I want to feel connected. And so now, like, I rent Airbnbs. We cap it at 25 and I charge basically cost for the tickets. Like, the one coming up in November is three full days. And it's not like, event event. It's like, masterminding and teaching with integration for three days with me and two other, like, of the best marketing and mindset coaches. And it's like, 10 hours a day. It's $1,000 yeah. And it's like, no, no. Like, let's put this into practice, like, right now. Like, let's move the needle in your business. Let's shift your perspective. Let's like, look that this is a current state, and be like, where do you want to be in 90 days? Like, where do you want to be in 120 days, right? And so I live in this really interesting world where, like, 80 plus percent of my audience is not my ideal client yet, but I'm giving them everything to become my ideal client, you know, because I do mostly everything is one on one coaching or one on one consulting. And so it's, you know, five grand a month at the low end for coaching. But then the only other thing is $100 a month membership. And then everything before that is my social, my podcast, my everything. And so it's this really interesting world. And so yeah, because I prefer depth over width, right? Like, I love being in my one on one clients, and like, I feel like I own a part of their business, but nobody knows I exist. And so I'm like, in the weeds with their customer journey and in their marketing and in their messaging and in the systems, and then in helping them make genius models. Like, it's just like you. It's not like this one tool that's like, no, no, I have everything, and I'm a black belt in Lean Six Sigma, and I've scaled two companies to a billion. I've consulted everybody from adidas to professional athletes, and I'm like, but I have a soft spot for entrepreneurs. So like, let's just Robin Hood marketing. I learned all these lessons. Let's apply them to your business. And that's kind of the world that I live in now. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  19:45
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  19:49
that was a long winded answer to do you want to do that? I don't

Matthias Miller  19:53
know yet. It's a very interesting model. Because I think one of the fascinating things about business. Is so one of the businesses I worked with is boys and sawmill. And I can't remember the specific details. It's obnoxiously vague, but they were creating pellets or something like that out of their sawdust. Yeah, they got these people. Somebody came to them and said, No, you can't do this. It's not going to work. And they had this massive kiln or furnace, or I don't know what it is, and they're, they're have this sawdust byproduct that they're creating, and it's working. And they're extremely innovative with what they're doing. They also invented one of John Deere or, yeah, one of John Deere, earth moving vlogging equipment and got cereal number one on site, which tells you a little bit about the kind of people they are, but you're doing exactly the same thing, which is, Where is the waste in the business? The waste is, there's all these hot states that are only benefiting one person. They're there and they're not being utilized. And let's go share that with people who can benefit and become who you need to know, who they need to be.

Speaker 1  21:16
Yeah, it's really interesting too, because, you know, like, I never set out to be an entrepreneur, like I was a Marine for 13 years, and my whole life was, I'm going to do 30 years and retire, because I left homelessness. I left, you know, drug abuse, physical abuse, sexual abuse, and the Marine Corps was like, my safety net, right? And I was like, that was it. There was there was nothing else. And around year 13, they're like, we're going to medically separate you because I had seven traumatic brain injuries and almost lost my legs, and, you know, been shot and had shrapnel and all these things. And so they're like, we're done, and I'm like, Huh, what? Luckily, I was bulimic, and when I was in Afghanistan, I lost my dad to cancer after archduce relationship. Didn't talk to my mom for 15 years. And then I lost like 28 Marines to suicide after we came home, and it like really broke me, and I realized I was just committing slow suicide after already being an addict and attempting my life. And I was like, I need to heal. Like I don't want to be bulimic as like a dude and have all these issues. So I was like, I need accountability. And I was like, if I teach myself how to cook and I just post it on the internet, it'll hold me accountable. Nobody will know what I'm doing. So I did that as I was a Marine, and then when they discharged me, I became a food blogger, not because I said I didn't even know how to cook. And then I did that, became a New York Times bestseller, number one app in the world, had millions of followers, like 6 million uniques a month on my website, and then healed and was like, I don't like cooking. What am I doing? And then basically, like, my identity was that brand, like I was hiding from my ex wife and my kids, like my identity was social media. I was, like, emotionally available to everybody online, except the people that mattered. Drank ayahuasca, one of 20 times, you know, met God, came home to God in a very healthy way, not my childhood way of like, yes, like, Thank you for welcoming me back. And in 24 hours, I gave away that seven figure company as a Christmas present to a friend, and I walked away. I deleted social media, deleted my email, changed my phone number, and I disappeared for three years, and in the process, all the companies that I was an affiliate for were like, hey, like, what are you doing? I'm like, I don't know. And they're like, how did you do that? And I was like, do what they're like, how did you add 500,000 followers when the algorithm changed? And we can't figure it out. So all these companies that I worked with, like Vital Proteins called and said, Can you help us with our product? And that's how I accidentally became a consultant. Yeah. And so like, no school, no books, no nothing, just like in the mud and in the trenches. And the one thing was always relationships for me, like my tagline, relationship, speed algorithms. And then a couple years later, I read the book The Go Giver. And then Bob Berg became a friend of mine, and he's like, Do you not realize that your whole life, you just kind of operated like this? And I'm like, No, I didn't. I didn't at all. And I genuinely believe that, like, even in this relationship, which I'm blessed that we're even connecting, is like, even if there was ever a chance for me to work with somebody, I have a belief that you have to win before I do, like, it's just how I operate. I'm like, no, no. How can I help you? How can I serve you? Like, how can I support you? And even in tears the other day, because, like, you know, navigating a divorce and being accused of things you didn't do, and then, like, being in debt that you've never had before, and going from liquid millionaire to nothing. And then I'm like, oh, yeah, but Millionaire is not a number in your account. It's a state of being right, like it's you've done it before, you've done it again. And I was crying the other day, and I was like, God. I was like, reflecting on my whole life, and I was like, every single thing I've ever done in business has been on the back end of a relationship, every client, every win, every app, every every accolade was because of a relationship. That I had, like, my entire business has been referral based, based on quality of relationships, and it's just something that I crave, because I crave connection, and that connection also holds me accountable, because I can't go run and hide. I can't go be a victim to, you know, my trauma, and all the inner work that I do and I teach and like, even with me. Like, NLP, hypnosis, breath work, men's work, consciousness facilitator. And I even did that to hide. I'm like, Oh, I teach it. I don't have to do it, right? Like, no. Like, that's why I teach it to you, right? And then God's like, Really, okay, cool, let me take it all away and force you to do it. Yeah. And now it's like, this, like, I love that the world holds me accountable to being the best version of myself, regardless of how I feel, because I just crave depth and connection with so many people. That's kind of how I built all my businesses.

Matthias Miller  25:48
Wow. So when you gave your company away and you disappeared for three years, how did food show up on the table, did you have

Speaker 1  26:02
assets? To be really, really blunt with you, when I gave it away, we were three weeks away from bankruptcy because I was driving in the dirt like the company was generating, you know, like 100 grand a month, easily, and I was spending all of it my ex wife, soon to be ex wife, was eight months pregnant, and everybody, every mentor, every person her, were like, You can't do this. And I was like, I have to do this. Like, I have to like, I know, I literally gave it away. And I called Josh Trent. I was like, listen, bro, this is going to sound like the craziest thing ever, but you have an audience like mine. You're an incredible man. I love you to pieces. I want to give you this in the next 24 hours. I never want to hear about it again. Never want to speak about it again. Like, I'm done. And I sat and like, that's when Dark Night of the Soul started. Like, that's when, like, things got really, really, really dark. But then two weeks later, Jim quit called me, and he's like, bro, I miss you. And I was like, I miss you, man. And then Sean Stevenson called me big one, not little one, passed away. Rest in peace. And they're like, Hey, we're all getting together at Jim's house. We'd love to see you. I didn't know it was a mastermind, but they basically collected, like, 22 entrepreneurs, Aubrey, Marcus, Tucker, Max Jim, Michael Fishman, all of them. And I went up there, and, you know, everyone's like, Oh, my business is great. I'm like, I'm like, borderline suicidal again, even though I won't do it, and none of them even, like acknowledge me. They just placated me. And then this is so crazy, Tucker, somebody asked a question about Facebook marketing, and Tucker answered it. And I was like, Tucker, that's the dumbest answer I've ever heard. And he's like, What would you do? And I was like, I won't tell you what I would do. I'll tell you what I did do. I took like, five minutes to map it out on a whiteboard, and then nobody responded, and everyone was just quiet. So I sat down, and they're like, What are you doing? And I was like, well, apparently you guys don't like it. They're like, No, no, no, it doesn't make sense. Go up there again and take an hour. So I spent an hour, like, teaching them everything I'd done, and then there were 22 people in the room, and 20 of them hired me, and I didn't even know you could get paid to teach people things. And that's the day I became a consultant. And then Michael Fishman's like, Hey, I'd love for you to come teach this at my consumer health summit. And I was like, okay, when I walk into a room of like, the CEO of Rodale Men's Health twin labs, you know, Dave Asprey, people I'd already, already known, but I gave this talk, and quite frankly, offended a lot of people, because nine years ago, I'm, like, if you don't care about your customers, you're gonna go to a business stop being a douchebag. Was basically, like, the premise of the talk. And then I split the room down the middle, and like, half of them hired me, and then they brought me in to help scale their companies. And like, within three, four weeks, I was, you know, charging $2,500 a day, not knowing, I just made up a number. And then Tucker and I got really drunk one night, back when I used to drink, and he called me a pansy. And he's like, I bet you won't double your price till somebody says no. And I, like, had a heart attack. And I'm like, Yeah, okay. And so every sales call from that point on, it was like, five grand a day, 10 grand a day, 20 grand a day, and no one said no until I hit 50 grand a day. And that's literally how I became a consultant. So I went from nothing to, like, six months later, charging 3040, grand a day in six months with no background in anything except my own experience. And then I've been basically going through that process. I don't charge that anymore, like, I'll help anybody, right? We'll find a number that makes it work. But that was like at the pinnacle of it, and that's how I generated revenue, and basically went so it's a big leap of faith.

Unknown Speaker  29:32
So I

Unknown Speaker  29:44
What was the, what was the, what was the wake up call that made you go work on the inside?

Unknown Speaker  29:56
It's a great question. I'm glad you asked. I. Yeah, the truth was, it was my son. It was my son.

Speaker 1  30:05
My ex wife had already left me, like three or four times, and I didn't realize about all my addictions and all of it, but there was, there were, like, two big moments. One of them was like, That night I drank ayahuasca, I went through, like, the worst ego death of my life, and got to face all my addictions and realized I was just like my parents. I was just changing the wrapping paper, and I paper, and I was like, oh, it's not drugs and alcohol. No, it's opiates and numbing, right? And there was, like, this kind of, for lack of better terms, come to Jesus moment. But that still wasn't enough. And the big one was me really, really acknowledging that I claim to care about my life and want to live, but yet I was basically committing slow suicide every day, and it was this really, really hard, hard kind of look in the mirror of, like, being really honest with myself that, like, I wanted to live, but I didn't know how to live, and there was no way I could muscle my way through this as a survivor anymore. Like there wasn't, like, this homeless kid, like there was this, like, nothing's worked, like I've tried everything, I've done everything, and it was just like this massive surrender. And I'm like, okay, like, I'm just open, and I dove in hard. I mean, I'd never read a book in my life until I was maybe, you know, probably like 2015 2016 you know, like 3132 years old, and the last, I don't know, nine years, I've probably read 2000 books, and I've done every ounce of men's work and personal development work and all of it. And even when I did personal development, I cheated my way through it, and I got voted the autograph, but I lied. I did everything but the community service project. And I was like, No, I won. Look like I won, right? Because everything was about survival. And it wasn't like these this one moment. It was really like a collection of them. And the big catalysts were, like, every time I get a phone call, like, another one of my Marines committed suicide, and like, it just, like, ripped me to pieces. And it just like, was like, over and over and over again, and I'm like, okay, I get to live. And I'd say that the journey still continues. Because, you know, even two years ago, I was 100 pounds heavier, and I've been a competitive athlete most of my life, like Marine Corps, CrossFit, kettlebells, all of it, but I was living this like emotional lie, and when I told my ex that she was right, and like, we shouldn't be married, I lost 40 pounds in 30 days from, like, living Integris Lee, and now I have a six pack at 40, which I didn't even think it was possible. But it wasn't with force. It was really like, with this deep surrender. And even this season right now, of like, in the last couple weeks, like two of my best one on one clients all had, like, big things happen in the business, and they're like, you're in forever. You're a partner. And that's not how business works. And, you know, in the last two weeks, just kicked in the nuts, and I'm like, Oh, I get to feel my feelings, right? Like, I get to feel these, acknowledge that these are okay, and then pick up the shovel and, like, kind of start digging. And, like, I joke with myself, like, when you ask God to move mountains. You wake up with a shovel. Yeah, and yeah. So there were just some some catalytic moments like that. And there's one big one that happened with my son. He was probably like, and it's such a small moment, but it really shifted me. It was probably like, a year and a half, and I was, like, functional on paper, right? Like I was crushing in business, but I was 270, pounds at five, seven like and no one said anything to me, and I was basically like a ticking time bomb. And he was in my office, and he dropped one of my crystals on the floor, and it broke the floor plate, and the moment it broke, he looked at me for my reaction. I made a face, and he broke down in tears, and I realized there was so much anger and rage inside of me and that I just, like, permanently installed this fear in him, not even with words, like, just with how I looked. And that moment, like, broke me, broke me open, and I was like, never again. Like, never, never, never again. Like, if, if there's anything, like, the money doesn't matter, the business doesn't matter, but like me as a father, like matters. And so it shifted a ton and then I became obsessed with, like myself love. Because really, that's what it really, really boiled down to, is I was trying to heal so that everybody else would see me a certain way, instead of healing so that I saw myself, you know, in in self love and self acceptance and like pride from like, a place of like, not the results, not the things I say, not what I've created, not my accolades, but like, genuinely like, when I wake up, like, Is my heart Happy, and that was the biggest thing for me. I

Unknown Speaker  34:44
You're pretty polarizing, yeah, man,

Speaker 1  34:46
I just want to tell everybody, imagine what's like inside my head. I shared the safest parts with you. Like, I spent a lot of time in reflection, but that's why I have a podcast. Like, it feels like, like the reason i. Do so much content, and I make so many videos, and I'm so authentic, is it? It feels like sobriety, like it feels like I'm not alone, to be able to share and not put it in a framework, just like, hey, like, here's how I'm feeling, here's how I'm experiencing the world, like, Here's what's coming up for me. Because I think, you know, one of the traps I fell into for years was thinking that I was alone, and like, I did a video yesterday just on, like, calling myself out, of, like, not leaning into my community for support and being called out. And I got so many DMS last night and so many comments on that video of, like, stop calling me out. I didn't stop. How'd you know you were in my head? And I'm like, God, there's just, like, this level of connection missing, and it's what I crave.

Unknown Speaker  35:42
So

Matthias Miller  35:48
creating systems and frameworks have been a way for you to bring structure and order into a very chaotic world for you and make sense of the world, even my

Speaker 1  36:00
customer journey models, man. Like, here's what's crazy. Like, I have one customer journey model that I've used to scale every business, right? Like, I'll teach it to you for free. I don't care. Like, use it in your business, but it's like, my five steps to be able to give agency to whoever we're serving and allow them the ingredients to take action. Everyone's like, dude, these are genius. I'm like, Guys, I didn't make these for your customers. This is how I beat my addiction, like, this is how I held myself accountable. And they're like, Dude, you have psychological principles in these like seating and neuro linguistic programming. I'm like, yeah, why do you think I learned all those things? Why do you think I read the DSM cover to cover? Like, nobody could help me. I was eating my therapist for breakfast because I was like, Matt Damon and good bull hunting. I'm like, Oh, you want to play? I'll play with you. And then a few of my psychologists became my clients. We reverse hired. And then I was like, No guys, those models like, even the mistakes that I teach people, that they make. I was like, those are the mistakes I made on myself that prevented me from being happy and healthy. And so all those frameworks gave me like, reminders and daily accountability, to be consistent with them, to be able to thrive and function through all of it. And I'm like, and it's no different than somebody we're helping in business that's in pain, right? It's not the information, it's the application of it consistently over time that allows them to shift and grow. So that's even where most of the models came from, they were like looking in the mirror.

Matthias Miller  37:23
So another question that really has me curious, but what is it like in your head?

Speaker 1  37:33
Now? It's really, really peaceful. Now, you know, I had a I had a shaman in Costa Rica, who actually my ex wife is sitting with right now in Michigan. Kind of mind blowing timing. When I went down to do ayahuasca, he wouldn't let me drink the medicine, and he looked me dead in the eye, and he said, Because you have no purpose for your life. And I was like, well, that's why I'm here. He's like, no, no, that's not how it works. And I was like, well, where the hell am I supposed to find that? And I was like, angry, right? Yelling rage, like, and I'm like, Do you know what I used to do? Like, do you know the skill set I have? Like, I want to, like, choke slammy right now? And I was livid, livid with him. And and Brad nature, super calm, looked me dead in the eye, and he's like, your biggest challenge is you've never been quiet enough to hear God's whispers. And I was like, what does that mean, right? And he's like, I just want you to write this down on a piece of paper. Like, what's my purpose in life, and come back and see me when you have an answer. And I went to my room, and it took days. I was crying, I was angry, I was yelling. I ended up like releasing so much pent up energy, and I passed out eventually, from exhaustion, I woke up the next day, and all I wrote on a piece of paper was to stand with structure in the face of resistance to create possibility, and it made my whole life make sense. And that's why my branding is a lighthouse, and that's why it's a lighthouse. Like lighthouses don't move, but they consistently shine light to guide people home when they pick up the phone right when they take agency. And so he gave me the power of this stillness practice, and I remember like I couldn't sit still for 30 seconds, like I couldn't be with my thoughts. I couldn't be without a distraction. And over the years, it's been something that's been probably the most profound muscle of mine is like every morning, barefoot in the grass, staring at the clouds, like just being present. And I've spent my life like most of my adult life, like rewriting trauma and remapping my brain and from my unconscious to my conscience. And now, now it's relatively calm and clear, but it's also slippery, like, really, really quickly. And so like, even last week, when, you know, two clients left, right, I'm like, dry heaving with my girlfriend. I'm like, an emotional purging, and then, you know, like, three hours later. I was like, sending them a message of gratitude. And I was like, well, thank you, and I love you, and we're family, and I'll support you any way that I can. And she looked at me, and she's like, how do you do that? And I was like, do what? And I was like, wow, I actually have done the work. Because that used to be a six month spiral like self sabotage and boom, boom, boom. And it's just to your point earlier. There's no finish line, right? It's just finding the new triggers and finding the the entry points and then, like, remapping them. And so now it's just relatively using the tools that I have to get back into my body and get back into my present moment and have gratitude for where I am and then be like, okay, cool. Well, it's not coming back, so what am I going to do about it? And like, kind of just intentionally rewriting the narrative on the inside of my brain over and over and over and over again. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:51
so how it sounds to me like you're a person who lives life at the just at the edge.

Speaker 1  41:03
I was, I was like, I crave, I crave, like, peace and stillness and space. Now, like most people think I'm this, like, big extrovert, like, they're like, you go into a room and you talk to everybody. I'm like, if you saw me in my natural state, I'm in the corner just staring at the wall. Like, I I do that because I also feel like connecting with people holds me accountable to not hiding. And I feel like my purpose in life, like God gave me my life and the things that I've experienced so that no one else feels alone in what they're feeling and like, I was even, you know, in tears when I came home and was rebaptized by choice. And my CEO, she's a big, big, you know, believer in Christ and and I was like, Why me? Like, why me? Like, why do people say they feel love from God when they're in my presence? I'm like, I am the least, least qualified candidate, and she just starts whipping out verse after verse after story after story, and then the running joke is, I'm like, God's Terry Tate for the devil, because nobody expects the tattooed guy who had a pink Mohawk last week and had this story to be like, Oh, and by the way, I love God. And you know, it's been, it's been like a daily Act of, like, surrender. And I feel like, even in the last couple of weeks, like the moments that come, like the brain starts ruminating, but they're really an invitation for me to get on my knees and, like, just to really stay humble and have trust and faith and like, even take calls like this, and just connect and serve and be of service. And now I just really, really crave quality time with people I love, and I love creating that for other people. Like, you know, even, even my events, like, it's so much about space and everybody being seen. And I'm like, I can give you every framework that you need. I'll give you every marketing framework, every messaging framework I'm like, but let's be honest, right? Like, it's not the frameworks, it's us and how we use them and how we implement them, and like, what's underneath them that makes the biggest difference, right? And so I was an edge guy, right? Skydiver, extreme sports, fast motorcycles, fast cars. Now I drive a Subaru Outback wilderness, like a liberal lesbian car from Washington, and the only thing that I have is my guns and my clothes, and I'm like the happiest I've ever been, because I'm not cluttered with stuff and hiding my identity and all these different different things, And I crave like slowness and stillness now. Wow. Wow. Wow, fascinating.

Speaker 1  43:51
Man, you ask really good questions, by the way, too, the podcast gonna be good.

Matthias Miller  43:59
I'm excited for it, man. I mean, my questions, but

Speaker 1  44:04
I get, I get interviewed a ton, and I'm like, no, no. Like, this is these are good. Like, these are good. I'm like, no, no, these ones. These ones cut to the soul.

Matthias Miller  44:13
So, I mean, another question, just a little commentary on that. Not this is really not part of my story that I enjoy sharing all that much, but it's part of it, and it was only until this weekend, when I really had a wake up call, and I was like, you know, I grew up, in what almost everyone would understand to be one of the most legalistic groups of Christianity in the US I grew up Amish. I. I wrote software coming out of high school. He was by 45 the top banks in the US. I encountered the Holy Spirit in the the hearing his voice and all of that when I was probably 18 or 19, and then spent the next 15 years, trying to save the people that I was a part of, and trying to disentangle myself from all of that, all of that. And I was talking to my therapist, slash spiritual director about this, and you he made this observation. He's like, Do you know why you're good at asking questions? I was like, what? Yeah. He's like, because you were in the pressure pressure cooker, where you could not argue, but you could ask questions, and you could ask anyway. And he said that, and I was like, yeah, he's 100% correct. And I drove people crazy with the questions that I asked, because I asked I had to ask questions. I saw the thing behind the thing, and I had to ask questions to bring it to the forefront. I couldn't just let it but I also couldn't get into an argument, because neither of us won, and they wouldn't hear me, and they started to dismiss me. But I know questions burn in people's minds, so that's a little so thanks. Thanks for that. That's

Speaker 1  46:37
powerful, man. It's your story too. Like even that, I have two dear friends that were just at my event, and I didn't find out till the event. Her and him grew up Amish in Canada, and till they were like, 23 and then they took a big stand, and they have the most loving, communicative, connected family of family of faith, and are so successful. And I was like, you guys, like, get to share this. Like, I was even friends with this woman named Megan, who was part of Westboro Baptist Church, and we became friends on Twitter back when I was a food blogger, because she was paleo. And I, like, got to talk to her. And I was like, Girl, what? Ow. And like, it's just such a profound piece, because I also, you know, in that, in that same vein, like my relationship with with faith and with God, right? Like I only hid in youth groups, and I was a kid because I was homeless, and there was a place to sleep, and nobody ever asked questions. And then it was, like, forced on me as a kid, and then you get deployed, and you go to war, and, right, you're just screaming his name the whole time, but you don't know what it means. You don't have anything. And then when things got really dark, like two years ago, I was at a conference giving a keynote, and this woman walked up to me, and she's like, you're a victim of spiritual warfare right now, and evil is attacking you. I want you to read this book called The believers authority. And I was like, Okay. And then I bought a flight home from Bali, running a women's event where I was literally just serving 20 women at the deepest level, from my heart, being a safe, masculine man, and there was this old man boarding the plane, and nobody was helping with his bag, so I helped him with his bags. He ends up sitting next to me. It's an 88 year old traveling past her his whole life, and gave me his card and asked to connect. And I was like, okay, man, like, I'd love to and I intentionally lost his card. And I was like, This guy's never going to get a hold of me. The next day, he shows up on my calendar, and then it was supposed to be a 15 minute call, and it was two and a half hours. He's like, I actually believe based on our conversations, you know, God, but I think you might be serving the wrong one, and like just rocked me. And then I went home and I read that book, and I just dropped to my knees in the shower, and I changed how I prayed, and I wasn't even really like praying. And my son, and there's no faith in my house, none. My son comes home from the hardware store and hands me a pocket New Testament that he found on the ground and said, Dad, I found this for you. I wanted to give this to you. And I was like, What is going on? So go get in the shower. And I was, that's like, my water is like, my like, release time. And I changed how I prayed. And I basically had read that book the believers authority. And I was like, and then, like, in the name of Jesus, I like, rebuke all evil, and I do all of it, and I started puking and purging for like an hour and a half, like crying I've never felt before. And this went on for like 10 straight days, like every morning in the shower, and then all of a sudden there was just like, this peace that came over me and like, that's how I, like, found my way home. And then I shared it with one of my best friends. And he's like, bro, me too, and I've never been properly baptized. And I was like, I wasn't by choice. And so in the middle of, like April and winter in Montana, we went into a lake and we rebaptized each other, and it was like, my coming home. So it was like, the most i. Non sequitur, non linear, just kind of like, and then within like a day, like four times in a row, in one day, I'm getting feedback on my podcast and social media of like, man, like, I love your message, but you swear too much. You swear too much. And then I heard a pastor say that every time Paul wanted to separate himself from Jesus, he used profanities. And like in one day, swearing was removed, and then, literally, within a week, I had two new clients show up who said I just felt called to come in and like, faith is important to me. Where's your stance on faith? And I'm like, it's the most important thing in my life now, and it's just been like these moments, and I look back and I'm like, every ounce of my life, every ounce of my story, the things that I've experienced, the only mistake I made was giving myself credit because, like, they've made me who I am, and it's the reason I can help people, and even the people closest to me, they're like, No, when you're with people, They just feel seen like at the deepest, deepest level. And this, this love. And I was like, Yeah, because I want to give them the love of God and everything that I never received and thought I was a monster and a victim and all these different pieces. And so, yeah, man, like your story is powerful, like all of it's powerful.

Matthias Miller  51:22
Smith, might be too big of a question, but I'm curious about this too. Probably not.

Matthias Miller  51:33
Um, the people who come to you because of what you have, the knowledge, the expertise, the success, the and underneath it all, their intent is not to use it for love, but to manipulate because they've got an empire to build. They've got results to get. What is that experience like for you? Working with them?

Speaker 1  51:53
It's a great question. They don't come to me anymore, and they used to.

Matthias Miller  52:00
When did that? When? When did they stop showing up? So

Speaker 1  52:04
they stopped showing up when I recommitted myself to God, and I've always been really big on integrity and morals, but I convinced myself that my job was to go into the lion's den and change them from the inside out, and the only lesson I learned is that it just made them more powerful to help them build a billion dollar business. And all those success stories, like the big companies that I built, I was out of integrity every day, like I was like, I don't agree with how you see the world, like, I don't agree with your open relationship and how you're lying or how you're transacting with people. And I felt it, and I never did anything about it, and then he removed them quick, and there was a lot of pain that followed. And I learned that, like my values and my integrity, there's a reason I have them, and I ignored them for a long time. And so all those wins and all those case studies and those big companies that I had equity in like, scaled from 8 million to 96 million in two years.

Unknown Speaker  53:05
And I felt out of integrity, this was a year and a half ago, and didn't trust myself, out of fear and out of scarcity,

Speaker 1  53:13
literally removed me and then canceled my equity agreement. So everything gone, all of it gone. And

Matthias Miller  53:19
it was all this. All this all happened outside of your control. This wasn't you saying I resigned. This was something on the other end, beyond your control. Rip up the paper, go

Speaker 1  53:31
and all out of left field like the day after, we were in tears hugging each other about how much we loved each other and loved working together, but even part of me felt out of integrity and never saying anything. And the next day, having an email from the legal team and the lawyer, which means pre drafted, already handled, on my flight home,

Matthias Miller  53:52
yep, which means this is all prepared. The hug was staged,

Speaker 1  53:56
uh huh. And even on that flight home, I was balling, dry heaving, because that was my way out of the divorce. That was my I can support the family like this is going to sell. We're going to have 30, $40 million you know? Boom, boom, boom, right? And I was reflecting on that flight, and I found my notes where I wrote in my journal, because one of the things I deal with is guilt being away from my son when I travel, and I wrote in my journal, I want more time at home with my son, and I was spending two weeks a month in this town, and I wrote that maybe three to four weeks before it happened, and then sure as crap, I had two weeks home that I didn't have before in that home, it's what created the stability of my son and allowed me And my ex to come back to healing. Yeah, wow. So now, because I'm so loud about loving people and loving customers and caring, it makes business on the front end hard, but not really, because it's repelling the people that shouldn't have called me in the first place. Yeah. Well,

Matthias Miller  55:00
it's, it's backwards, and it's sad that something like that would be repelling,

Speaker 1  55:08
yeah, oh, I'm mind blowing, mind blowing. But

Matthias Miller  55:13
it is a calling card, and it's not, and it's interesting too to me. It's, it's, I'm very fascinated with observing, well, I'm just fascinated by sales and marketing and coercion and manipulation and authenticity and underlying principles, because you're not doing this. Okay, everybody, everybody will come and show you like, take a stand for something and be controversial, yep, and you can do that from a place of ego and and agenda and manipulation, but you're not even, but this, you can't love and do that and come from that place, and yet love itself becomes completely controversial, or even simple things like this was a little bit of A face, you know, I don't know face palm moment. So I've been posting a lot about my own internal journey in various ways. So many books, a discovery call we get in, and my brain reverts to the classic tactics, like, Okay, where's the constraint we're, you know, like, bootstrap marketing plan, whatever. And then towards the end. It's like, okay, but here's the real issue, dad owns the business. Son's the CEO. Son's not sure if he wants to buy it or commit long term. Not the right fit for the dad. I'm like, we just hit on the heart of the matter. Because now here's the fear, here's the insecurity, here's the here's the FOMO, here's the everything.

Matthias Miller  56:57
After years of telling myself that soft skills, soft whatever this love is more powerful to be called soft, but for lack of a better term, that you can't market these things. You can, you can talk about them and they will win the right people, and you can have values driven marketing. It's just a matter of talking about them and letting them be out there and letting the people self select,

Speaker 1  57:22
yep, yep. And that's been my reflection in the last couple of weeks, because what really ended up happening was I've rebuilt my client one on one roster. And it was it's cash flow enough that was putting us positive and allowing us to, like, eradicate the debt and make a plan, and created some little comfort. So what was the first thing that went was me showing up consistently and sharing my values outside of my podcast, but not connecting where those people find me, which is Facebook and Instagram. And then I was like, Oh, my CEO can write it. And like, she's incredible, but she's not me and doesn't have my view, and we're so aligned in every level. And then, you know, like, even my my girlfriend, who's an incredible marketer, she's like, I have a solution. You're not going to like it. And has told me, like, 100 times. And the other day, I'm just sitting there, I'm like, oh, I should probably write this, like, fear over faith, and then 210 comments on my personal Facebook, and I'm like, Hmm, okay, got it, got it, right? And so there's just this, this invitation for me, per se, because I feel like the world is also calling for connection. And, you know, if you see it, say it, and that's the place in the trap. That's the first trap door that I fall into shadow wise of like the devil is in the details and gets into my head, right? Which is why I read, read The Screwtape Letters. And, you know, I just even read a book on the drive up here from credible book from John Bevere called the bait of Satan and how to live free from the deadly trap of offense. And it wasn't anybody else's offense. It was my own offense, of like, my own self judgment and the little sneaky trap of like, are they going to read it? Does this resonate like? It doesn't matter. This is just an expression of how I feel in this moment. And what if it does land for something? What if this is the one that makes a difference for somebody? What if this was the permission slip they needed to go pray or to jump in? And so that's been this the new muscle of me, of like, Oh yeah, you know, there is no leaving the garden. Like I get to tend to it, I get to seed it, I get to water it, and to even remind myself of like I'm a lighthouse. But, you know, lighthouses don't turn off, and the light keeper shows up consistently no matter what happens or else everybody dies.

Matthias Miller  59:34
So two observations with that. One is we've been conditioned so much to scale and to remove ourselves that we will remove ourselves to our very own detriment, and there's this strong opposition against building a personal brand, because it's not scalable, yep, when in reality, you know you have proof misaligned partnerships, incredibly scalable personal brand. Yep, massively.

Speaker 1  59:59
And it's the core of what I teach. Like, it's how I help people scale, right? Is, is taking my own advice. It's Solomon's paradox. Like I'm the first one to fall victim to it. Like even conversations like this are a gift to me, right? Like, I feel like, God just dropped you on my plate today. And he's like, can I get any louder? And I'm like, Thanks, bro. Like, appreciate you, right? Like, you, you nailed it and and in the world right now, even in a lens of all my clients, all of them feeling the same pain, and the thing that's missing is them, right? It's this, this invitation, because with AI and spamming and filtering and all these things like, the only thing that comes through is trust. But you can't trust someone. You don't

Matthias Miller  1:00:38
know if I can, if I can, extend on this, please you and I understand love to be knowing and being known, self disclosure, curiosity, but there's a question, which is, what has happened to our concept of leadership Following fandom, where there's an expectation that the audience does not want to know the leader of the movement, which is really what you're facing. It's this. It's we are so used to the crowd being the one that throws the rocks at us that we put up our defenses, self protect, curl up and hide. Which has been the battle which is, which has been the Battle of humanity for our entire existence? And like, can

Matthias Miller  1:01:37
you imagine a world I can you imagine living in a world where your expectation with your audience, which is what you're exactly, what you're describing, your expectation of your audience is one of curiosity, acceptance, love, you.

Speaker 1  1:02:04
I That's my desire. And even even last night, I recorded a video on a walk yesterday, and I was like, I just got called out by my friends. And I was like, Oh, I'll post this, right? I went to bed and there were no comments on it. I woke up this morning and there were comments like this on it, and I was like, got it, got it right and and for me, like it just reminds me of, like, pick up your cross and follow me every day, but I have to crucify myself and my ego and My Shadows by example and eradicate the fear of how people will respond to them, because they're not theirs, that they're mine and my relationship with him, and that's been like the poignant reminder, because there's it's this forced acceptance, but also like acknowledgement that like abundance is everywhere, and God will provide for me, but not if I hide behind the fear and the labels And the shadows and the insecurities and the imposter syndrome and all those pieces. And the only thing that I've learned is the more I know, the harder it's been to hold myself accountable. Because I've fallen into that trap like, oh, there's a finish line, like, I made it right, and I made it, and I'm like, Oh no, no, no, no. Never made it. Never made it. Like, every day, every day,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:18
yeah, yeah. Yeah. Man, Wow.

Unknown Speaker  1:03:27
What an amazing conversation. Agreed. Thank you. Thanks for asking questions. Man, those are really good questions.

Speaker 1  1:03:39
I feel very seen right now, very, very seen. Yeah, is there anything I can do to support you? I

Unknown Speaker  1:04:06
It's a great question. I

Matthias Miller  1:04:29
I knew going into this, there would be, I would be treading water financially. I sold off part of my business. Seller finance, not a huge payday, long story. You don't need to get into it. The only thing was really this, I have to, I have to move.

Matthias Miller  1:04:56
So it's so one of the things that you. Ways You Can you already have, which is we need to we need stories of our own vulnerabilities and treading water and knowing that God provides and that you just need to surrender and be obedient and do the next step battle number two is, I'm still so much in a space of I

Matthias Miller  1:05:38
think one of the most challenging things that I've experienced from my upbringing has been having such a strong group identity and finding my own Who am I like so much. So I was on a call yesterday with a gal who's gone deep on Myers Briggs, and she's like, by the way, just so we can have a better conversation, what's, what's your profile? And I named it off to her, and she's like, really? I was like, Well, that's what the assessment said. And she's like, let me ask you some questions. And she's like, I'm pretty sure you're not that, but this. And I'm like, well, that actually makes a lot of sense. I resonate with a lot of that. And I know personality is just, I mean, that's just one window into the soul, but I

Matthias Miller  1:06:26
me, the tension that I'm in right now is that as these parts of me get unlocked, I've got friends around me to support me in this, but it's still The challenge that I walk at the proper pace, and I don't just build something because I can build but I have the proper patience In light of the horrible tension of like everything I

Matthias Miller  1:07:14
pragmatically, tactically, I clearly just have a small window of what you do. It seems likely if there's a place where this can go off the rails, it's going to be this where, because of my background and history and everything, how it just look like this. All becomes about system building. And I don't I know that if I lean in, I can integrate heart into every single part of the process, but I feel like I'm a here's breath away from just turning it into a machine.

Speaker 1  1:08:03
Yeah? The craziest thing about that, though, is that now that it's in your awareness, right? I'm assuming you're aware of the four stages of competence. You ever heard those? Yeah? Right, I rename them because those names are way too big, but it's unaware, aware, learning and mastery, right? That I think, because I don't like saying unconsciously incompetent and then consciously, no, it's unaware, aware, learning mastery, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:08:26
Love it.

Speaker 1  1:08:27
I think the trap that we fall into. And I'm going to tie two things that you said together, and I would submit this that I've said this for years, and this was from Thich Nhat Hanh. I genuinely believe that awareness is the finish line, because when we have awareness that it gives us consciousness of our next choice. And that next choice is not rigid in execution. It means it's fluid which we're going to make the wrong decision back into unawareness, but we have an awareness to catch it, to readjust right and the way that I look at identity, and the way that I navigated being accused of domestic violence, domestic abuse, being told I'd be arrested if I came home, is the only thing I told myself is that my current state of being was my entire identity as a man, not what I've done and not what I'm about to do, but how I'm being in that moment, Right? And I will share with you that like and this is from a place of self acknowledgement. I've done a lot of work over the last 20 years, and it is very hard for me to communicate with a lot of men that cannot hold space for me. It'll go over their head. They'll not acknowledge. It'll make them uncomfortable with how emotionally available I am the things that I share, you have an innate gift and a massive capacity to hold space and bring love. And it's not what you do or what you say, it's your presence, like even the time that you take the pause is the. Most powerful thing I've experienced, and I feel safe, I feel loved, I feel accepted, I feel seen, but there's a part of that that you're going to be exposed at such a deep level, and the thing that I tell myself is I serve to get served, because it's how God keeps me humble. My job is to create containers that allow magic to happen in, and I'm just the arms that hold it around, right? And with your awareness, I think the way that you protect this is systems are incredible when they're utilized to get humans through processes, to get back to human connection, not in replace of human connection, right? Like we can't. We can't get rid of a system that onboards somebody and get some access and instantly, because we want them in but we don't need systems to advocate that access and that connection. And with you running this in cohorts, and with you doing this and even your story alone, the more that you shine light on that to other people, the quicker people are going to raise their hand and be like, I'm in but this is Pumpkin Plan. Mike McCalla, it's 101, like this is back of napkin, right? The only thing you need is a Zoom Room to meet and a date and a time. And you don't even need a payment. You need 10 people that are willing to be the forefront, to have accountability for you and then backfill the pieces when the problems arise that get in the way of them having that connection. Not what I would submit is probably the pattern based on your growing up and your ability to critically think of pre planning the entire solution before it goes, and then it never going, or never being full. It's more of a one mile marker at a time, because I will tell you that blue collar men to be able to be in a space with you and to be asked questions that you ask are going to break wide open in the deepest of levels and feel seen and validated and release things that they haven't. And the byproduct is they're going to go home and be better husbands. They're going to be better fathers, they're going to be better team leaders, because they're emotionally available and they're held. But every moment that that space isn't created is another moment that the damage is being done. And so my invitation would be like, understand, you have the awareness. And the awareness is, oh, if I eat this chocolate cake, my six pack is going to disappear. And as my girlfriend says all the time, you get so upset that you went to the gym for one day and you didn't have abs. And she's like, it's not about the first day. It's about the consistent days, and you're going to eat chocolate cake one day and you're going to skip a workout the next day. But as you constantly course correct into like, oh, and earning the right to build the system right the way that I look at this, even with my clients like you, is, if you're building a system, it's because that process is preventing you from being in the place where the breakthrough happens, but if you're building it before that pain exists, you're getting in the way of actually creating the solution that would allow it to have the impact that it needed. Yes, and so even me, like I make a new training the first place it goes is a Google Doc with a video, and then 1000 people see it, and if they're like, God, I'm this Google Doc. I just need it on your website. I'm like, Okay, well, now we can put on the website. Perfect, right? Even event tickets. It's like, nope, here, here's a Google Doc. Here's what we're doing. Like, you've been doing events for a decade. I'm like, Yeah, but I don't want to go spend three weeks building a page and paying my web designer and writing all this copy and, like, Here's a video of me telling you what we're going to experience. Does it feel good? If you have any questions, DM me. And, okay, let's go right and, and, and protecting that process to allow it to become what it gets to become, not thinking. And the analogy that I use is, if you've ever built a home from scratch, name me one time, somebody's blueprints matched the final product of the house. The blueprints give us direction and a frame to start the process, to then make adjustments as we go, as we bring it into alignment of what we really wanted that we couldn't think through in the beginning, because there was no way to know that that piece was going to be added. And it sounds like you're right at that precipice. And so I would lean into it all day, my friend, because, like, this call was a gift for me.

Matthias Miller  1:14:29
So I want to paint a picture. It's like a dinner table, dinner conversation. We're going late June.

Unknown Speaker  1:14:40
Yeah, I got a couple more. I got, like, five more, all right,

Matthias Miller  1:14:43
so, so let's eat dinner together, six people. Let's eat dinner together. We get together. Man, this sucks. Like it would be nice to have a table and chairs. Are a great table and chairs. It's out. In the backyard, in the grass, cool, great. All right. Well, we're tired of pizza. It would really be nice to have steak. Okay, great. Plate, knives. Steak knife, fork, yep, awesome. Um, man, it's, it's the brainstorm, terrible. We really need to roof over our heads. Fine. Roof overheads, great. Now we can do this all the time. Boy, the weather's changing. Snowstorm like my toes frostbite. It would really be nice to have an enclosed structure and some heat, cool, done. Now we can meet consistently every single week, but gather the people around the table, is what you're saying. So 1,000% point taken, point heard.

Speaker 1  1:15:47
Because what you'll realize is, when you gather them around the table, they'll bring umbrellas and boots for everybody, because the one thing that you protect is meeting every week, yeah, regardless of the weather. And then you create solutions as you go. And then when you're like, God, we have 20 friends that want to come to dinner. We can't call them all. And we're like, great. Can we send them a video that lets them know what dinner is like and then give them the information? And you're like, yeah. We're like, great. Here you send it to all your friends, 1,000% because perfect protecting the outcome is the goal, and the outcome can only be created when the input is protected. The input is meeting, having an experience, getting known, getting seen, getting supported. And then as those things arise, the symptoms will pop up that will be solved for everybody. And it's also community driven, which creates endowment and connection and ownership. And then it's not just about you. It's about all of you being in that bucket where you're the facilitator of that maggot magic, or the facilitator of those questions. Yep,

Unknown Speaker  1:16:50
I love it. Thanks, man, bro. Thank

Speaker 1  1:16:55
you. Thank you. It was a it was genuinely, genuinely an honor. And I gotta jump because I gotta get ready for another call. But if you, if you need anything, just shoot me a Facebook message, even if you just want to dump if you have downloads after this, if any, anything pops up. And if I can support you, just let me know. Yeah, sounds good. That's an authentic open invitation. I get it. Yeah, take it, yeah, yeah. Because this was it, this, and just to reflect back to you to this conversation was a gift for me. The questions you asked, the things that felt like God put you on my plate today to help shift some perspectives in me, and I really, really appreciate it.

Matthias Miller  1:17:32
You're welcome, pleasure and honor. All

Unknown Speaker  1:17:34
right, my friend, we'll be in touch. Have a beautiful, beautiful Wednesday.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:37
Thanks. You too. All right. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai