Unknown Speaker  07:33
Can you hear me?

Matthias Miller  07:35
Yep, I can hear you. All right, how's it going? Good.

Speaker 1  07:41
Interesting day for me? Oh, no, it's not some funny stuff on the personal front, but it's probably not appropriate to get into details. So. Got it? So right up the CPL topic today?

Matthias Miller  08:03
Well, I mean, it came up with the call Thursday, which is kind of like, Hey, what are you guys doing? Like we're spending more? And what's going on and all of that? So bringing some numbers and what is it that we do? I mean, the bottom line is, we're higher, you know, we've, we are higher than North Carolina. If we can get him down to North Carolina numbers, then we'll be at or lower than we're fierce creative had been. So I don't think it's a terrible need. And that's including all of Ad Management, not just ad network pricing. So I don't think it's a reason to be concerned. But well, but it did raise a few questions. One was, I mean, what is how would your screen if had managed? A, so much of a lower cost per lead than us?

Speaker 1  09:14
I'm gonna get right back to that question. Yes.

Matthias Miller  09:19
It was before the tape form. So

Speaker 1  09:23
that is one of the key points, but I was also going to say, based on what you and I looked at together, they weren't tracking anything. So I didn't want it to be in Facebook. Yes. And I know you can kind of manually and it's good to do a sanity check and all that but like, it's just again, it's not apples to apples and we've changed. You know, if you are tracking the distance, just play along with me for a minute. If you are tracking add to carts, specific reaction to clicking on the Add to Cart button on an ecommerce store and something in the situation changes in the exact same pixel tracking changes. Well, you can generally assume that the change was caused by whatever the other factor was. But when you bring in tracking for the first time, and you're looking at some level of detail that didn't exist before, the Yeah, it's just it's not the same. And we did actually change the funnel by bringing in Thai form of not only do we change the funnel, we change the brand, we change the and I realized that everybody hates what I'm saying, I've been dealing with this for years. But we changed the ad accounts, we changed everything. The it's literally like getting in a different vehicle and getting on a different road. Even though we are kind of trying to get to the same destination, there's very little about the container vehicle, that is the same. I don't have an explanation for why first creatives seemed to be working in that scenario, and I am emphasizing the word scene. I don't really feel that Alex has asked this of me. I know it's kind of easy to jump to a conclusion that well, we were sure it was working. And yet if nobody was tracking it, no, you can't be sure it was working. And Alex, and I can't be sure that there wasn't something else going on. That changed around the same time that nobody. It's like a false positive. Does that make sense. And I'm not trying to create some ridiculous, complicated Mystery Show here. But I'm just saying like, it's, it's just not the same. And not only that, but Alex and I did try replicating the targeting, and even the ads that you showed us from first creative, and they didn't behave the same at all. Now, unfortunately, due to the complexities of ad networks, there could be 100 different reasons for that. But and, and also when unfortunately, it wasn't January when the tracking was off. So we probably need to go rerun that same test. Again, I would try something as on and I get where they're coming from. They're simplistic folks. I hate the overcomplicated explanation. But it's just unfortunate in the actual context of the work being done. It is complicated. It's digital, it's algorithm driven, and seasons times, ad accounts. There's what there's tons of complexities. I think we had I don't know if you remember this, but certainly, years ago, we had a situation where myself and some other folks tried to run a test. So in other words, if you run an A B test, there's an assumption that add A and add V will have different performance, you're going to pick the winner because B was better, the messaging was better, the creative was better, whatever. Well, we figured out a lot of few years ago that you can run a test by which we mean literally for exact copies of the same exact thing. And they will not perform equally. Which means that Google treats every ad ID different. Because it's if it's the same copy, then it's not a copy that acts differently. It's something to do as Google handles it. Same for Facebook. So this makes sense. There's just like, there's so many layers of complexity that makes you want to tear my hair out. And I wish it wasn't this way. I keep as a side note, since I'm just kind of talking at the moment, I keep running into situations where I'll get clients with ad accounts that technically speaking according to everything parry and micro to ever talk should not be working well. They should be totally under optimized, there should be a lot of low hanging fruit. And when I go to start doing the things that we all say optimize and account performance goes down instead of up. And it's literally nonsensical. But it's pretty clear that that's what the algorithm wants to do. And like you just can't climb inside the algorithms mind forced them to behave differently. You know what I mean? My goal is media buyers to try to learn these things and our guests them and somehow do better or improvise around it anyway, but it's just not a linear pathway as part of what I'm saying. Okay, the other thing is that if you're looking at numbers on Thursday, you'd already made a comment about Canberra exactly how you said it was one of those reports wasn't updated or something and I just wondered if y'all were looking at CPL from January when things were bad, because it has done

Matthias Miller  14:51
better why essentially excluded that and did month to date of February. Okay, because those are horrible numbers. And sidenote, the CPA, I had really low level of detail on my message. CPA was on the same Google account different ads for North Carolina prior to changing out the, from the type form to the new from the old form to the new type form. So

Speaker 1  15:26
I think I think that's just to be done either it was the same, or you're saying it changed, same ads change from the type form change a little lost in what you're saying? Well,

Matthias Miller  15:35
it was the, the North Carolina the fierce creative one was I was actually talking about North Carolina, prior to us taking over the ad account. So the ad account remains the same, we would have said new ads and would have changed out the landing page. Or we would change the funnel at that time as well. But correct to clarify, but all your points are still very relevant. So I think, really, if you want to add 20, maybe this should actually be part one of my email. Here's the real reason we don't have trust. One is, somebody else came in and sold this. And Dave and I have worked together for a long time. Before we ever started working on this project, and Calvin has, and Wayne have no exposure to me. No personal exposure, they don't know me as a person. And I honestly think it's probably one of the biggest, but I wouldn't have a family. And I could do anything in the world. I would pack my bags, me fly Chicago, and I go down, I spend two days hanging out in their office. And that's probably one of the best things we can do for the relationship. But

Speaker 1  16:45
yeah, I don't know what it's worth to you. Literally, like I just don't know how the equation plays. Just second, I'm driving and a guy's tuition here. Is that backed up all the way from the stoplight?

Speaker 1  17:03
Map now you get to the other side. wrote that. I was going to say that. Now that you've said that. Now that you've said that, do you think maybe you actually should do that, but you'd ever so inconvenient? I have no identity that's like totally out of balance with reality and Miss asking.

Matthias Miller  17:32
No. I mean, to give context. Well, no, nevermind. So even better given context. And it's pretty far out the realm. Okay.

Speaker 1  17:54
Interesting. Do you feel like and I'm trying to understand, obviously, there's some detailed questions and tactics and methods and plans and progress. But I'm also trying to just discern the whole overarching situation, do you get the general feeling that that Indiana is not where they want to be? They didn't want to go in the first place. They're not happy with the results and they want out of the loop by is that the vibe going on the background?

Matthias Miller  18:23
MUSIC We really want to get out of the loop. But

Unknown Speaker  18:29
but they sure were still it was a lot better than it is?

Matthias Miller  18:33
I think so. But then we haven't established clear metrics for success. What was it with, with North North Carolina, we said we want a sales and marketing tool across the sales and marketing to be 10% or lower. And we want you guys to keep doing your best and keep whittling this thing down. And we did that. And they knew it was gonna take time. And it was risk, they knew all this stuff. And indianic somehow showed up with this, how these guys were gonna pay him two to 3x what we paid 2x what we pay for his creative and almost 3x Because they decided not to split it. 6040 Like we said that we decided to split it 5050 And these guys are going to come riding in with angels on their shoulders. And like next month, we're going to have something fill in the blank like this thing and oh, we don't want to spend more money on marketing either. You guys have to do your magic. And and I think I also think we came in at the wrong time we came in. If you've ever hung around construction companies the time you've never pitched stuff is in in December, you always pitch projects to them in the you know in the summer, when they're flush with cash. And they're not thinking about winter coming. And I kind of think we're starting this off at the wrong time. A year, and they just need to get past the next few months and get into the spring rush. And by summer, they won't be thinking about this pain anymore. But it's like the perfect storm of when to but we've not, you know get once again, there's a switch expectations are unspoken, and

Matthias Miller  20:27
in the document to clarify. Did you have a chance to read over the document at all?

Unknown Speaker  20:35
I'm sorry, which document?

Unknown Speaker  20:38
No sure

Matthias Miller  20:38
document with you about the Kelvin Wayna. Big today? Yeah.

Speaker 1  20:48
No, I'm sorry, I totally missed it on our spices you sent in signal or Google? Or where did that show up?

Matthias Miller  20:54
Your interest your email?

Unknown Speaker  20:58
I literally haven't been on my email today.

Matthias Miller  21:03
So the biggest question that I have is, well, I mean

Speaker 1  21:18
I just see No, I see the document. But I can't.

Matthias Miller  21:25
That's the biggest question I have is, if I had a landing page for you, how long for you and Alex to rule out the onside dope?

Unknown Speaker  21:39
Sorry, to roll out to what?

Matthias Miller  21:43
In the end is on site builds?

Speaker 1  21:46
Oh, a week, maybe less?

Speaker 1  21:55
Are they they're still on the track to do that. Well, last time we touched on it briefly, we kind of took the track of this may or may not even be the right thing to do with that. They definitely want to do it.

Matthias Miller  22:04
Yeah, I mean, well, I have a, they've been asking all these questions. I don't know if they want this or not. This is probably the wrong way to go about it might be the wrong way. It might be the right way. But I have a six page email answering their questions that goes in depth into our concerns about this. And I think I will include in the email that I think very likely, we should have a call to review this. And go over this together.

Matthias Miller  22:44
Do you know what you would want on the landing page besides just the selling points?

Speaker 1  22:50
No, I know, I don't. It definitely needs if we're going to run ads that are specifically talking about on site bills. And we need to hit it right at the top and the headline though it's the angle. I do not everybody, everybody always thinks it is the traffic guy. I'm not I'm not poking fun of you. I'm literally saying everybody I've ever worked with. They think that as a traffic guy, I should be able to tell them what kind of landing page to build that works. And I really don't I can I can definitely poke holes and things. You know, when I look at a landing page, and I think it looks broken or lacking detail or has too much detail, I can give some direction but it's like, it's just impossible for me to come up with a but the best I can do is is do a funnel hack and competitor swipe and look at something that I believe is working for somebody else and try to emulate it

Speaker 1  23:47
I am of the opinion that every wise business owner should always be doing CRO and I know for a fact that 99% of business owners won't do CSI which is CRO which is pretty funny. Do you think about it? But yeah. Are you kind of asked me to help you get a minimum viable antibodies together? Do you want me to dredge some up for you? Or or what? What's the real question?

Matthias Miller  24:12
Um, why I think basically what I'm going to say is it's going to be one of the two weeks of my time allocated time to them and that's going to be or you can pay in cash like I've 100 to 5k and you and you can get it sooner rather you can either negotiate the priority with with North Carolina or you can pay me in route I mean Yeah. For you pay me get it done. Schedule yeah

Speaker 1  25:02
Okay, not stressing, I think I misunderstood part of what you said. But so and just to be clear, they're pushing for this, like they want this done.

Matthias Miller  25:14
Again, they're asking about it. And I'm saying, Are you guys? Sure?

Unknown Speaker  25:20
Yeah. Okay, I get it. Yep.

Matthias Miller  25:25
You know what they're looking at? For sure.

Speaker 1  25:27
I mean, I'm okay, an MVP for this literally as a test, which started from a broken record. But this is how I looked at all these things. And MVP is to take the current homepage, because we do know that it works. And to simply make a copy and rework the wording on the top of the page, so that the headline and the first subtitle and paragraph are addressing the fact that yes, we offer on site builds. And here bullet point will implement while employed are the features and then like, here's why we're better at it than the competitors. And I think that I hope you do charge some money, just to be clear. But I think as far as resources, I don't think we need to design a whole page from the ground up, I think we can just duplicate and edit the copywriters and a lot of people who run tons of funnels call this spitballing, where you throw out a bunch of ideas and do quick tests. And I think that's what we need to do, you and I can probably have a phone call and knock that out in definitely less than an hour, maybe 20 minutes. The main thing that I care about is I want to be really clear about this, either A, they've got to give me an additional testing budget so that I can set up a new campaign give it its own budget without disturbing the other campaigns, or they need to practically sign on the dotted line that I warned them that if we take budget away from the current campaigns to do this new test, we are quite likely going to tank the existing campaign performance. Right, as they're already saying they're not happy with it. Yep. And they like they can't have it any other way. They either have to willingly agree that they know we're damaging this thing or they have to give me more budget.

Matthias Miller  27:20
And is it you know, the bottom numbers that we're gonna give you 500 to 1000?

Speaker 1  27:31
We really ought to be $40 a day, was it? Let's say 1200 to 1200? Yeah.

Speaker 1  27:45
Yeah, 1200 Yeah, that, that would, that would work. I can do it with less, and we can get some results. But like, if they really want to do this, and they're serious about it, they want to get it done. That's that's what we need to do. So 100.

Unknown Speaker  28:13
Okay

Speaker 1  28:21
great. And I saw this doodle dogs, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  28:27
If they take they take money away from the current campaigns, that mean you have to go through a rebuild process.

Speaker 1  28:41
So we cannot just add in the current campaigns and ad sets that exist, we cannot just add another ad that's talking about a different thing. We have to create new campaigns and ad sets ad groups for the new topic. And so the old one is not being altered, but we would literally go so some other campaign that's running, you know, $40 a day, we would go over there and we'd tell it Well, now you only get $20 a day. Because I'm putting this nice, half the old 40 is now going to this other campaign. And what what happens is it totally alters the performance of the campaign. The old one that was running working.

Matthias Miller  29:24
If they wake up next week and say that was done. Can you switch this back to $40 a day we'll go back in performance,

Speaker 1  29:31
though it's a great question. No, I do know I know for sure it won't. That's the problem. And I have a I seem to have a really hard time conveying this on all respects to all people. But literally things don't ever go back the way they were and that's Google and Facebook both and this is why and I'm not the only one that says it's our Alex gets totally jumpy when I start suggesting we all through the Facebook stuff. This is why all media buyers when things are working They just like, absolutely do not want to hear the client say, Oh, we want to try this whole other thing, let's reallocate budget and all that. Because whatever was going good is not gonna go any better by shaking things up. Yeah. Yeah. And and like there's in Google, there's literally an undo button. And in spite of that, undo is not undo like, because it's the machines in there learning and changing its mind about the auction and when to display your ad, and he does play it too. And so even if you put it back in quite a few kids, I'm not saying Never. But in most cases, it just simply will not go back to baby the way it did before. Yeah, makes sense. It I can understand why advertisers and people in general would expect this to be linear and mechanical, like on off more or less, more equals more or less, it was less, it's just not. It's so algorithm driven that it just doesn't work that way.

Matthias Miller  31:00
Yes. All right. I will work on revamping this. I burned a scope. Sorry, one more comment, I created two reports in Facebook and two records in Google Google Ads account. And these will be tightened SOPs update into systems that I can run some analytics that I want to and report that I want to so I think it means I will start relying on your report some actually use the pretty Google reports I don't know if it's actually helpful, but I don't know how helpful it actually is. Main thing is just giving you a heads up and please don't I know you want to present go around messing with columns and other things in those words, oops. Yep.

Speaker 1  31:52
I'll get on that. I think we finally got the Facebook. The look or studio report for Facebook is automated now. I'll have to double check on that again, but it shouldn't be. And I'll keep I'll keep more even for not using them. That's fine. I'll keep them around anyway because I use them a little bit and I want them to always be there for the client if they ask for something and we just want to toss up a report or something.

Matthias Miller  32:14
If they're working I'm in favor of having a sanity check to make sure like are we generating numbers that are pretty similar?

Unknown Speaker  32:21
Yeah, I'm good with that too. Yep.

Matthias Miller  32:30
Let's see are you interested in any way we can see it we should pick this up later

Matthias Miller  32:48
sometimes there's just a bunch of miscellaneous questions and stuff but it turned out earlier that interesting to have an update on at some point but now they're pretty interested in competitor analysis. I keep getting sales graphs from them

Matthias Miller  33:12
from the retailer that they're not really supposed to have access to that they have anyway and I don't really know if I don't really know what can be done with these graphs or really if there's anything that can be I don't know.

Speaker 1  33:43
Yeah. Well, what are the sales drafts? I'm lost on what it means. So we're looking at what

Matthias Miller  33:53
we're looking at doing sales by dealer by week. That was one of them and there was another one

Speaker 1  34:09
of their competitors. So they're seeing their dealer sales numbers.

Matthias Miller  34:14
Yeah, sales numbers of the competitors

Unknown Speaker  34:16
which competitors Exactly.

Matthias Miller  34:19
homestead dealers, the biggest one sheds plus louder buildings, sheds, sheds direct and hickory and house sales and Services LLC. The really hard to read but

Speaker 1  34:34
and this is of interest because there's something in the background that says we want to be as big or bigger than them are or what

Matthias Miller  34:45
there is a very strong

Matthias Miller  34:53
get warning philosophical alert, but fine, there is something within the German slash Amish world that is a touch superstitious. Okay, and there is this little, I think this might be kind of connected or it's just maybe it's not even connected at all. It's just how people are. But there's a little bit of this thought that their competitor has some kind of secret secret sauce that just makes them wildly successful. Well, we are struggling over here,

Unknown Speaker  35:21
say grass is greener on the other side.

Matthias Miller  35:24
You want to do whatever they can to figure out what that magic silver bullet is, and you go

Speaker 1  35:38
it's probably a fool's errand. It's any given minute, it could be true. Their secret sauce fact of the matter is, in most cases, there's not. And it's probably not ethical. And the only thing they could actually do about it is either find someone as well as find someone who works there that they think own secret sauce and either butter them up or hire them away, aka steal them, which is unethical. So I don't know. I don't know what to say any of that. Yeah. I don't really believe that there's a large quantity of secret magic sauce going on. Anywhere I do. I have observed anecdotally that people sometimes are the secret sauce, and gotta give us different gifts to different people. And sometimes, you have somebody who's just brilliant or has intuition, or they're really good at they do and they're just an amazing closer, or they're amazing it that they make the people around them feel better. So everybody around them for forms better or like that, that happens. That's very real. But whether or not they've got some channel or some advertising tactic, or, you know, whatever referral program or something only they themselves tell you that. And so I don't think we're gonna, when you say competitor analysis, is this what you're talking about is some attempt to do mystery shopping from the inside out, and then figure out what their secret sauces.

Matthias Miller  37:17
Yeah, something like that.

Speaker 1  37:25
I don't know. I can certainly run things back to SpyFu. And we can look at their landing pages and their winning ads and all that, but it's not, you know. And that's cool. It doesn't always work. Yeah, people would like it to work just like

Matthias Miller  37:46
there are two parts to your job. There are two parts to your job. Part one, my traffic part to explain everybody else talk everybody else out of these won't be explained what you're doing to everybody else and talk everybody else out of their crazy ideas.

Unknown Speaker  38:09
Yep. So

Matthias Miller  38:12
bottom line? Yep. Good, why don't get anything else then?

Speaker 1  38:21
Um, do you use Trello? Or anything for tasks and project management?

Matthias Miller  38:27
No, I have a long, long running Google. They're not Google doc doc and my project management system. And I do a scrum style with the top priorities for the month and I go do those.

Unknown Speaker  38:43
Okay. And did you ever get another executive assistant?

Matthias Miller  38:49
Nope.

Unknown Speaker  38:51
Trying or he gave up on all

Matthias Miller  38:52
pathway. No one. declined the first candidate way back. I think you might have talked around that point. And they're still on the hunt for a second one. So.

Speaker 1  39:07
Got it? Okay, I bring it up. Because I think you either said this, or I thought you were saying this a little while ago. Something about other stuff to talk about. I have noticed that every once in a while we will tell each other verbally or in signal that there's XYZ topic to consider or address or work with. And I know for sure we lose track of some of that sometimes if, if, if you're happy with the way things are, that's fine. If we want a little bit more organization, maybe we can start a Google Doc or something that we can share. And whenever ideas, problems or something to solve crosses our mind, we can all add to that. Google Docs that way over time, we can reference it and make sure all the i's are dotted and T's are crossed. But that's I'm not trying to make busy work either. So either way.

Matthias Miller  39:55
One of the things that's worked well for me in the past has been a Google Doc with headings happening is upcoming, and then dated headings underneath that with bullet points. And so anytime anytime you have something you want to talk about or need work on, put it under upcoming when you actually haven't have a conversation and you just put in the date of the conversation, move those bullet points underneath there and add some notes about the conversation. I do that internally for most of my conversations except you haven't been as thorough about that could be an option.

Speaker 1  40:36
If you're if you want to try that for a while you want to make a doc and share it with me. We'll see how it goes. Yeah, I can do that. Seriously don't want to create busy work. I'm aware that the problem with organizing things in the organization itself becomes another chore to do. So I don't want to forget that Bonnie, but Okey doke. All right. Sounds good. Thanks bye for now.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai