Speaker 1  00:39
Okay, Matthias, did you see that email I had sent to Nathan with some ideas on scheduling. I'm sorry. The so so we're starting to do articles with customer six, kind of highlighting modules and customer success stories. And I thought maybe one of the, I mean, kind of a great one might be focusing on scheduling, because that's a high value feature. Now, it's, it's not as tangible as something like as an invoice, but everyone can do invoices, and not everyone can do scheduling. It's a genuinely tough programming problem. So we're thinking of possible reaching out to that, I think there'll be reaching out to Triple D to see if they'd be willing to either be to be highlighted either by name or, or if not, by name, at least by what we're doing for them. But to be helpful. You coded the system. And I think you could probably better articulate what that one is. We could also talk, I don't know if we want to hint that we've done other kinds of scheduling because you don't have to have a 43 inch touchscreen to do scheduling. So but cuz because we're again, just getting we just sent a proposal to goods ag repair for a, and I don't know if they'll accept it or not, but for an upgrade on their scheduling for about a 40 $45,000. Project. So and it's not just scheduling, but probably scheduling, you know, two thirds of that. That's background. How does that sound to you as far as a launching one?

Matthias Miller  02:26
Yeah, I mean, I think I think the touchscreen has a pretty nice shock and awe. Yeah.

Speaker 1  02:34
So one other note, Matthias, I really think we need to get our existing clients on these newsletters. They, Trent with rosewood did detailed surveys from them and talked with him on the phone they spent close to and he said he had to shut it up, wind it down after an hour, they just talked and talked and talked for, but most of them said, I mean, they love working with us, they had some some helpful criticism too. But but they said they just can't think of people that could use our stuff. And so I think part of the problem is, there is so clear that we owe the code crafters was able to build, you know, auto insurance for for software for us. So you know, how would that fit for other people? So I actually think we have to, we almost have to educate our existing clients about everything else that we're doing, so that they can tell their friends, oh, these guys are amazing. And they did auto insurance for us. But they do trust manufacturing, and this and that. And they've got a whole business week here. So that I so I've been thinking of this project as I thought our clients knew this. But I've been thinking of this project as educating, educating potential clients, but I think it may also have some side effect. I'd love to see, you know who all we could get on this. So that because our clients will be interested in these stories, too. So anyway, that's background. Nathan, what do you want to add?

Speaker 2  03:58
Yeah, so I guess as long as we settle in on the topic, if we officially want to say it's going to be scheduling. And so the I guess the two components of this would be one talk about kind of like the gamut of what your scheduling can do. And then hone in on one or two customers who have specifically put them to use, obviously, he said, this isn't tangible. I really don't understand I know what scheduling is. And I'm scheduling it for myself at previous companies and for other people with companies I've worked for, but you really don't have any grasp at all of the size, the scope, the intricacy, integrations, or any of that, as far as scheduling goes. So I'd really need to have a good understanding of what that would be. First, and then I don't know if each company you do is so unique that it would be it would be I don't know if it'll be helpful or harmful to say scheduling that everyone else might be as nebulous as I am. But if we said well, here's an example of what it looks like in real life. Right then that'd be Maybe that becomes the bigger part of the story, then the the concept of scheduling itself. Yeah.

Speaker 1  05:05
Matthias, it wouldn't be worth you spending some time spending 30 minutes or an hour, just pondering, what are the challenges of scheduling? Or what, what to do scheduling? Well, you have to think of this. Like variation, and I don't even know what the things are. But you just tend to be good in coming up with kind of the underlying principles. And I don't know if we want to highlight that here. Or if that's too detailed.

Matthias Miller  05:32
I mean, the way I would I would frame this just right off the bat, is, there's a few frustrations with scheduling, number one, lack of visibility. So I'm working with a client right now, they're using an industry specific ERP. And they have to go program their lead times for their salespeople. And so salespeople get mad, because you said that, you have a promise date of three weeks out, and it's past delivery customers call me back, where's this thing at. And so there's lack of visibility into scheduling. And they don't know what's going on, they have to go talk to somebody in the back office. And it's automated for the back office, but there's no visibility. So that's one problem. Or delivery drivers like work or somebody reaches out to the delivery driver, he's got his own little thing that's out over there. They think he's maybe going to show up, they think maybe he talked to the, I don't know, customers mad because nobody reached out. Guys in the office are frustrated, because they don't know whether he's doing his job or not, they can't hold them accountable. delivery driver doesn't know what's about to show up on his radar, he doesn't really care, he just wants to be busy. But if you get slow, he's gonna care about what's going to be showing up or not. And if he needs to go find some side gig to do. So that's a pretty big pain point. And the other big pain point is well, customer doesn't have visibility. Like, did it get scheduled? When's he going to be showing up? Like, I hope he didn't forget and take it off work? Like, those are kind of the order He's late. He didn't communicate to me, there's gonna be 15 minutes late. So visibility is an issue, then the other thing is, it's a, it's a? What's the right? I don't know what the right terminology is. But you move one piece. And all of a sudden, it's like a whole deck of cards going was falling down. Like we had this route, nice, nicely mapped out, if it's if it's logistics, and this guy said, he's not going to take delivery on this day. And now we're looking at paying 3x, the, the braid, or whatever it is to get it here for labor, or, or inventory. I mean, ultimately affects inventory in some fashion. It's kind of a different thing. But, you know, we don't have inventory to build this one widget. And now we're gonna have to rejigger some stuff and figure out who's gonna be doing what and when, and, and how. So that cascade is just another big pain. The other big thing is sitting in my office, and like, we know, we have this list of things to do. But they're all different chunks of work. But what's their actual? Like? How, you know, I can't answer any questions, as far as when the time is, how long the eyes are gonna be busy. So being able to have variable blocks, in your work scheduling, to say this is, this is 10 units of work, or one unit, or hours or days, or square feet, or whatever it is. dollar dollar value, whatever the metric is. So right off the bat, those are from the person sitting in the chair responsible for logistics. The other thing too, is just, if you're doing it on paper, it's the whole somebody lost, lost a sheet somewhere. We don't know where it went to get to shuffle through papers to find it. It's gonna it's all tied together. But kind of the paper angle is a whole other pain point to tackle.

Speaker 1  09:21
And papers really painful. Sorry, I'm starting my coffee. Papers really painful. When you shift things around, you add an item, remove an item, and then suddenly, you're in real trouble with paper.

Matthias Miller  09:34
Oh, here's me. Here's another thing. I'm just excited. What's your capacity? I mean, even on the worksite but, you know, so if a customer calls in I gotta have this thing by Friday. We got the crew. I mean, are we gonna have it Thursday crews gonna have Friday. Can you get this? Can I have this? Like, I don't know. Let me but shuffling my papers to find out how busy it's going to be. Ask the driver talk to him.

Speaker 1  10:00
Yeah, there's two other kinds of moving pieces that you can have as well. One is if you have multiple steps in a process, then then scheduling ties into each of those steps. And so you have the bottleneck challenge to deal with in calculating schedules. The other one is sometimes you want to do kind of broad scheduling for a team. And then, and then when you actually get down to the work, you do the individual scheduling for each of the team members. So that's what we're doing right now. And we can get into more of the two examples that we've got. But with goods, ag repair, we they were wanting to say, to be able to tell a client, well, this combine, we're hoping to start at around December 12. And we think it'll be done by December 17. And they're, okay add, having both the internal target date as well as the communicated target date. That's because we're doing custom software, we can have the end, we're going to try to have it done here. This is what we're expecting. But then we have a communicated target date, that's adds two days of padding, or, or a padding based on cycle job. So in the before jobs are assigned, we're going to be kind of, we look at the employees schedules time off, for example, other jobs coming in, and we kind of pseudo assign everything or tentatively pretend it where it was assigned to come up with estimates of when any given job starts. But then, as they actually get assigned to people, then that person's actual schedule starts filled in. So try doing that in Excel.

Matthias Miller  11:50
There's another standpoint from the management challenge, which is how do you hold people accountable? So and especially the more people you have involved, the more steps you have in the process? are they hitting their targets? Are these slipping? How soon? Can you catch it when they are slipping and fix the problem? Before you have ripple effects down the road?

Speaker 2  12:08
Yeah, yeah, I think, in my previous world, my previous lives have lived in one of those chaotic environments to know, either on the receiving end, I spent 25 years in the tree industry and 15 of that was spraying trees and you know, you, you can't you're constantly depend on the weather. And you go out, and it's a 60 foot tree, and it's a 40 mile an hour winds and well, not today. You can always go you can always go geographically makes sense. Because it's going to rain it forward. I could do this now. But by the time you've waited for three to four o'clock, it's gonna rain. So yeah, I was just and there was there was like, there's no system. There's though, you know, for weather apps and my truck, and that's what I had. And it would say, it's not gonna rain doesn't weather these raindrops on my windshield? And for? Yeah, yeah, I get all that, for sure. And, you know, you just highlight he kind of helped categorize some of these issues that I mean, if we're put in buckets before, but I certainly feel that, you know, or the guy doesn't show up for the he says he's gonna be there, you know, the employee doesn't show up. Next thing around. Israel. Yeah, so So that's, that's really helpful to categorize some of these things, because obviously, those are pain issues everybody's going to feel so then I guess the question then would be, how or how capable? How does that how software magically fix all these problems and disconnects?

Speaker 1  13:25
And then one step further if we want to, is what does success look like? I mean, so and you could probably go ahead and storebrand this once. I mean, once we get the basic bullets, but success is you knowing what's going on. And obviously you can you can put a lot of emotion into that one both on success and failure. Success is having plenty of work for your team to ensure profitability and productivity. Success is customers having clear expectations. Now the other kind of thing that would be really interesting to highlight is that I don't know if we did this with either of our clients. But the other thing you can do with this kind of thing is is let customers see status either by logging into a website by getting an email by getting a text message that's pretty powerful. And again, Excel doesn't do that. So so what what are other kinds of sucks are those of course successes Mathias was anything else stand out to you.

Matthias Miller  14:28
There's another one that I thought of this this came up recently in a conversation but knowing when to hire so you know there weren't gonna hire the guy you're you're gonna be able to pay for him because you know, lead time gets out to we know it's consistently been 12 weeks for how long and we went down to eight eighths or comfortable magic number or whatever, I don't know fill in the blank

Matthias Miller  14:55
you know, there's other elements of success. guys show up. No. do well on machine, they're not asking what needs to be done, they're not standing around wondering what needs to be done. You're not getting interrupted with those requests. Because you can, you can amplify the customer commitments, customers are happy, because they know, they know what to expect you exceed those expectations, right? There's a positive review cycle, they tell their friends, you know, et cetera, et cetera.

Speaker 1  15:26
Also, just time savings, I mean that there's a, there's a, there's a, there's $1 sign on that. But it's also usually the scheduling, sometimes they'll have people have dedicated office staff for that, and then it's just $1 sign. But often, scheduling typically most often happens by management. And so you're spending time the most the most loaded person is doing is doing busy work on scheduling, or it's, it happens by people that should be in production. So you're actually pulling capacity out of production to work on scheduling, when it should just happen for them.

Speaker 2  16:03
So it sounds like one of the big keys that you have with your software is just that integration between other components of the software. And that's like, that's a, that's the kind of thing that sets you apart from, you know, some other things, whatever competitive and competing software, you might be dealing with the fact that it automatically set it up so that this person like, hey, you know, looks like we're gonna miss this by a day or two. But you could have communication go out automatically to the customer in advance of that, if you know that. So you're not have to pick up the phone, saying, hey, you know, either wait for the phone call for them to be upset, like, why didn't you show up, or you can anticipate the problem, call them ahead and say, hey, look, this is our date. It's not going to happen. Here, here's, here's the, the new date, but all that can be even automated that what you're saying.

Speaker 1  16:47
That's correct. So you'd have the communication integration, you can also one of the other big things that we provide is just integrating it directly into the into your workflow. And so if you're coming in, they're automatically scheduled. And you can just see, bam, there it is scheduled, there's not a new scheduling step. But probably even bigger, I think maybe the biggest one is the fact that you can be tweaking how you view scheduling, because if you use out of the box scheduling software, you basically have to do scheduling, the way they think of scheduling. And with, with, if you're, if you're scheduling can be can fit the way you actually think of scheduling, that's really powerful. Because scheduling is always a it's always a bit of an art or an estimate. And so being able to, to fit your model is really helpful, and then you may tweak it as you like, our existing clients have so

Speaker 2  17:47
okay, that's really that's really good to know. So, I've not dealt with scheduling software, but I've dealt with other software and says, Well, this is plug and play, except for this one thing really annoys me and I wouldn't do it this way. Exactly. Yeah. Okay, yeah, moving make the analogy, I could probably think of some tool or something like that, that's, that's physical hands on, that would be comparable to that, you know, one setting that you can't change, it's really frustrating. But, you know, with the software that you could read reorient that so it would work better.

Speaker 1  18:18
It might be worth talking through the are two significant scheduling examples then as well. So the so the one that we have is for Triple D. and Matthias they said they think they've worked for Triple D. Or they've done

Unknown Speaker  18:38
they're one of our clients Yeah, okay. So

Speaker 1  18:41
now because they're Amish I don't know for sure how whether they want to be highlighted directly or indirectly and but last year, someone taught a walkthrough or talk through what their the high level what their their management system is, and then how scheduling ties in

Matthias Miller  18:58
Yeah, so I've been so gonna have to refresh my memory just a bit on some of the details but very high level so it's actually a completely independent system from the rest of their water management system. That's how they wanted it. But it's detailing multi locations multiple trucks I believe. And they are they've got two types of deliveries Well, yeah, lumber deliveries, metal packages, lumber packages, metal packages or both and and delivered by the lake to a customer relighting description and then they've got a series of status check that's kind of statuses some are some are flags and some are actual statuses like you know, set yes or no drop yes or no permit yes or no escort yes or no. I think those are predominantly requirements do you need you know with What is a customer looking for? And then their status Did you call? Did you confirm, and it was a complete. And most of what I said in the way this is represented is on a, actually, let me just pull up their calendar, I can show you their screen, I think that would give you a pretty, pretty clear picture

Matthias Miller  20:33
go, let's move this guy down here into it will zoom in a little bit. So first of all, we got days of the week, and then it's, it's by week, and these are little grids where you can see allowing for up to 15 deliveries per day. And you can you can reschedule it you can't you can't schedule in the past, but you can you can skip, just use your your finger on the touchscreen and move it around. Toggle the flags set. There's a try, try toggle permit, permit and escort so I don't know which one is which. But but that's a toggle between those confirmed and delivery made. So well that let's let's do then is they can hit the plus button. It goes into here. I don't know if they do any entry on the touchscreen or not. But they you know, they can feel the same pull it up on their computer, they can pick it put in the information. And then when they when they go back and pull it out. It's there for them. And then the delivery guys can see the glands. I mean, when you're scheduling, then you have a visual view saying oh, well, I got a spot on Friday, let me move it over there. And you can also they also use this for pretty easy categorization. So I believe, like, you know, the top two are for certain things and move down towards the bottom for other things and kind of listen, free flow, some of that, that scheduling. And then once the deliveries are made the the end of the day the delivery driver can come in and just check them off for whatever he's completed. And then if something is in the past was scheduled, or the past was completed, they can come in and obviously they know to check in with the driver reschedule. See what happened. Was Yeah,

Speaker 1  22:39
so this one here is really a this is a an interactive manual scheduling feature here. So Matthias, I had I hadn't quite remembered how this one worked. So this is not your automated scheduling. Right?

Matthias Miller  22:57
Correct. So now I mean, we should have a running system, I could probably create one if we needed to. But we did, we didn't have an automated scheduling system for New Horizons, they had five, they had 10 routes, two routes per day stops. And then you have this little, you probably have seen some kind of logistics system like this, but this map of top each of the steps listed down below, showing the order of the stops, time per stop, estimated driving time break for lunch, break start time origin, you know, origin destination, or, you know, starting return to the track. etc. So I mean, that's I'm mostly

Speaker 2  23:49
I'm thinking maybe what might be helpful for putting the email together here is maybe just a couple of screenshots of what you've done. If that's if that would work. To give a visual. Just yeah, that even for me, having having a picture like that is helpful. So maybe if you think of this one or something else you've worked on, maybe just shoot me a couple of screenshots of what the software looks like on a quantum monitor. And then we can use those potentially inside the email.

Matthias Miller  24:22
Yeah, good. Alex, let's chat about Sure. We can talk

Speaker 1  24:25
about the details on that. Yeah. So this is really just a example of interactive scheduling. And easy, easy work or easy way to do interactive scheduling. The the, the other one we've done and we're just you know, we've just proposed said that he emailed him today. So he just he's probably seen the price tag and I don't know if he's been able to swallow yet or not, but on goods and they do have a simple For the version that they're using right now. And I'd have to go back to Tim almost to ask what what are the differences between the earlier ones and this one, but he's managing, scheduling of, of from for a large mechanic shop, and keeping the flow of jobs going there. So I kind of highlight them the main details on that one, but it's automatic. If you know, jobs, when they are confirmed, automatically get added to the schedule, you can see the start dates. And then you can start assigning jobs to specific texts, and see and juggle things around and have it understand where things you know, what, what's going to be happening. So

Speaker 2  25:50
I envision this kind of picture putting out talking about like the pain points. So we talked about earlier, because I've identified that mentioning how automation is incredible, the integration is huge. And that's, that's what you can do. And then you can customize that to schedule like you think about scheduling rather than being forced into a box. Kind of some, maybe if I was gonna say like four or five bullet points headings that I would do, and then bring up one or two of these clients, and then pointing out specifically what that looks like what that customization looks like in real life. I think I've probably got enough to really put some meat together here now. Perfect, perfect.

Matthias Miller  26:33
Something else I'll I think this might be worth noting as well. You just want to demo this quick. There is a there are scheduled pronounce and prediction reports that they pull off in their deliveries. So there's the whole reporting aspect of Sure. I mean, pushing this stuff out to production, you know, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, like being able to generate some of this. Yeah, yeah. printout.

Speaker 2  27:01
So would you would you want us to me to reach out directly to Triple D? Or do you want to just kind of be run interference with a quick phone call? Or let me know, or what do you what do you think about that?

Speaker 1  27:13
What do you think? What's ice? I almost think you can reach out directly, especially if I have contact there. And

Matthias Miller  27:22
I think so

Unknown Speaker  27:22
I'm not personally dealt with them directly. Yeah.

Speaker 1  27:27
Yeah. I think that's fine. Oh, go ahead.

Matthias Miller  27:31
My proposal would be an email introduction from Ellis see seeing Nathan in John. But I don't know how much. I don't know that every pro with George's reaching out.

Speaker 1  27:43
That would be fine. Um, and, and I think we could say that, that he can communicate, he can he could come in a while he'll have a chance to review what what it is and he can communicate, you know, the level, you know, what he what he wants to have communicate or not?

Speaker 2  28:02
Sure. Would you want to just talk about them? Would you want to bring in the goods egg thing right now or? Anybody else? Or just use just use a single case scenario for this time around? Well?

Speaker 1  28:20
But yeah, okay, one reason to kind of go multiple directions on this one is because these these different scheduling features are so different.

Unknown Speaker  28:31
So now, I guess two of them are. One is auto scheduling of rounds. I mean, do you think it's worth highlighting that one or not the New Horizons one? I mean, it just, is it too complex to describe simply

Matthias Miller  28:51
mean, this one wasn't we actually literally get to the auto scheduling of routes. It's visualizing visualizing another map. I don't Okay. I'm not personally pushing hard. And there's a big client who wants a bunch of other stuff and they want this us but I am not sure I want it front and center is the leading shortly we're pitching. Yeah.

Speaker 1  29:14
I would probably highlight triple D's scheduling and maybe get a quote or two from him. He really likes us that might even be worth you know, just just a phone call where somebody's touching the feature but even more if you can get a quote or two on on what it provided for them that'd be even better. And and then I think I might also connect you up with with goods ag and just say that, you know, we're working on on an article on Sahar was on our scheduling and wondered if if rose would be able to talk to him a bit about it. What we've done and what he's thinking of doing, or what are you considering doing?

Speaker 2  30:09
Yeah, if you could just just kind of make me make those. If you want to reach directly, let me know. Otherwise, you know, so we talked here for me directly. I could start on the, the broader topic first, should probably by tomorrow have some pretty decent read enough, at least the first draft. But then yes, I think that that handles me on that couple of things just real quick, while I've got you here together. So we'll be setting up the MailChimp for you are also, you know, currently use that. So I may be reaching out to you for some details, part of the package that we're working on, there's also contact, curating your contact list. So needing to get that information moved over, I believe they want to do that monthly in a new context you have we import them into MailChimp, and sure, some some some MailChimp things we work with, you know, we do part and the client does the other part. And sometimes we do all we do everything. So I guess we'll have to know from you how much if any involvement you want to have with that, obviously, login information. But of course, there's different tiers for how many contacts you have as to whether we can stay in the free plan, or whether we want to upgrade to a different paid plan. And, sure, so there's a few logistics that will go into that. But I'll go ahead and see if I can get the basic things set up for you. And then work on designing a template and then be in touch as far as getting contact information from you. And how we would do that on a monthly basis whether you have a CSV file you can ship over and I can just import it. That'd be fine.

Speaker 1  31:46
And Matthias, I'm curious how broadly would you set the net for recipients on this one? It might be good to touch base on that. Well, Nathan's here, certainly anyone who's and I would say, Well, should we, I can think of three categories, ones, existing clients, and we should even talk about, you know, various contacts of those places. And another one is, is anyone who signed up for newsletter, I think is his fair game for sure. And the other one is just people who have otherwise reached out to us do we need to give them an opt in or the fact that they've reached out is enough to give them a MailChimp that they can opt out of?

Matthias Miller  32:31
It's, it's a annoyance in customer relation issue, not a I mean, we're giving them the option to unsubscribe. So that's what makes it legal. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  32:43
Nathan, do you have instincts?

Speaker 2  32:46
I guess it's gonna depend on how well you know these people. And you know, you want to build a relationship, not annoy somebody. So kind of maybe more of a feeling you have for how long your list is, and how well you know, the people on that list. You know, buffet may be the first one, you just kind of throw up, throw a wide net, see how it goes? See what your opening rate is? And all that. Yeah, no, I know, MailChimp says if you've had interaction with someone in the past, you're illegal to do it. But again, it's a best practice that sort of thing rather than than a legality thing. So sure, sure, in the US, but

Speaker 1  33:23
yeah, I mean, one option would be just to go through through our list of contacts, and see if they were, I mean, have calmed down ones that were reasonably interesting, and not just, you know, that clearly wasn't a fit. And

Speaker 2  33:41
these are these people, you want to just you're gonna do a mass import into MailChimp, or you're gonna want to do that and flag people as they come in. Or that could become a little bit labor intensive. If you want to have separate flags for people, especially for an initial setup. Sure.

Speaker 1  34:04
I was I was thinking we would just give you we just give you a simple csv file that you'd bring in without a with or without a lot of else there. Yeah, now I could see maybe, Daddy, can you pretty easily import tags?

Speaker 2  34:24
I don't know that. I've not done that before. But I could look at it and see if it's not

Speaker 1  34:28
that many. Anyway, I'm kind of thinking what we would do is only give each each month or whatever just give you well either just have been add people as interesting contacts, or or give you a CSV file once a month of contacts. And the one tag that I think would be pretty interesting would be tagging existing client clients, because I could imagine us is having and possibly even? Yeah, possibly we'd sometimes do communication that just goes to clients.

Speaker 2  35:11
And as far as they're gonna want to know what, what email address Do you want to use as you're sending email? Which, which query emails? Is that going to be going to come from?

Speaker 1  35:20
Probably solutions. Does that sound right with us? Solutions? Yeah. Solutions. It's the one that we have on our website, and or ads. So Gotcha.

Speaker 2  35:33
All right. And I think the last thing is, if I think this morning, they sent some ads to look over proposed ads that we'll be covering us through the first several months or maybe even your next year. So if you could just get some feedback on that and then we'll get better to design and they'll be in the way they'll be in the wings for when they come due. Perfect over the coming months.

Unknown Speaker  35:55
I'll take a look at those and get those

Speaker 2  35:58
Okay, well, I think that handles me for now and I can obviously reach out to you good to meet you, Matthias and that we've messaged all that back and forth. But I've got enough to get started with in and just kind of sit back and forth to keep going here and get get this out the door soon as we can. So

Unknown Speaker  36:14
perfect. Sounds great.

Speaker 3  36:16
Awesome. Yep,


Transcribed by https://otter.ai