Duane Burkholder  03:23
I am very unhappy with right now because for some reason, my, my computer has taken has taken. to disliking my doc. Hello, I am very unhappy with right now because for some reason, my, my computer has. Hello, I am very unhappy with right now because for some reason my. Hello,

Speaker 1  03:23
Ooh. Hello, I had I got it figured out for about a week last week and then. Hello, good morning. Hey, your tech works. Now, that is not completely true. I am very unhappy with right now because, for some reason, my My computer has taken, has taken to disliking my doc. there's legitimate reason. for some reason, my, my computer has taken has taken. to disliking my doc. Ooh. And I had, I got it figured out for about a week last week, and then it did it again. And I don't know, it's like, I haven't figured out the Thunderbolt security settings yet. It's like the Thunderbolt is blocking it. And it's very strange. So I don't know it's being grumpy. It hacks me off. It worked flawlessly for eight months, ish, something like that. And then one day, which this? This Lenovo. I've had some gripes from the very beginning with it. So it is what it is. No, I'm not gonna go buy a MacBook. Fine. That way, look like there were, there are, this is, this is one of those. Anyway, this is a useless conversation. No, Is not to have a MacBook.

Speaker 2  05:03
Well, it's, I refuse to have an iPhone. I refuse to have a MacBook. And some of it's just to be, I don't know, a bit of a middle finger to to to people that try to claim that these things are so much better. And so I don't know it's, it's immaturity.

Matthias Miller  05:22
Well, say I love having a Unix subsystem on my laptop. So there you go.

Speaker 2  05:38
Hey. So I have to tell you this, because when I read your email last night,

Speaker 2  05:46
it was I had this unique emotional feeling like I got my hand slapped, and yet I'm like, That's not exactly what it was.

Matthias Miller  05:56
That's funny. I thought

Speaker 2  05:58
you would appreciate that, because I feel like I just got my hand slapped. But wait, this is my project, and I think he's trying to help. Okay, that's fair. Like, get over it.

Matthias Miller  06:07
I'm trying to spend. I'm trying to take care of your money.

Unknown Speaker  06:14
Listen, I am.

Speaker 1  06:19
If I was as organized as Leanne, this would be a smooth sailing shit. There's a reason that opposites attract, and I married her who is at my front door. Oh, interesting.

Unknown Speaker  06:36
So anyway,

Speaker 1  06:40
I can't always rely on on her to be my my organizational guru, because she's a functioning executive of her own, and it's unfair to try to put some of these things on her. And so I have to learn to get better.

Matthias Miller  06:54
She's like, which part of my responsibility do you want me to drop to do this exactly? And you're like, we'll figure it out. Go on.

Speaker 1  07:02
So look, I appreciate, I appreciate the thoughts. I think it's, it's valuable to re visit this periodically to make sure we stay on track. Because it is like, I think I said in my email that my default mechanism is because, I mean, there is a tension between, you know, everything else that's going on here, from a company standpoint, and this, and it's like, it is hard to to balance all this. And so what, what tends to happen is, great, I've got time locked down the calendar. That's when we're going to work on it, and that's, uh, not exactly the most efficient way. So I need, what I need to do is probably start blocking out other times on the calendar where I just, I dedicate to work on it, where it's not, it's not with you, it's just with myself, yeah,

Matthias Miller  07:55
or some other body double of some kind, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  07:58
exactly.

Speaker 1  08:01
So, was my was my response

Matthias Miller  08:04
helpful? Yes, it was. It was great. And I like and I Yeah, well, thanks, thanks for the Yeah, I think. And I say this too, because I don't. I love Mark's organization. It really helps me. I genuinely love it and appreciate it, but it's not natural for me to go, go type in like that so

Speaker 2  08:26
well. And that's, you know, if, if I could,

Speaker 1  08:31
if I could have marks along for this project, if I could have Mark along for this project, we totally would, because it's like his, his, attend almost, he is is, is very attentive to details and extremely organized and almost to like, it drives me insane sometimes, but It's like, it is what gets things completed. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  09:03
it is Yep, and he's emotionally intelligent with how he goes about it, which is pretty impressive, in my experience. Maybe your, your mileage may vary, no,

Speaker 1  09:14
no, I tend to. I would agree his, I think, because probably English is his second language and not his first language. There are times when I'm just like, Mark, spit it out and stand on a confident Don't, don't, don't hedge.

Matthias Miller  09:32
Well, that's also the curse of being able to see multiple sides of a situation that impedes confidence and desire, drive for accuracy, but also culture and second language both planted. Well,

Speaker 1  09:43
there is there is there is this. I've noticed this already with Mark on a one to one conversation, he and I will have a very straightforward, free flowing conversation, but you introduce another Amish person in that conversation, and he was communication like. On a dime. It's like it switches. And, I mean, it's not just him. I see it with other individuals too. It's like when they talk to me, it's very straightforward. It's very, you know, linear conversation. But the moment you introduce another Amish person into it, it's like they go into this. I don't even know what,

Matthias Miller  10:19
yes, okay, this is really interesting. I've just assumed you talked about our dear friends who are like, Why man really like the guy, but we don't know what he does. I suspect part of that, yeah, I suspect there's like four different, five different layers to that, not the least of which being, you know, loving variety, but part of it is being conditioned in a culture where you aren't straightforward, and you let people figure it out.

Speaker 1  10:51
I've told you this before, but you do some of this as well. I've seen you do it when, like you and I have a conversation. It's straightforward, it's it's like, it's very it moves along quite, quite well. But I've seen it where, like, if you introduce, uh, like, there are times when you've joined a whole group of of people. And I think, I think it's some of your background as well. If there's something baked in, in an Amish person from very early age that says you do not get to confidently stand on your opinion, yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:23
Uh, especially well, it's part of one of the one of the reasons is because there's such, well, I don't know if this is the only reason. I mean, it's multiple things. First, the passive aggressive way that the Amish deal with things, and a lot of the guess what I'm thinking. But also because they so extremely highly, uh, elevate the they so highly elevate the group over the individual. Yeah, it's really like, I don't know where I belong, because my opinion might not fit into the group think. And so you have this weird acceptance, rejection thing that goes with opinion, and it's really hard to figure out where things lie, rather than just putting things out on the table and being like, Oh, we can figure this out. That's really fascinating. Yeah, I can totally see that.

Speaker 1  12:20
I I mean not to, was not meaning to pin you to the wall on that one. But

Matthias Miller  12:24
no, I, I actually appreciate it. The thing about blind spots is that you don't see them. And I,

Unknown Speaker  12:34
that is the

Matthias Miller  12:38
definition of the other issue is that the forces, the biggest forces, that shape you, it's, it's, it's akin GK Chesterton has this in the man who was Thursday he was, he talks about Sunday being so big that you couldn't see him. And, I mean, I think that's true of the forces that shape us, is that unless you're, I mean, Benita and I have had various interesting conversations about this. There's family who has a pastor at their church who insists that if somebody shows up to church wearing a scarf, he will be offended, and the person wearing the scarf will go to hell because of it. And like said, as much and like the forces that shape us. And I guess all that to say, I think as my wife has stepped away from the culture we've seen so much of the the darker side of it, but you don't it's really difficult to see the like, the forces that shape you as a kid are usually so strong and so just normalized that unless you really step away, or unless you've got somebody from the outside giving lending you perspective, it's almost impossible to recognize, and yet it's so core to who you are.

Speaker 1  14:00
Yeah, yeah, so, and I've always, I've always

Unknown Speaker  14:06
marveled at

Speaker 1  14:09
and I there was a time in my life where I can, can you still hear me? I switched microphones

Matthias Miller  14:15
clear, actually, okay, good.

Speaker 1  14:19
It always amazed me when ever like and Leanne was the first one who pointed this out when I was earlier on in our marriage, that what who I was at home and around her and our family would flip whenever I got around my siblings or my family, and she's like, I don't know where you go, but you go back to some 14 year old something or other, that's just and it's like, after a while, it's like, yeah, you know, you're right. And I worked really hard to try to grow out of that. And. Yeah, and now it's, it's, it's almost fun to go be with my family, because I, I feel like I can, I can be who I am. And, you know, I don't, I don't need to some of the old tit for tat, stuff that tends to happen to bunk siblings. I don't need to get involved in anymore, because it's like, it's not who I am. I'm so far beyond that. You know that it's like, I don't even care about that anymore, but then, but then I see some of my other siblings do that, and I'm like, Yeah, okay. It is, it is a thing where there are things that trigger us as individuals to to revert to portions of our life that well, okay, I worked with a therapist last year that her description of this was that, as we grow in life, areas of our life, as as we grow and mature, areas of our life will generally follow that maturity level. But then due to trauma or certain big events in your life, there is a portion of your maturity that will get stuck right at there at that point. And then as you go on through life, there will be things that trigger that, and you will go right back to whatever that that maturity level is. And so one of the things that we talked along quite a quite a lot about, is we want to go back and we want to find those and we want to speak to them so that we can release that that cap on your maturity, so that can grow up to where it should be, and you can become a more well rounded person. Yep,

Matthias Miller  16:38
that makes 100% the the hilarious thing is that Benita told me something recently. Obviously, going back for a funeral is probably not the best way to find my best self amongst my siblings. I know it's not, actually, but she made this. She made the comment that I'm actually getting to the point where I don't mind being around you, when you're around your family, like, that's kind of it's very interesting to hear this coming from your perspective.

Unknown Speaker  17:12
It's almost like, Ouch, that hurts. But thank you for the compliment.

Matthias Miller  17:15
Thank you for the compliment. Like, I had no idea how completely, not completely messed up, but I had no idea how messed up I actually was. I just thought it was a normal human being like, shoot.

Speaker 1  17:34
Pass, good. All right, let's if you don't mind making this a bit bigger. I'm sorry, for sure.

Matthias Miller  17:45
Can I do just like that

Speaker 1  17:50
that? Well, I mean, any one of those back two would be fine. I mean, that's that's perfect. I'm gonna have to just start carrying my glasses with me, because it's

Matthias Miller  18:00
my grandpa used to. Used to say, Samish, preacher used to say, yeah, if you get old overnight, if I would have gotten old overnight the next morning, I would have gotten up and gone to the doctor.

Speaker 2  18:14
It's so true. Well, you don't get old overnight. And it's like you sit there and you grumble and complain and like, just carry your glasses. I don't want to

Matthias Miller  18:27
exactly anyway. Do you want? Do we want to talk about user roles, or do you want to just name permissions throughout the spec and and define user roles later? I Yeah,

Speaker 1  18:44
well, let's just No, I mean, I'm fine to jump on that a little bit. I I think it will morph though. So either it is and I don't have a good feel for what it's, what the process is to go back and build permissions levels after you, let's say, let's say we went, we pushed that to the very, very end of the project. How, like is it harder to do at that point than it is to do it along

Matthias Miller  19:16
the way? No, I don't think so. Let's just, we'll just do this, if

Speaker 1  19:20
it's not any harder to do it now or to do it at the end of the project, then I vote to punt it to the very, very end, because that will be a lot clearer as to how we want to break out some of that stuff. That

Matthias Miller  19:36
makes a lot of sense. I love it. What other permissions do we need? Do we want separate?

Speaker 1  19:44
I mean, very, very high level. There's going to be levels of admins, and then there needs to be some sort of accounting permission. I do want a read only permission where you can go and you can view all kinds of stuff. But you just can't make any changes at all. We have, we have, like right now with cricket Valley, we have one of the owners that likes to come in and run reports and look at things and and, but he doesn't make any changes. And so having a read only permissions level that would let you view a lot of stuff, we probably have to talk about what they get to view, but almost like, almost like, there's a very low view only, and then an admin view only, like you can go see everything in the system, but you can't make any changes, or you're very restricted down to, you know, certain things as a view only, sure?

Matthias Miller  20:41
I mean, that could be kind of layering, the accounting and the, yeah, others, other stuff. All right, so document based on permission. I

Speaker 1  20:52
wonder if there's a you only something we've never used in assist. I'm assuming you have some that that that's a possibility, right?

Matthias Miller  21:00
I mean, in some form or fashion by some combination of permissions, yes, okay, yep. I wonder if we let's do this to permissions. What if we just moved everything over to I

Matthias Miller  21:24
uh, let's actually do this.

Matthias Miller  21:34
I am labeling these as to permission so that we can can get them out of our search for now,

Speaker 1  21:47
I think there's one. So I think we can go pretty much live in my office. There's nobody currently in my office that I'm afraid of that needs to be restricted in their permissions level, so we can, we can go, we can start using, using it in my office. We can start, like all of that before we ship to market. Yeah, we gotta figure out permission,

Matthias Miller  22:11
right for sure. So let me just, I'm just going to rip through these and get some of these cleaned up. Because, okay, so that one's not data, access, other notes, copy, clear, delete, I don't know. That's fine. That's not there should be anything in there, the payment record, special considerations, data, access, product, record,

Matthias Miller  22:57
most of the stuff we'll have to just probably Just like go through step by step anyway, but So then what's useful then is if we come up with with appropriate permissions, and it's almost easier to make them pretty granular, like, can you view, like, some things like accounting, you

Matthias Miller  23:19
do need, yeah, something like

Speaker 1  23:20
accounting, we're going to completely wall off for some permissions, like,

Matthias Miller  23:24
right? But for some things, like, can you whatever? In other cases, just having it be pretty, pretty specific makes it a lot easier to say, Well, does this permission? Like, no. Like, this is what this permission does.

Speaker 1  23:40
Let me ask you this. In the case of and I haven't gone and tested this, like, over an assist, but like, at the bottom of records and assist you have accounting impact URL, can that be hidden if you don't have access to that level?

Speaker 1  24:02
I would expect that, if you're restricted from going there, that you would get some sort of you're not allowed to see this. And I like, those are the kind of things that's like, always feels like, well, that's just dumb. Why don't we just hide the URL you're not allowed to

Matthias Miller  24:14
Yeah. I mean, you just see an empty report. But yes, yeah, yeah. Okay. So this will have to be, this is a contract level field expression memo, which I think addresses your concern. You'll start beyond contract, the contract script. But I mean, you really think, don't you know which specific contract you're working with.

Speaker 1  24:57
Yeah, I mean, so I'm i. And wherever you generate. Let me think

Matthias Miller  25:06
so. If you're accessing it from the contact record, by the way, why wouldn't this populate a note record? If you don't want that? I

Speaker 1  25:23
Okay, let me, let me, let's. Do you feel like you have a grasp for what, what we're aiming for on some of this stuff. This is

Matthias Miller  25:30
something like, I'm gonna assume this is something like a welcome call or a collection call, and you've got some things you have to go through and check off, but maybe I'm thinking

Speaker 1  25:38
wrong. Yeah, that's, that's one usage of it, this the the other usages that will be probably much more heavily used are throughout RTO Pro, but not throughout. Based off of the the their account record, you can generate letters whether they're past due, letters whether they are oftentimes that we have, there's also letters there, like, for like, like, contract transfer letters, and all of those are able to query the database for particular fields, but it's always based on where you're generating that letter From. And I'm assuming, I would assume that if you're generating a letter from, okay, I think I'm seeing what your question. It depends on where you're like. So if you're generating a contract record, well, then we would be querying contract fields, and if you want to pull in,

Matthias Miller  26:42
yeah. So one way we can handle this is basically making these be no templates, and we decide whether we the only tricky thing from an implementation standpoint is for each database level that you want to support like you'll have to have a contract contacts, contact, sorry, contract, contents or a contract. Script, contact, script, building script, anything that you want to telepathize. I

Speaker 1  27:11
would think that the only place you're going to be, well, okay, we can, I think probably where we're going to, where we're going to land on this is that you only get letters when you're on the contact record, and so we would have to base it from the contact level record, and that we'd have to have, you know, in a record, look up macros that to be able to drop in for database fields that pull from the contract record, that pull from the building record, that pull from The interconnected records. Okay, I don't know. I don't think. I don't my gut feeling tells me that you wouldn't be on the building. Generate a letter from the building. You wouldn't be on the contract record. Generating a letter from the contract record, where you're going to do this is always in conjunction with a contact, because you're going to be sending that letter to somebody.

Matthias Miller  28:04
But then if you're sending a letter, are you ever going to send a letter to a manufacturer about a specific building,

Speaker 1  28:13
like a more likely be an email, which is needs to be supported kind of the same way. I

Matthias Miller  28:22
mean, you could just generate the, I mean, you would just right, but then you need to select which building it's going to be for. Like you might access it from the contact, but you really want to,

Speaker 1  28:45
well, I guess, I guess, what is the possibility of, when you build a a letter template or a email template, that you define the record level that it lives on, and then wherever, If you're on a building, then you only get emails or or letters that are that are templated for that record level. They would, you know, so if, if you wanted to, if you want to generate something from the contract, what you could have letters throughout the system that are, that are contract level letters, but for the most part, all, for the most part, this is going to live on the contact record, and it's going to pull information from those, those other levels.

Matthias Miller  29:30
So my thought is this, imagine you select, okay, it's not going to be available for user record, but let's go to a let's go to that customer, and we hit do note, and here you would have a as you know, maybe if note is blank, or I don't know, or you just have a template, and you select the template, like past due collection, and then boom, it populates. In here with the template, evaluates, populates for this contact.

Speaker 1  30:04
So then that would that would then store it on the on the record, which is cool. And then you would have an export that you could print it off the PDF off of this,

Matthias Miller  30:16
yeah. Then notes could be you could have a print letter. You could potentially have a send email which pulls up an email template. I guess we don't really have a way to edit before sending, so maybe, maybe you just copy and paste it out.

Speaker 2  30:36
Yeah, wait What

Speaker 1  30:44
can you? Can you on a Send Email? Can you? Can you copy out the body of well, I guess if you're without, without first exporting it some way it becomes you get database fields.

Matthias Miller  31:00
I mean, you could add, all you have to do is add a subject line. It's like,

Matthias Miller  31:10
Wait, let's, let's,

Speaker 1  31:12
let me, let me ask, let me ask some specific questions so I can follow your train of thought. Yep, so you're saying we could build template files, that those templates could be in a drop list on a note, that when you selected that template, the database fields in the template would automatically fill the note with the information based off the Template field. Yes. So then, if that's the case, can can, if you said, if we had a Send Email button, which basically just, you know, does the whole, well, okay, one or two questions, can we, would we want? Which way are you going to go with that? Are you going to say, well, we could add you a send me an email button, which opens up a new browser tab, and, you know, opens up your Gmail and, and, you know, puts the information in. Or can we be more elegant than that, and have the software itself send out that email?

Matthias Miller  32:14
You can't have the software itself send out the email. The main thing that you might have to do is prompt them for the subject line. That's fine. Send Email prompt for the subject line. You have to have email configured in the setting of or in the system. Of course, send it to the contact email, a reply to back to the current user, and probably a no no reply from address, something like it, or however you want to, you want to do it, but yeah, you totally can. I

Speaker 1  32:55
kind of like that, so then you can go off and build templates, and

Speaker 1  33:06
how does, how do you specify on the templates what record level it's pulling from?

Matthias Miller  33:12
You have a drop list on the template, and then basically, this is getting into the weeds, but it might help you explain you have a drop list of record type or something. Or you have know what the why we need this type anyway, you have a record type, which is like contact, contract building user, which you probably don't need, etc. And then under the hood you would have, you would have a contact contents, contract contents, building contents, user contents. And you would just show them, you know, show and hide these. We under the hood. We're gonna have to have different fields to put it in. On the surface. It's going to look like just one box. You

Speaker 1  34:06
This is where you lost me a little bit. Why would? Why wouldn't? Why? Why wouldn't we just do them as like they are, essentially macros that you, you know, a macro name that you drop it like you would, you know, with, with the pound signs on either side of it. And, you know, if, if it's, if it's labeled as like, you'd have to have some knowledge of building letters. So, you know, we probably have to build some documentation on how to build some of these things. But for the most part, we have a contact level macro that, you know, goes and brings in building information, or buildings in contract information if you're on that level, if you're on if you set your your template for the contract level, well, then you can pull direct contract database fields. I mean, there's some to do this, but, I mean, we'll ship it with the number of templates. And you know, the smart people are going to go deduce from those 10. What's going on?

Matthias Miller  35:02
Yeah, you can do that the macros. Obviously you'll need to, when you create the macros, is it the latest contract? Is it the sum of all contracts? Is it a list of contracts, etc, when you're coming at it from the from the contact record? But, yeah, but

Speaker 1  35:17
I mean, you, I mean, it'll have an assigned parameter in there asking for the contract ID of which one we're looking for.

Matthias Miller  35:24
You'll have an ask prompt that what you're thinking, Well,

Speaker 1  35:28
I was thinking more inside of your in a sign parameter inside of the macro that looking for a contract ID if you're going over to the contract record,

Matthias Miller  35:37
right? But people still don't, but still which one, if there's multiple, I mean, you still have to write it as a macro that.

Matthias Miller  35:52
Okay, so if it's a building, let's say it's a contact letter that accesses the contract.

Speaker 1  35:57
Oh, wait a minute, and you fire it up. I'm sorry. You're if you have multiples in the RG, then it's problematic to figure out which contract you're trying to pull from. I get Yes, you're right.

Matthias Miller  36:10
Otherwise, just drill into the contract and go build a contract script for it, because that's what it is. It's based on the contract. Now, if it's based on the user, you have a past due. And here are the contracts, well, that's different, that can run on the contact. You go look up all all contracts that they're that are open and which ones are past due, and throw it all together and show them what's going on.

Speaker 1  36:36
Okay, some of the Okay, let's this is, this is one of those things I think you and Seth need to you probably can figure out an elegant way to make the navigational workflow of this thing work. I think you're right in that we have templates that generate notes that can be exported into either a PDF export or be generated an email inside the system. Now,

Matthias Miller  36:59
on the PDF export, does it? Are you going to do anything fancy with with window envelope placement, or anything like that?

Unknown Speaker  37:05
With window envelope placement,

Matthias Miller  37:09
like, or like, when you're when you're mailing, like, mailing a letter? Yes, I I'm just going to tell you straight up, that's going to be a nightmare, or it's liable to be a nightmare, at least in the first iteration.

Speaker 1  37:26
Can you can not, not be part of building the memo, the template like the but as part of the as part of the template, like, we'd have to figure that like, it would be trial and error to figure it out. No.

Speaker 1  37:56
I mean, kind of like the sales order addendum, things that's more like this. I

Matthias Miller  38:03
I mean, potentially you could, you just need to make sure you start far enough in the top left. So I suppose you could, yes.

Speaker 1  38:10
So go to the, go to the sales order addendums up there towards the top. Yeah. So sure, like I spent, I don't know how long shifting things around to get this all default to come out to the, you know, the correct, you know, whatever, whatever. I mean, it's not it takes a bunch of trial and error work and test work, but, I mean, eventually you can get this thing to print perfectly.

Matthias Miller  38:41
Yeah, the other option is doing like we did for assist, where you specify the the location dimensions, and it auto calculates, but that's

Speaker 1  39:00
but once, okay, if they're printable letters, like printable, like, if you want them to be printable that and they fit inside of an envelope placement, then literally, the work is creating the first one. Everything after that is basically copy that template and go make, you know, go make your changes and and update your fields and make your second one. And it's like, once you do the work of the first one, it's kind of done, is it not? Yeah, am I thinking too simplistic? You have hesitations. I

Matthias Miller  39:32
mean, it's going to be a nightmare. It's just, I don't know. You're going to have 12 of these. And now you change your window placement and, oh, by the way, I want to send this as an email, I gotta delete the address off the top. That looks tacky, yeah, but that's a

Speaker 1  39:48
different template. If you want to do it as an email, we'll just call that, you know, an email template versus a print template. For the same thing,

Matthias Miller  39:58
if you think. Yeah, well, it's the simple solution here, but it means then that you would do something like, you know, you know, sending address, blah, blah, and then you have a, you know, contact name, contact address, and you are more likely this is Uber Oh,

Unknown Speaker  40:29
that's more elegant than what I was thinking.

Matthias Miller  40:33
And then you just print and print and print print until you get the right thing in the right place, and you add rows, and who knows what you do to get it in the right place, and then you do to who may concern or,

Unknown Speaker  40:47
Hey, so what's but what's the alternative?

Matthias Miller  40:55
The alternative is putting it into software in some capacity which is going to be complicated, and I think if you're happy with this, I'm happy this is simple, like, we'll just the worst thing about it is that if the main template has one inch margins, then you could never change away from one inch margins, because you're going to mess up everybody's address formatting stuff.

Speaker 1  41:20
Well, I probably would. I mean, we can specify the margins from the initial. Can't we

Matthias Miller  41:25
over the initial? Yeah. I mean, it'd be safe for all systems. So,

Unknown Speaker  41:31
well, okay, so

Speaker 1  41:37
I, I've grumbled and complained about the RTO pro editor, because it's, it's as janky as this is. So anybody coming from RTO pro it is going to be, it's going to be like, Oh, they just made another janky letter system. So maybe, maybe we want to, like, do we want to? I don't know what I'm asking. If I say, Let's go make a more elegant solution.

Matthias Miller  42:03
Well, here's what we did with assist checks. It's probably a day or two of developer time, but with assist checks, we basically said, I think you just have two things,

Matthias Miller  42:16
one is, one is,

Matthias Miller  42:18
what's the what's, what's, what's up here. See if you make, if you can make the assembly,

Speaker 1  42:28
Where's, where's that information that's on the in assists here,

Matthias Miller  42:34
these guys, so you got signature placement. I mean, like, literally, you're just saying,

Matthias Miller  42:50
I don't know why the amount needs to go out like that.

Speaker 1  43:02
But okay. But back to the simplistic solution. How's that any different than you go into Google Docs and you make a a a template, or you print

Matthias Miller  43:12
out, we just do that. Um, tell us what the the main thing is, it's not user configurable, so you need to go ask them, go send us a Word document that we can use that fits your address window placement. And then part of implementation is you go pay us for an hour to to create a custom template for them.

Speaker 1  43:36
Otherwise, you finagle around with the template and the simple editor, and you make, you put your stuff in, in either, either boxes like this, or can you on the boxes? I guess. Can you? Can you make it so it doesn't print the lines?

Matthias Miller  43:53
Yeah, you do sell borders. Yeah, I don't think it does. By default.

Speaker 1  44:07
It may not. I'm not sure. I'm

Matthias Miller  44:12
pretty sure it doesn't. This might, but,

Speaker 1  44:17
but from the but again, Matthias well, like we'll ship with some sort of example template and then go build, like, use the example template, copy it and go build what you want, right? I think we I and if somebody says, Look, I absolutely hate this. Is there nothing better we could do something better. Send us a send us a PDF of, or send us a word document of exactly how you want this stuff to look. And we'll go build your custom template. Yep. I mean, I'm fine with that.

Matthias Miller  44:46
Okay, so let's do this. Let's go. Do you care what levels it's on? Like, can we does it literally need to be for every. Thing. Do you want them on payments? Do you want them

Speaker 1  45:02
on Well, the temp, if you're telling me, we can do the templates. We can define what level it should be on, and then that filters based on whatever Contact Detail screen that you're on. When you hit the Generate letter, it Gen it filters your, your your templates, by your, by the record level that's defined on the template. I

Matthias Miller  45:22
mean. But what I'm asking is, do you want to support this on anything that has a note you want to you want to support templates for

Unknown Speaker  45:32
no

Speaker 1  45:35
it would only be contact, contract product. I

Speaker 1  45:48
and payments, as we will need to, we will need to come up with a way to export the entire payment history. So those, those would be the four, well, the

Matthias Miller  46:00
entire payment, the payment, you don't need to export the entire payment history, but, but if you wanted to issue a receipt or something for payment, yeah, for single payment, right? Alright, let's, let's, we can. I can get with him, and we can together.

Speaker 1  46:23
Am I correct that if that based on on the record level, that the record whatever detail screen that you're on, we could filter based on the you know, what's defined on the template

Matthias Miller  46:34
itself. And are you fine? If you select a template, are you fine? If the template is do you care how it works? If, if you type in a note and then you select a template, what if we What if you had a template drop down underneath it and an add button? We have something similar here, where you have a snippet and then we say append, and it puts it down at the bottom, something like that, good. Or do you, do you want to the

Speaker 1  47:09
question? Then the question then becomes, well, I guess if you, if, if you put in a letter that's supposed to be printed out and you've got information above the above your addressing information, you tend to screw everything up.

Matthias Miller  47:29
Well, I mean, the other option is either blanking it out or having a Okay. So do you want, if you select a template, do you want to blank out the contents? That seems weird. Do you just make the template out

Speaker 1  47:46
the content? Because there is a potential that you put a template in, you want to kind of add some more information to template it before you print

Matthias Miller  47:53
it. No. But like, do you want to require this to be blank to use a template? Ooh,

Unknown Speaker  48:01
that's a little bit tricky,

Matthias Miller  48:03
because you might want to switch to another template so that's

Matthias Miller  48:11
you can have a drop list with a load button.

Speaker 1  48:21
This is one of those things that I just don't know that I really want to address. And if somebody starts typing a note and goes, I want to add a template, and they add the template, and it's like, well, not that's looks all silly. Well then go fix it before you print it. Duh. Like, if, if you start typing a note and then you append a a template to it. It's just going to put it at the bottom, whatever you're writing. Well, then silly, you go delete what you like. It's kind of on you as a user. If you print it that way, or you emailed it that way,

Matthias Miller  48:53
it's on how you sell it. You can be like, Oh, you can actually have little you can actually put three things together. If you have three letters you want to say, you want to say, you can put them all in there, and then you just delete a few things and rearrange it, and boom, you have your letter like you can actually merge templates together. You can sell it as a feature. Append is easy and simple to understand. That's the only thing I'm after. Is, is it's really confusing. If you say this, okay, I start typing, and then I switch to a template, and then, and then the

Speaker 1  49:23
only, the only thing I would say is if it would make it a little bit more WYSIWYG instead of a pending, if you, if you pushed anything that was there down and you did it above, so the template would always be at the top of the insert. It would be an insert. The

Matthias Miller  49:41
other thing we could do is you could just have a drop list, you choose it, and it says Warning, this will replace your note contents. Are you sure you want to do this?

Speaker 1  49:49
Well, that's actually kind of cool. And then, but then, once the once the templates in there, I would still be able to go in there. And, you know, yeah. Okay, no, let's do that. Let's, let's wipe out anything that somebody has put there. If you go ahead, if you like, if it's, can you, can you warn only if it's not blank? Yes, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  50:14
I like that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  50:27
So

Speaker 1  50:29
I like, actually, this idea I really like, because that way that letter gets, or that email, or whatever it is, gets immediately on the in the in the history, it's like nobody ever wonders what happened. There

Matthias Miller  50:45
Exactly, exactly one question as far as who the email goes to for a

Matthias Miller  51:02
product, does is email going to the manufacturer. Do you

Matthias Miller  51:20
need a drop list, a multi select Drop list of relevant people who it might go to.

Unknown Speaker  51:29
Yeah, but how do you define relevant people?

Matthias Miller  51:32
Well, I mean, you can't just say it goes to these people, and if you don't want it to go to these people, well then you should just go copy and paste it into email record and send it yourself. Like, is that so hard?

Speaker 1  51:55
So if you were on a product record, then it would make sense that you were, that you had a drop list of manufacturers. If you were,

Matthias Miller  52:05
if you were, I would just go to the manufacturer. Yes,

Speaker 1  52:10
yeah, but that's not necessarily true, because what if I wanted, what if I wanted to send an email about this building to the RTO owner? I

Matthias Miller  52:24
fair? Do you want to have a drop list and default the drop list of the recipient?

Matthias Miller  52:38
Have have a drop list of email recipient that defaults to the customer, customers.

Speaker 1  52:50
I think it's pretty straightforward that if you're on a contact record, that you would be emailing this to the customer,

Matthias Miller  52:58
right? But what if there's a secondary customer in one of the contracts? Mm, the contracts? Yeah, would you include them as well?

Unknown Speaker  53:11
So Riddle me this. I

Speaker 1  53:24
uh, you have something else like this, hold on a second. Well, your email templates are, your email reminders are kind of like this, um,

Speaker 1  53:39
so you can, you can do it like, there's, there's the Yeah, take, like, you have this, yeah, like, like, all of that. Why wouldn't? Couldn't. Is there another way that we could do something like this? If you, if you select, select, send an email that it you could generate the template in the body.

Matthias Miller  54:07
Well, we will, but we needed, we still need to know who to send it to. What am I missing? You're saying the template would specify recipients.

Speaker 1  54:16
Well, unless we said, unless we just made it wide open, and we said the two you can define, like, it's any contact record, you just literally search for the person's name. Well,

Matthias Miller  54:27
I would, I think what I would do is default to, just default to the person. Like here, default to the person

Speaker 1  54:34
if you're on the if you're on the contact record, it defaults to the primary customer. Yes, if you're on, if you're on the contract record, again, you would default to the primary customer. If you're on the if you're on the manufacturer, if you're on a product, you would default to the to the manufacturer on that product record. And if you say, Well, no, that's not what I want. Well then you just. Go and change, change it, go, go search, and the drop list would be wide open. Like, if you hit the drop list, you're going to get every contact record in the system. Yeah, I think that's and then if you populate the email beside it, so that you know that you got the right email, I'm I think that's kind of, I'm fine with that. I

Matthias Miller  55:35
might actually need to be all contacts, not just active ones, because if you deactivate a contact, you

Unknown Speaker  55:45
contact Yes. Active contacts, yes.

Matthias Miller  55:47
Okay, so if you, if you pull up an inactive contact and try to email them, it's going to give an error, I can't find them. Yeah, in the list. Okay, fine, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, and then add a i i call print note or Export notice PDF.

Unknown Speaker  56:15
I don't

Speaker 1  56:18
export sounds. I'd say we could

Matthias Miller  56:25
do print note in parentheses, PDF,

Unknown Speaker  56:28
yeah, yeah,

Matthias Miller  56:32
okay. I'll spec this out with Seth.

Speaker 1  56:35
By the way, I do think at some point we're probably going to want email reminders on the system that you can you know, the same way that email reminders works in assist, that you can generate stuff that you can tie reports to, and you can email

Matthias Miller  56:49
better than more, more important than, as separate from recurring notes or something like that. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  57:04
Oh, I didn't think

Matthias Miller  57:06
about you could have a recurring note with a template that preloads with report content.

Speaker 1  57:11
Yeah. But the biggest, the biggest thing on on email reminders, you can tie up a pathway to a report, and you can email out a report that's going to be you're gonna, we're gonna want something like that. You know, you can automate reports out to the to the owner or so. I don't know, not some just make a note somewhere that we need to talk about it at some point. It's, it's a, it's a to do for some.

Matthias Miller  57:37
We can throw it in. It's, it's my module. I don't know what I charge for it. It's going to be whatever Well, unless we're expensive. But we could just, we can literally just add it in, and we'll figure out some kind of, I don't know what

Speaker 1  57:55
I mean, unless, unless we wanted to go rework it. And I don't know.

Matthias Miller  58:05
Well, it's a to do the

Speaker 1  58:08
only, the only thing I would say that I don't like about email reminders is that it my preference would be that it would attach the document or the the the report, rather than as a PDF, rather than put it in the body of the email. That's my own. That's doable, but it just, you got it. You've made a note, right? Yeah, okay, then let's move on.

Matthias Miller  58:36
Okay, so we got so this is, this is contracts. We're going to call this. We're going to call these note templates, right?

Speaker 1  58:50
Yeah. How's that different from like contract scripts? Then

Matthias Miller  58:55
contract scripts become no templates,

Speaker 1  58:59
but if you just want to, okay, yes, but if you just want to pop one up to to work off as a checklist,

Matthias Miller  59:06
then you would still create a note requiring follow up.

Unknown Speaker  59:09
Well, that again, that documents the fact that you did it.

Matthias Miller  59:13
And you could even say that, why would they even add a checkbox to the template that says, Add checkbox to the template for requires follow up. And when you select the type the template, it populates.

Speaker 1  59:35
And then the fact that we stored that would also, if you're doing a welcome call script, that that would that actually documents and actually gives us an actual document to go and reference for our payment risk index.

Unknown Speaker  59:49
Yeah, hallelujah.

Matthias Miller  59:52
But that does mean, this does mean that the template should be a field on the note so that we. Can report on notes by template, potentially blank out the template. Well, there you go. Oh.

Matthias Miller  1:00:22
Okay, so then I can take that. That was incredible to do. Seth, no, where's my to do? IDD, we also have to do, I will also advanced configuration is fine for configuring RTO companies.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:50
Hold on one second. Yeah, I

Unknown Speaker  1:01:14
Okay, say again

Matthias Miller  1:01:17
the here, uh, yeah, are

Matthias Miller  1:01:28
you fine with having configure rental companies buried under Settings? Configuration?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:35
Where else would you put it?

Matthias Miller  1:01:37
I mean, I don't know. Just Are you fine with it? I don't I mean, it makes sense to me, unless it needs to have higher visibility. But to me, it's configuration like, it's

Speaker 2  1:01:47
yeah, like, Yeah, okay. I don't have a problem with it. Is he?

Unknown Speaker  1:01:56
Is he proposing putting it somewhere else?

Matthias Miller  1:01:59
No, that's where he put it. He put it. He just wanted to make sure. Okay. You gotta understand, people these these guys love to double check and make sure that they did it right. That's fun.

Speaker 1  1:02:10
Anytime somebody double checks, I always feel like, Are you proposing something different or

Matthias Miller  1:02:15
right? No, he wasn't. He that's that was his proposed placement. So do we need both a percentage of product price, including tax, percentage of product type price, excluding tax? Yes, we do.

Matthias Miller  1:02:40
Yes, monthly.

Speaker 1  1:02:48
What happens? Wait, wait, wait, wait, go back to that question, the on the Damage Waiver fee thing. What was this question? Is it

Matthias Miller  1:02:57
the monthly dwf or the total contract dwf? Well, it's a monthly fee.

Speaker 1  1:03:01
It is. How does that work? If someone's paying weekly, we're just going to divide, divide the dwf by

Matthias Miller  1:03:12
well, how does it work? In practice? What's the real world? Do you know how the real world works? Or is this a business, business problem, research thing

Unknown Speaker  1:03:24
may get it to do for me to go to think about that

Speaker 1  1:03:33
in some way, form or fashion, we're gonna have to handle that. I'm assuming if people do on a weekly basis or bi weekly basis. So I need to, I need to think about that.

Matthias Miller  1:03:44
Okay, can a CRA,

Speaker 1  1:03:48
can you make it a to do underscore, think, or to do underscore? DB, underscore, think, yep, I like it that way, that way. It's not a I want to start to if, we're gonna, if we're gonna use this as part of our process, to push some of these things to go figure out, then let's define to do's versus things.

Matthias Miller  1:04:10
Yep, I like it. CRA contract does not have, or can they have. I should know this same as cash. I yeah,

Speaker 1  1:04:27
I would think so. Why wouldn't you? Why would you exclude see same as cash on a CRA if somebody wants to come and give me $2,000 and say, I'm going to pay this off in 90 days? Well, hallelujah.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:42
Hallelujah.

Matthias Miller  1:04:50
Landlord information needs to go down the other section here. Contact phone. Oh, okay, I really don't want to be in here. But

Matthias Miller  1:05:08
wait,

Speaker 1  1:05:09
we had some, I thought we had talked about something for references and landlords and some of the like. We had something, I know we did. Yes, there's an RG on

Matthias Miller  1:05:17
RG on the on the contract record. Do we still need? Be that the

Speaker 1  1:05:21
contract Well, I mean, it would be on the contact record, wouldn't it? Or is it on the contract record? It's

Matthias Miller  1:05:26
on the contract your references, and one of the options is landlord and

Speaker 1  1:05:29
reference. Yeah. So what was his question? Well, we, when you

Matthias Miller  1:05:33
and I were talking last week, you said, Hey, we need to know to handle landlord information. And then after that, we added it to the drop list. Is this done?

Speaker 1  1:05:41
I mean, it feels like it's done unless, unless, unless we cross wires with something

Matthias Miller  1:05:47
Well, I mean, unless you needed something additional more than what's on the contract, then no, be good. All right, so can dealers be individual? Sorry, can manufacturers be individuals, or do they have to be an organization? I

Unknown Speaker  1:06:05
don't understand the difference.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:13
Why wouldn't they be just a contact record?

Matthias Miller  1:06:15
Well, you could force whether it's the difference is, do they have a first name, last name, or is it just an organization

Speaker 1  1:06:27
like this? I hate to expose my ignorance, but I didn't even know that that was a possibility. It's the

Matthias Miller  1:06:33
difference between Bill Frank Inc, versus

Speaker 1  1:06:36
Yeah. So the so if you select organization, select the organization. Yep, is there? Is there a way to make contact? Like, to define who a primary contact? There is then no, okay,

Matthias Miller  1:06:56
but you could have, but you can create an organization. So let's do this. Jeffrey Dallas, we don't have any work. Oh. Jeffrey Dallas with the shed factory. So you have an individual tied out to a mean, to a to that, but there's nothing that says, Oh, you're the primary contact.

Speaker 1  1:07:13
So when you search contacts, how does that work? From a search functionality,

Matthias Miller  1:07:19
then you'll see, you'll see Jeffrey Dallas in the shed factory. So, so on the what we could do is on the building record.

Speaker 1  1:07:30
Well, we don't have, you don't have an all contact search currently. I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:07:35
yeah, we don't, um, well, I'm

Speaker 1  1:07:37
going to go over to assist. How does it all, how does it all contact search over there work?

Matthias Miller  1:07:44
I think this might actually okay.

Speaker 1  1:07:45
So if we, when we I would say we have an all content we do need to have an all contact search at some point that you can that organization would be one of the drop downs, and so you could search any contact record that you know is an organization, or is tied to an organization, a context that are tied to an organization. Is that fair? Yep. So your question then about organizations was, what do we want to force it? Do we want to say that the contract the manufacturer field on the I'm assuming you were talking about the product record needs to be an organization,

Matthias Miller  1:08:18
yeah, if you have a manufacturer type entry does that to be an organization.

Speaker 1  1:08:26
I'm okay with that. Okay, because you can go, you can go create a what's the what's the type for just a person like or like, what are the types are we going to have? We probably right now we have customer, dealer, salesperson. We probably just need, I don't know what's it some sort of generic contact.

Matthias Miller  1:08:52
You just leave it blank.

Speaker 1  1:09:01
So blank is allowable. Let's see. Is that, is that list of contact types? User editable? Yes, so you could go to the list and add some more to it, yeah, just for the sake of of reporting, okay, yeah, I'm fine with that. If it's, if it's, if you're going to set the type to be manufactured, then it automatically makes it an organization. Is that that's

Matthias Miller  1:09:30
what you're saying, correct? Yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:09:38
But you can have, I mean, dealers, maybe individuals, right? I

Matthias Miller  1:09:47
mean, they might be a sole proprietor, for all we know.

Speaker 1  1:09:53
Ah, I kind of want to make a dealer, an organization then, because then you would have, why wouldn't we? You?

Matthias Miller  1:10:01
Okay, then should you have a salesperson

Speaker 1  1:10:03
for that dealership? But then be that you could assign that to that organization. I

Matthias Miller  1:10:07
mean, that dealer? Should we have a menu? I mean, we could also add a manufacturer rep type. That's an individual I

Matthias Miller  1:10:20
so you have manufacture, manufacturer, rep, you'd have dealer and salesperson.

Speaker 1  1:10:32
So, okay, here's a crazy idea. I don't know if this can be done if you're if you have in the same this would be the same thing for dealers and for manufacturers. But is it possible to populate a list of people that are assigned to that organization on the organization contact record when you're when you open up that detail screen? So if I have, if I have, huh, yeah. So I have vinyl structures, if I make Gabriel slay ball and I assign him to that, you know, to vinyl structures, when I on the vinyl structures detail screen, I would have a list of people and say their email and phone number that are assigned to that organization. Yeah, I think that'd be cool.

Matthias Miller  1:11:18
That doesn't address typing. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:11:23
Saying, well, it sort of does, because then, if I'm on the dealership record and I have, let's say I have Joe Schmo who is a salesperson who's assigned to Joe schmoes shed sales as an organization when I'm on, that when I'm on, Joe schmoes shed sales, I would see that sales person there listed right along with it. Or maybe I'm not understanding your question here. I

Matthias Miller  1:12:08
Okay, so here's the shed factory. So you would want to be able to see organization contacts.

Speaker 1  1:12:20
There's a, if there's a, if there's a person out there as a contact who is, who their organization is, set to that manufacturer, then you would see that when you open up that manufacturer detail screen.

Matthias Miller  1:12:36
Surprised, we don't have anything like that. But anyway, so

Unknown Speaker  1:12:47
But does that answer your question?

Matthias Miller  1:12:50
Okay, hang on, let's answer this so you have name view link and do you want email and phone number? Yes,

Speaker 1  1:12:58
primary email and primary phone. I mean, do we do? We do primary email, yeah, primary phone number,

Matthias Miller  1:13:06
okay, so then, but then, when you create these, would you still have a salesperson type, yeah, and you, would you have a manufacturer rep type, or you just leave it blank.

Unknown Speaker  1:13:18
We have a manufacturer, oh,

Matthias Miller  1:13:21
like you have dealers, the company, salespersons, the person, manufactures, manufacturer Do you have an individual contact type for the manufacturer rep? If we

Speaker 1  1:13:31
made a manufacturer rep type, then I'm going to say we, we're going to require that you have to fill the organization,

Matthias Miller  1:13:39
which you should for a salesperson too, shouldn't you? Yes, I mean, couldn't you require that? And now we're into requiring linking between obviously, you can't change it from a manufacturer to a different type once you got people linked to it, which is probably fine. Yeah, that's fine. Don't have a problem with that. Okay, so then we have it. Just maybe this is my slightly OCD consistency thing.

Matthias Miller  1:14:17
Okay, so then,

Speaker 1  1:14:22
okay, okay, let's be OCD about it. If you, if you are a, if you are designated a salesperson, then you must be tied to an organization, yes, to dealer organization. If you're a manufacturer rep, then you must be tied to a manufacturer. I think we should make a manufacturer rep. Um, I um,

Speaker 1  1:14:46
I mean those, those two in particular, I think that we should like, you require organization in order to like. If you define it as that, then you're required to set, set the. Organization. If there is not an organization, then go make an organization first. And I think, I think at that point you're basically your contact records have a lot of value. Then,

Matthias Miller  1:15:15
I mean, yeah, like now you now, you actually, now, we're actually getting some somewhere. So then, so that on the contact record, you still,

Speaker 1  1:15:26
what about? We also need an RTO rep. Then, and is RTO? Is RTO companies is that? Is that a contact record?

Matthias Miller  1:15:36
RTO company is not. That's interesting. I did not think about that. Should

Unknown Speaker  1:15:43
it be? Why couldn't it be?

Speaker 1  1:15:52
Because then you need, you need, like, I could see RTO reps where, you know, it's an RT owner, it's a RTO owner. It's an RTO you know, someone who's the core RTO company. You can have an RTO company rep, then, then needs to be assigned to an RTO organization.

Matthias Miller  1:16:16
That's actually, here's one thing I like about you. For all your rabbit trails, you have some really good instinct around simplification, so

Speaker 1  1:16:28
I'm gonna need to take a break. I got AP asking that needs some help on some stuff. Can we take a few minute Break? Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:16:35
totally. All RIGHT. Yeah.

Speaker 1  1:19:47
Yeah, ooh, that might be a really good idea. I.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:58
I have another genius idea.

Matthias Miller  1:21:00
Know me please, I'm making coffee and listing,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:09
if there's

Speaker 1  1:21:15
can we when you generate A user profile prompt the person when they save to ask them if they want to generate a contact record for that individual. That would if you generated a contact record, automatically linked them down at the bottom, like you had linked contact records and user profiles secondarily, can we on the user profile, generate an email out from the user profile that automatically gives us the URL that the person logs into and invites them to The system.

Matthias Miller  1:21:58
Why do you need a contact record? I

Speaker 1  1:22:10
Oh, right, because we decided to make notes to the user profile instead of the contact. Oh, I forgot about that little piece. I well, but what if I wanted to email this letter to myself? You would need a contact record for that.

Matthias Miller  1:22:33
I don't know why

Unknown Speaker  1:22:35
I would ever do that, but you know,

Matthias Miller  1:22:38
well, I mean, we could always BCC the person sending it.

Speaker 1  1:22:48
Don't, don't necessarily like, okay, ignore the ignore the last part, or ignore the part about generating a contact record. But

Matthias Miller  1:23:02
welcome. Email to well, okay, so that's the side note. We could, we could. We could use the note template for it and you do it manually. Welcome email.

Speaker 1  1:23:26
I mean, sure, so then I guess, I guess we need to add one more to the to the list of of records that we want to assign do scripts on which would be user, user profiles,

Matthias Miller  1:23:41
something smoky with my computer.

Speaker 1  1:23:43
Yeah, that's fair. And we just, we'll just, we'll just auto generate, and we'll just generate a, we'll have, we'll ship with a, with a, a template that,

Matthias Miller  1:23:53
yeah, hey, it's going on. Something's goofy. I All

Speaker 1  1:24:05
right, okay. The reason, the reason that that idea hit my brain about generating a user profile or a a contact record, because it it's a pain in my butt every time I want to go and make a sales rep to make sure that remember to create the user profile, then create the contact record, which it's this. Anyway, I digress, we don't need it.

Matthias Miller  1:24:30
Okay. So,

Matthias Miller  1:24:41
okay, so maybe,

Speaker 1  1:24:43
maybe, maybe I have a fairly decent instinct for wanting things to be simple, because maybe

Matthias Miller  1:24:51
I'm just simple person. I was working with a manufacturer recently, and we're talking about problems with his haulers, and he's like. Like, I don't understand most people, but I understand haulers. They're simple. People give them a box of donuts and take them out for breakfast, and things change.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:09
Oh, my goodness. He's so right.

Matthias Miller  1:25:13
He's like, Oh, right. I have, I have dealers who just give him a soda, and they're their best friends, and they move all the buildings around, and the other dealers just are snarky and won't give them anything at all, and they have the worst time with them.

Speaker 1  1:25:29
It's so true. This is, this is how true. This is like, if you've got a hauler who, if you've got some haulers that are just being jackasses, it's like, take them out for breakfast. Tell them really hard things. Feed them coffee and donuts and eggs and bacon and, you know, and pay for their breakfast. And the, you know, they're good for three

Matthias Miller  1:25:47
months when you just need to put it on your calendar. Then, well, we

Speaker 2  1:25:51
do, like, literally, like, we've gotten to the point here in North Carolina where it's like, once a month, you know, we get together as all the haulers, and we go out for breakfast, or we go out for coffee or whatever, and and, you know, we just have a hauler l 10 meeting, and it's like, and then then things work really good for A while. I love it so true.

Matthias Miller  1:26:17
That's hilarious. I

Speaker 1  1:26:24
I think that the truth of the matter is that most people are fairly simplistic, and the more you can make it WYSIWYG and and like it's just it makes people happier, in particular, when it comes to software, if you can figure out, if you can figure out the most WYSIWYG way to do it. People will be like, this, software is amazing. Buttons are always in the right place, and everything's always in the right place. And it's just like, that's where it should be. Oh, look at that

Matthias Miller  1:26:52
exactly. What should the record name be for contact? When contact type equals dealer, contact. What should the record name be? I don't understand. I

Matthias Miller  1:27:26
Okay, who should be able to edit contact tags? This is a to do permissions.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:33
We're punching that for right now.

Matthias Miller  1:27:35
Punt, punt, punt.

Speaker 1  1:27:40
The whole entire system is everybody's an admin on the system. Until we figure out permissions

Matthias Miller  1:27:46
you're gonna do. We have alt name, but can you just do an override name? What now? So somewhere here, I don't know where this came from, there was a request for an for an alt name, if the contact is an individual, like, do you know, did you add that, or is that just leftover?

Speaker 1  1:28:05
I know nothing of that. Okay, I think this.

Matthias Miller  1:28:09
This is so we're in the spec and should be removed here. And from the snippet, I just, let's not think about it. Don't worry, you're pretty good about it.

Speaker 1  1:28:20
I mean, isn't that what the display name is for, where you can change the display name that's in my mind, yeah. And then what the override box is for,

Matthias Miller  1:28:29
yes, yes. We want the organization list.

Matthias Miller  1:28:42
Okay, I'm just gonna do done dB, because I hate searching for, well, I guess it doesn't matter, because it's you, but I much prefer change to do done.

Speaker 1  1:28:52
Oh, why in the world? Why would I do to do dB? Underscore done. I still have the DB in there. It's done. Oh, gracious, Dwayne. Some days. So I

Matthias Miller  1:29:01
switched. I switched Anyway, whatever I was messing with it, rental companies. Does the rental company drop list apply to all contact types, like dealers, mean manufacturers, but you have a separate manufacturer record for different, different RTO

Unknown Speaker  1:29:20
companies? Yeah, I'm lost.

Matthias Miller  1:29:23
Okay, so we have we say this customer is for cricket Valley. Okay, then we say this dealer is for is also like, do we tie it out to this rental company as well? Yeah, if you have multiple rental companies, should they see each other's dealers? Does

Matthias Miller  1:29:53
rental company need to be a multi select Drop list

Unknown Speaker  1:29:57
rental company? And this would be.

Speaker 1  1:30:01
Uh on you're saying, if the contact type is dealer, does the does that need to be a multi select Drop list?

Matthias Miller  1:30:11
Or do you have, okay, you're running for two companies, there's a dealer. Why does a dealer sell to multiple RTO companies? That doesn't make sense. Do you ever have a dealer or manufacturer that sells for March?

Speaker 1  1:30:23
Why do we need to define the rental company for the dealership level? The dealers are assigned to manufacturers, and manufacturers are assigned to rent to own companies. Do we need? Well, no, we do need to stand alone work with a standalone dealer. No, no, that's That's correct. We may have, we may a dealership, may be independent of a manufacturer, like I've got one right now that wants to he's just a standalone dealer that wants to work with a rent to own company, right so now, does it need to be multi select

Unknown Speaker  1:30:55
for the rental company?

Speaker 1  1:30:58
Manufacturer, I think needs to be multi select, but not the rental company. A

Matthias Miller  1:31:02
manufacturer might build for multiple RTO companies, because you have a dealer, three dealers, and two of them sell with this guy, and one sells with the other guy. Or what, I

Speaker 1  1:31:13
didn't quite follow your analogy there the the dealership, a dealer can sell for multiple different manufacturers. So that does need to be multi. Select the manufacturer, droplet, the RTO company. I'd say it's single.

Matthias Miller  1:31:29
Well, can we, can we map this out? Okay, so on a hang on. Let's break this down. So a dealer. Dealer is an organization, okay, so, linking you have a RTO rep, one RTO company, required, manufacturer. Zero to n, RTO company.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:09
What is zero to n?

Matthias Miller  1:32:11
Just zero plus zero to many? Oh, then you have manufacturer rep, one manufacturer required, then you have dealer.

Matthias Miller  1:32:41
Do you want to did

Speaker 2  1:32:49
my family just put up some picture of, Oh good lord, I gotta share this with you. Hold on a second. You're gonna die. You're gonna die on this. How do I share this? This is, this is worth taking a moment, just for the sake of this right here. Where is Matthias? I don't want to put in your Matthias and Audrey. I take it, pull that up, pull that up and stick good, gracious alive. Okay, that was at my brother's wedding. Okay, so that was a lot. Oh, my

Matthias Miller  1:33:41
Chris, So walk me through if Christopher left.

Speaker 1  1:33:45
Yep, that's Krista jana's bit. It's my youngest sister's behind her. Okay, um, so I Addison's on Leanne's. Wow, she looks like a child. Keyshawn standing. I I've had the conversation about what we used to have another adopted child, right? You and I had that conversation I don't actually remember. So Nicholas is the guy. Nicholas is the child sitting on the on the stool,

Matthias Miller  1:34:15
okay?

Speaker 1  1:34:18
Oh, my goodness. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We all were a lot younger and a lot thinner,

Matthias Miller  1:34:26
and that's the only other one. That's lorita. Lorita is your sister, right, top right, top right. Yeah. She shot our wedding photos.

Speaker 2  1:34:37
She did. Yeah. Oh. That's hilarious. Oh, my

Matthias Miller  1:34:46
throwback.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:50
Okay, back to work.

Matthias Miller  1:34:52
That's hilarious,

Speaker 2  1:34:56
man, it's so long ago.

Matthias Miller  1:34:59
Okay, so

Matthias Miller  1:35:08
then you have a okay. Why not say? Must I

Matthias Miller  1:35:28
I guess,

Unknown Speaker  1:35:36
not necessarily. I

Matthias Miller  1:35:45
Okay, so you have an RTO rep, the RTO rep has to be, well, this is, this is all. This is the rep is the same as this. So the only thing that we really care about is organizations, how organizations like so RTO company, so manufacturer can be linked to, I mean, if they're active, maybe require an RTO company. If they're active, do

Unknown Speaker  1:36:12
we want to require?

Matthias Miller  1:36:15
We don't have to. I

Speaker 1  1:36:17
don't think. I don't, I don't know why we don't want to manufacture? Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:36:23
I may. Let's, let's not require manufacturers. Let's not require, yeah, not required there.

Matthias Miller  1:36:30
And then a dealer can be one or more RTO companies. Or is it one to one, one to one, one, and is that required? No, I

Matthias Miller  1:36:46
Okay, and then the dealer to manufacturer, you can have zero or more correct so they have to be within the same RTO company. No, okay, do we

Speaker 1  1:37:09
I don't know that. I want to. I don't want to validate that the manufacturing, the dealer and the same RTO company, they may or they may not be, I don't. I don't for the most part, yes, they would be, but I don't know. I don't. I don't necessarily want to require it.

Matthias Miller  1:37:21
Doesn't that mean that if the dealer sells for manufacturer, if you have an RTO company login and a dealer sells for manufacturer, you might not be able to pull manufacturer because they're for a different company, like you have to I

Speaker 1  1:37:56
Okay, that scenario again. Say that again.

Matthias Miller  1:37:59
Okay, so let's say that

Unknown Speaker  1:38:02
dealer is logging in to generate an RTO contract.

Matthias Miller  1:38:05
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:10
and so if he didn't,

Matthias Miller  1:38:13
if you can have a dealer that's part of one RTO company selling for manufacturer who's not part of that RTO company, and the and an RTO specific contact logs in. They can only see things for that RTO company, then they're going to have trouble.

Speaker 1  1:38:43
So, so here's, here's Okay, here's what's going to end up happening for I think, I think okay. So maybe we do, maybe, maybe we say, hey, dealer, um, manufacturers and RTO companies. Dealer manufacturing, RTO company that like if, if a deal is linked to manufacturer, then we're going to validate that they're also linked to the same RTO company. Like they can't be a mismatch there.

Matthias Miller  1:39:09
I also think you want to take it a step further, that if you've got a dealer, if you've got two, if you're managing two RTO companies, and the same dealer in both, do you really want edits to the dealer record on one to go over to the other company.

Speaker 1  1:39:26
Well, what will end up happening is we'll just, you'll have to generate a second dealer record for the same for the same dealer. So

Matthias Miller  1:39:32
we should just force a dealer to have a, I mean, or a manufacturer to have only one RTO company. And if you need a manufacturer selling for multiple then you create multiple records. Uh.

Speaker 1  1:40:03
Uh, the likelihood does, almost doesn't exist, that if a manufacturer wanted to sell to two different RTO companies, that you would end up managing both of those companies in the same software by the same people. That's yeah, let Yes, move forward with what you were

Unknown Speaker  1:40:27
saying. I may regret this, but

Unknown Speaker  1:40:31
I think you're right.

Matthias Miller  1:40:32
I just, I'm really afraid that we're going to come this is a word complexify the record restriction, filtering stuff

Speaker 1  1:40:43
that should be a company name, complexify even I think you're right that, yeah, I think you're right.

Speaker 2  1:40:53
Complexified, make your life more complex. No, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:04
Is that any work worse than perplexity?

Matthias Miller  1:41:07
Well, it's well, perplexity actually kind of makes sense. I'm scratching my head. Can you help me?

Unknown Speaker  1:41:12
Like, yeah, exactly. Okay, moving on.

Matthias Miller  1:41:16
Okay, so manufacturer, no, but if you I think RTO company has to be required. Otherwise the manufacturer disappears. You don't know who it's for.

Speaker 1  1:41:34
What if I'm, what if I'm doing other services, then I just want to manufacture that I may, I may be doing consulting with, and I don't want to

Matthias Miller  1:41:44
have it not be a a, then she uses

Unknown Speaker  1:41:48
a manufacturer, go make it a regular contact

Matthias Miller  1:41:51
record, yeah, or a, you know, consulting customer, for Example. Okay, okay, all right, fine, be that way. I Okey, dokey. Now I'm doing the simplification route. I am the simplifier. I

Matthias Miller  1:42:23
Okay, so now have we covered all the i

Matthias Miller  1:42:48
Okay, do you want a gender?

Unknown Speaker  1:42:52
What does that mean? Disallow changing RTO, contact. Type,

Matthias Miller  1:42:56
sorry. RTO,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:59
sorry, company. Type content.

Matthias Miller  1:43:02
Like, if you set up an RTO company here, after you set it up, you shouldn't change it to be a manufacturer or anything else. Like, it's just, it's a special thing. I just don't think we want

Unknown Speaker  1:43:16
to. Yeah. So

Speaker 1  1:43:20
what you would then deactivate it and go make a difference,

Matthias Miller  1:43:23
I think so, or rename. I don't know what you would do. Rename it, merge, I don't know what you would

Speaker 1  1:43:30
do like so how would, how would that work? So what do you So, what? How? What are we going to validate on so that we don't have duplicates, duplicates in the system, in that, in a case like that. So when it's an organization, what do you validate on?

Matthias Miller  1:43:50
Well, we allow duplicates. So, I mean, we could, I could see this sounds like a lot of work, but a little bit of work, but on the RTO company, we could remove the the record identifier on the end so we validate again. Or we could just validate against duplicate names for RTO companies.

Speaker 1  1:44:09
Oh, that's right, we were going to put the, never mind you're putting putting in, you're putting in the, the some kind of idea at the end of the, yeah. I mean, technically, if there's a cricket

Matthias Miller  1:44:18
valley of Kansas and cricket valley of North Carolina, and somebody wants to manage both, and call them both great. Somebody wants to manage

Speaker 1  1:44:24
both, and call them both Great Valley. Here's the gun. Yes, good. Vital. I forgot about this whole tagging on the end an ID and yes, perfect

Matthias Miller  1:44:37
side note not to get distracted. Do You Have You Ever Have you heard of or watched you through Chronicles? If you have time to kill, it's it's like,

Unknown Speaker  1:44:53
oh goodness.

Matthias Miller  1:44:55
Think you've encountered all as youth pastor, think again. I. Speaking of guns, somebody took a muzzleloader, who was talking about or and had a muzzleloader and put black powder in it, and the, you know, shot at the back of a guy's head, and the guy completely faked death, and all the kids ran out building screaming at the top of their lungs. I mean, they're stupid, if they're stupid,

Unknown Speaker  1:45:23
indeed. Anyway,

Matthias Miller  1:45:25
gender field do you want? What field gender Do you want? Gender on a contact record, customer or something? I

Speaker 2  1:45:46
if I put it there, I'm gonna mess with people. I would, I would have a whole list of a whole PC compliant list, just to mess with people.

Speaker 2  1:46:02
The No. It goes like this, male, female and other and other requires you to fill it in.

Matthias Miller  1:46:12
We can also give you a pronoun list with a custom drop list of,

Speaker 2  1:46:15
oh goodness, oh man. You want to talk about you want to talk about these single this would be, like, the single biggest thing that would turn people off from buying the software.

Unknown Speaker  1:46:26
Do I want a gender? Why would I want gender?

Matthias Miller  1:46:30
I have no idea. Um, you're talking

Speaker 2  1:46:35
I want to look up all the female clients in my customers. You want

Matthias Miller  1:46:39
to do? You want to Yeah, you want to, do you want to do analytics by gender? Okay, I was, I was gonna say you need to know which Shannon it is, but that's

Speaker 1  1:46:51
okay. I'm fine, leaving the gender box in there. But do you have, is there is other an option?

Matthias Miller  1:46:56
No, you're not that PC or contact gender. Genders were very boring.

Unknown Speaker  1:47:13
Can you add other

Matthias Miller  1:47:16
you can, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:47:17
okay, so you can add, you can add to the gender list.

Matthias Miller  1:47:20
What? No, you can't add. No. I mean, we could ship. They can ask, they can ask for customization. We can add to the list. We don't let people add to the genders by default, actually, yeah, we do

Speaker 2  1:47:37
put in. They them. These are sir, you know what? There's, there's if I, if I can get JCM Randalls on board, I am totally shipping their gender list with something stupid and wacky just to mess with them. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:47:57
you can't add to a list. You can't add to the list. You can't from the detail screen, I'm pretty sure. But obviously you can there,

Speaker 2  1:48:04
yeah, yeah, okay, so good, yeah. Let's do gender. That's That's fair.

Matthias Miller  1:48:13
Ah, you stinker roof. Do we

Matthias Miller  1:48:22
want to internal? ID. We'd like to allow duplicate names of customers. Okay? How

Matthias Miller  1:48:32
to Handle duplicate names? I thought we were talking about just doing the I thought

Speaker 1  1:48:37
we were taking the we're going to have an account number as part of the contact record, right? And we're going to tag that account number on what

Matthias Miller  1:48:47
we've been using historically is, is this three in the URL where it's, you know, Jeffrey Dallas,

Speaker 1  1:48:57
number three, yeah, but no, we addressed this somewhere. I know we did

Matthias Miller  1:49:01
okay. I mean, you talked about this here. Do we like to allow okay? So if we do something, it seems like we should have a short code on the RTO company.

Speaker 1  1:49:19
Okay, hold on a second, hold on a second. Yeah, search the spec for there is something in here where we talked about account number

Unknown Speaker  1:49:32
and can

Matthias Miller  1:49:42
uh, account number, account number, account number,

Speaker 1  1:49:58
somewhere Seth had asked me. On how we wanted to display some of this stuff. And I know, and maybe it was for the tabs. I don't remember if it was, was it that? Was it tabs?

Matthias Miller  1:50:11
I mean, somewhere up here I'm seeing this record name, like, how do you want this? But what if we wait, but don't you want on an account number? Won't, don't you want an RTO company specific prefix, kind of like we do for ABC, like your account number and your audit number would be so you have abc, 0001, ABC, 002, ABC, 003,

Speaker 1  1:50:33
so for, from an RTO company standpoint, I don't, I don't mind if you want to, if you want to put the the what do you what are you using?

Matthias Miller  1:50:40
We could, we could also do something like, we could do the number of the, well, this might get a little weird, but we could do the number of the RTO company, like the record number, yeah, the big thing is, what happens when you have 10,000 contacts and, yeah, it's an RTO company. So you might have 10, 00001, and then you might have your contact ID after that to get this really big account number.

Speaker 2  1:51:15
Wait, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:51:19
I'm lost on the specific question. Specific

Matthias Miller  1:51:23
question is, how do we want to handle account numbers? But,

Speaker 1  1:51:26
I mean, it wasn't, wasn't the question of, how we representing names throughout the system?

Matthias Miller  1:51:31
Well, yes, that too, both, oh yeah. The question was, how do we represent names? Which was, we use account numbers, and then when we said we use account numbers, then the question was, how do we generate the account numbers, right?

Speaker 1  1:51:43
Yeah. And I know that I talked we talked about this as well, that account numbers are auto generating. I'm 99% sure we talked about, yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:51:53
So then,

Speaker 1  1:51:57
and I think if I remember correctly, we talked about also having a system setting whereby you can define both the length of the length of the account numbers and and this and the start number.

Matthias Miller  1:52:14
Okay, so I think I

Speaker 1  1:52:16
work as this guy, but in order, but in order to to to validate for duplicates. I think it should be customer name, dash account number, or is it customer name, space account number, or something like that.

Matthias Miller  1:52:29
Okay, so I think it's something like, here, where's the here we go. Here's what I think, proposal, not knowing technical details to Seth, let's talk. So we have a on the RTO company. Have a account number prefix must be unique, but okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:52:54
But so if you're

Matthias Miller  1:52:55
running for cricket Valley and you're running for for I don't know what the other person is, but yeah, rental Reapers of Kansas, you would, you would, they both started. This guy starts at 1000 and this starts at 2000 and

Speaker 1  1:53:11
are we saying then that every single contact record has an account number, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:53:19
where customers have an account

Speaker 1  1:53:21
number, and your customers have an account number, and everything else. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:53:28
we need some kind of unique ID for everything else.

Speaker 1  1:53:30
Yeah, but I mean, at that point, then just let's the record. I mean, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:53:37
Okay, so let's do some Okay, so let's do so, am I thinking right that you need a prefix based on RTO company,

Unknown Speaker  1:53:54
prefix or suffix?

Matthias Miller  1:53:56
Well, I don't care. Which one do you want. I

Matthias Miller  1:54:04
Well, let's do this prefix suffix. So which would be? It could be any text abbreviation.

Speaker 1  1:54:17
Okay, but let me, let me. Let's clarify something else, because I'm stuck on this. Okay, if we put account numbers on for customers, do we have to have account numbers for everybody else? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:54:29
I theoretically not, and then we would just for everybody else. You would, then you would get duplicate validation. If you have sales person one, sales person two, you got to figure out, clean up

Speaker 1  1:54:39
the duplication. Well, why wouldn't we just, why wouldn't you just use their their record num ID? Okay, but

Matthias Miller  1:54:45
then, okay. So then this would be so for customers, it would be displayed as zero, zeros and and account number digits, or minimum account number digits. And so for for customers, you have something like, for customers, you. You would have 10024, CB, and then you said pipe. We really don't want to use pipe if we can avoid it because it

Unknown Speaker  1:55:14
I'm fine with with hyphen,

Matthias Miller  1:55:16
okay, then, but then, how do you want to display? I mean, I

Speaker 1  1:55:19
would want it the other way around. I would want the name first in the in the in the in the whatever, the Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:55:27
Then can we do something like sales rep? Can we we need something to distinguish between so that, because we don't, we can't have these numbers colliding, so even if it's record number we need.

Speaker 1  1:55:46
Okay, so the other option is, we just give an account number to every single contact record, and it's auto generates,

Matthias Miller  1:55:55
yeah, I mean, we can. It's, I mean, basically what we would do at that point, it kind of makes me wish we could get very close to auto generating that potentially based on number of contacts that exist prior to this Record starting number, plus you would still freeze it. No, it's still auto number based on it's still an auto number. Okay, I like

Speaker 1  1:56:30
the Okay. The only, the only thing that we're going to have to think about here is that when we migrate data, account numbers, we need to migrate.

Matthias Miller  1:56:40
So we do need, but we'll migrate. So, so if we have an account number field, I don't think, I personally don't think,

Speaker 1  1:56:52
well, well unless, unless we fielded, unless we fielded a migration account number field that you can then search on, no,

Matthias Miller  1:56:59
we'll store an account number that you can well, I guess we could, but there's no reason why we can't have the account number field be editable on import and just freeze that account number in there. Like, I don't see any issue with that. But then it still goes back to this question, and this still ends up being a you question of, Do you want the from a business standpoint, simplicity says, Use just auto number, whatever contact it is, auto number. But if that's not how people think about it, if they want to know, we have added. I mean, there are Amish people in particular who will say, Oh, we added 20 customers or 260 that's great. What's the contact number, account number coming through on this one?

Speaker 1  1:57:57
Okay, let me, just let me, let me, let me, let me see if I can get my thoughts out of my head. The only thing critical from an account number standpoint is customers. Customers have account numbers because they have an account in the system. They have an account like there's a contract number that goes along with their contract and so those account numbers and contract numbers are two numbers that always get used throughout the system, for everybody else, you don't care. I just don't want it to be like, I don't want, I don't want to set the expectation that a, a RTO company has an account number and any, any dealer, has an account number. And I don't want to, I don't want to call them account numbers. At that point, the only people I really want to call account numbers are customers.

Matthias Miller  1:58:44
Can we do this so you can't have duplicate RTO reps, sales people, dealer names within an within an RTO company? I

Speaker 1  1:59:09
and the suffix would be derived from what

Matthias Miller  1:59:15
the RTO company code.

Speaker 1  1:59:18
So then everything else needs to be assigned off to a but what if I want to do a contact record that's not assigned to something like a non typed Contact record? Then what? So don't particularly like the I and

Matthias Miller  1:59:44
then we have a, I don't know what you would use, or we could have a, we could have a, okay,

Speaker 1  1:59:54
I could see, okay, here's where it could get valuable, okay, so if we, if we did, if. We did suffix codes, okay? If, if organizations get a suffix code, you put that on to the or if you're selected as an organization, you have to fill a suffix code, sure. And then if, if a sales rep is tied to an RTO company, we can cat will that, because the RTO company code goes to it, but if it's also assigned to a manufacturer like we just go ahead and like you, you, you would be able to feel both, both those codes, you know. So you could very quickly look at a sales rep and say, Oh, they're assigned to this manufacturer in that rent to own company based on the code behind them.

Matthias Miller  2:00:38
Ah. So you might be this

Speaker 1  2:00:42
is making things up. But and if you want to, if you want to get even more critical on the validation, then, then you could do some kind of incrementing number along with it,

Matthias Miller  2:00:52
something like this, the maxville vinyl structures, crooked Valley. I don't know if that's a legit example, but yeah. And then what happens with just wide open, free for alls? Well, I think

Speaker 1  2:01:05
there needs to be some kind of incrementing number that goes along with it.

Speaker 1  2:01:13
So maybe, maybe it is, you know, maybe it is that everybody gets some sort of account number like, but can we, can we label that field based on the contact type?

Matthias Miller  2:01:25
Like, if, if you want to increment by contact, contact type? I guess we could do that. Everybody gets a number, but it's, it's limited to RTO company plus contact type. No. I mean, the other thing too is for unlinked items. Okay, how about you could do

Speaker 1  2:01:46
I'm, I'm, I have brain block on this one. What if you and Seth, put your heads together and put a proposal forward for it.

Matthias Miller  2:01:54
Okay, let's, let's do this. Then if we do this, requirements need to import account number from from other systems, Customers should auto number within RTO company and enforce and then do you care how anything else works, rather whether you allow duplicates? Don't allow duplicates, anything like that.

Speaker 1  2:02:32
So the things I care about is account numbers for customers. I care about that because those are what customers think like RTO companies, and customers think about that number, yep, how we how we do this for manufacturers, and how we do this for dealers and sales reps and all of that other thing I don't, I just don't want it to look stupid. That's the that's the key requirement.

Matthias Miller  2:03:03
Doesn't want it to look stupid. And also, I mean, that's a fine, forgive my lack of translation this time of morning. And then also, the other thing is duplicates allow duplicates across, duplicate names across RTO companies don't care about duplicates within them. Is that fair? Let's just do duplicates. Allow duplicate contacts within RTO companies. Is anything else a free for all? A salesperson? Are you fine if you can't have two Joe Joe troyers Selling sheds within the same RTO company, and one has to be Joe R and the other has to be Joe T. Or do you want them?

Speaker 1  2:03:56
Yes, there's ways around this. So

Matthias Miller  2:03:59
yes, anything else can be duplicated if it makes our lives easier. I

Speaker 1  2:04:04
mean, I mean for, for that, for in that regard, like, what? Why allow duplicates at all? If you have duplicates across RTO companies and so on and so forth, well, then go put a middle initial in or

Matthias Miller  2:04:15
something. Well, okay, customers, you have to, it's

Matthias Miller  2:04:23
well, here's a simple idea. I have it, I have it, I have it,

Unknown Speaker  2:04:27
but they're keeps them from being a duplicate.

Matthias Miller  2:04:29
So, so you have a Okay, customers will, will, okay. So you're saying only customers. You only allow duplicate customers, anything else. It's a little weird.

Speaker 1  2:04:48
I don't know. I feel like I don't have a really good frame of reference for this. And so this is, this is why I said you and you and Seth, put your heads together and come. Up with something that like with the requirements that doesn't look stupid.

Matthias Miller  2:05:08
Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:05:18
fair, we'll give some some thought. Good. I'm

Speaker 1  2:05:23
going to ask the obvious question, yeah, why do we care about duplicates?

Matthias Miller  2:05:29
Because when somebody submits a contract for Joe Smith and it's a different Joe Smith, you mean, do we care about preventing them or allowing them?

Unknown Speaker  2:05:40
Why do we care about preventing them?

Matthias Miller  2:05:44
We don't.

Speaker 1  2:05:48
I don't. I can't pay the wrong contract if you, if you look it up by account number,

Matthias Miller  2:05:55
the main thing is, it seems to me like we need a different identifier for customers versus other, agreed? So we can do a very simple, okay, if we could put a contact type code, here's, here's a Very simple, universal approach. I

Matthias Miller  2:07:29
when we did that,

Matthias Miller  2:07:37
it's either this or I'm I

Matthias Miller  2:08:00
need some kind of prefix. I don't know what it is, but,

Matthias Miller  2:08:12
well, any other record, we could just do a incrementing

Unknown Speaker  2:08:18
number

Unknown Speaker  2:08:21
like that, yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:08:28
Okay, well, we can still talk, but this is, this is probably,

Speaker 1  2:08:36
like I said, I what the question that's going to come up when we ship to market is, what's with the code? And it needs to be easily understandable.

Speaker 1  2:08:53
And then the question then exists, are we going to also, like somebody's going to try to search that code, and then what happens?

Matthias Miller  2:09:13
I think this still goes back to what's easiest for you to sell and to explain. Like, I mean, obviously I

Speaker 1  2:09:26
Well, the easiest, the easiest to explain would be, we give every contact record an account number, and we just tag that on every like that becomes the that becomes the thing well, and everybody gets an account number, and we just call it that. And everybody said, Well, every contact gets an account number. I'm sorry, you have an account on our system. I mean, maybe that's what we do. That would be the most simplistic, wouldn't

Matthias Miller  2:09:52
it? Why wouldn't we on every customer record? Why wouldn't we have a single digit at the beginning? Everything must have a leading. Zero, and everything else has a leading nine. And so if your account number starts with nine, it's it's this, and if it starts with a zero, it's a customer account number.

Speaker 1  2:10:16
And we could, and we could auto generate that and use that logic,

Matthias Miller  2:10:21
yes, and it would be and if you get to 10,000 if you max out, and like, if you said four digits and you max out, then instead of going to, instead of going to 10,000 you would actually go to, oh, 110 1000.

Speaker 1  2:10:40
Well, either that or you get some warning that says, Go, increase your increment number.

Matthias Miller  2:10:45
We don't want to do that. We just, we just have a minimum length, and we always add a leading zero to it. I think, I mean, I don't see a problem with that.

Speaker 1  2:10:55
But I mean, so if we, if we use that account number as a part of every single record, every single name. Do we? Do we need the do we need then? Do we need the letters at all? Let's

Matthias Miller  2:11:09
just the only question is, can you, can you tell them? Look, the account number applies to anybody. Customers are not. Yeah, if you're fine with that, I'm fine with that. I

Speaker 1  2:11:19
kind of want to be fine with that, because it's the simplest approach. The thing that

Matthias Miller  2:11:24
people aren't going to like is because, oh, we created a sales person, but you're not going to create that many sales people and whatever, but people who use it to count customers and stuff, that's the only, that's the only scenario I think we care about it. Or,

Speaker 1  2:11:39
okay, riddle me this. Riddle me this, can we in the list of contact types? I don't know. I've seen this before and some other things, but can we define what the the prefix number should be before the incrementing number? So, like, customers would be zero, sales reps would be nine. Like, can we define that as part of the list. Or can we define so, like, some like, could it? Could? Could define that and say, Okay, so for all your contact types, here's what we ship with. We just automatically ship with whatever we think it should be. And if they go add another contact type, then they got to add the prefix number that goes along with it. And so every, like, every single type has a prefix number, yeah, let's do that. And then every every contact record gets a gets an account number, and that account number becomes the number that gets gets tagged on the end of their name and and that's how we we we do this. Is that fair? Yep, I like the simple approach. Let's do the simple approach.

Matthias Miller  2:12:43
So then we have a contact on the on the contact record. We have the RTO company. We have this, well, the starting account number. Then can that just be in? Can that just be across the board? I

Speaker 1  2:13:04
well, and this is, this is, yeah, I think it's across the board. And this is where I think that we need to then add a migration Account field,

Matthias Miller  2:13:13
right? Well, we'll be able to import the contact, huh? We'll be able to import, yeah,

Speaker 1  2:13:28
uh, yeah, but what? Why not? Why not just add a secondary like, let's add a migration account number field, and for, for the customer only, and, and from, from the very, very beginning, we just, we use this methodology,

Matthias Miller  2:13:45
because they're obviously not going to have a zero prefix and everything. It's etc, yep, I don't know how

Speaker 1  2:13:58
you want to call it, but okay, so And here's the and here's the thing. If they have a migration, if the migration account number is there, then we should probably concatenate that in into the in there is into the name as well.

Matthias Miller  2:14:11
So then display as so this is like the contact type, prefix, auto number, okay, does the Okay, the auto number and then RTO, company suffix,

Speaker 1  2:14:31
I would leave off the company suffix. Let's just do the numbers

Matthias Miller  2:14:35
so it's in the system. So, so when, when? RT, when, when, when? Rental Reapers creates a contact, then it it skips the number for cricket Valley.

Unknown Speaker  2:14:50
Wait, no, what now, if you

Matthias Miller  2:14:53
don't put in the suffix and two companies, I know it's a rare, crazy situation, but. Two companies create a contact with the same name at the same time. Let's say you import in alphabetical order, and they both sold to an to an to an Aaron Smith, and that's the first in alphabetical order. Then you're going to create an Aaron Smith customer in 0001, and it's going to duplicate the name in company two, because there is no RTO company suffix.

Speaker 1  2:15:30
Okay, I thought we're going to do this across the board if like every like, every record that's created gets gets a unique number, no matter what company it's in.

Matthias Miller  2:15:39
So we're using this, okay, so if you create a record in so this has nothing to do. This is across all companies. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, oh, we need the contact type. So we just use, so we just use this, this approach that we're talking about right here. Yeah, and then the only difference is, we have it a migration account number, so we don't need the prefix, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  2:16:11
I mean, essentially, we're just, we're just exposing, okay, for lack of better words, we're exposing a Num ID for the record and, but we're specifying how long we want that num ID to be.

Matthias Miller  2:16:25
Okay, so here hang on so but that the num ID length might vary by accounting company and the starting number might No. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  2:16:35
it's a global system setting

Matthias Miller  2:16:39
length of num ID for standard Bill Frank number one.

Speaker 1  2:16:48
I mean, if we allow the RTO company to say, look, we want it to be four or five digits long, and we want to start at this number, well, then everything increments from there on up, every every single contact record that's ever created, whether it's organization or customer, blah, blah, blah, it just increments a number

Matthias Miller  2:17:06
so then. But this applies to all RTO companies, right? RTO companies?

Speaker 1  2:17:15
I mean, frankly, you shouldn't care that much about your account number. It is what it is.

Matthias Miller  2:17:22
Okay. So there's the global setting.

Speaker 1  2:17:24
I mean, okay, so, but you could make the you could, Nah, never mind. Let's not, let's, let's keep it simple. Let's keep it simple. If somebody wants something different, they can pay for something different. That's

Unknown Speaker  2:17:41
going to become our new mantra, isn't it?

Matthias Miller  2:17:44
Okay? So then if you have a contact display with a migration number, Exactly, yep, like this. Do you want it in square brackets? Do you want anything different?

Speaker 1  2:17:58
So hyphen, account number, pound migration, migration

Matthias Miller  2:18:04
number, and then pound sign, yep. Well, you told me, so here's the thing you said, figured out with Seth, but it wasn't a technical question.

Unknown Speaker  2:18:19
I said I didn't care, and then I cared.

Matthias Miller  2:18:22
That's also true. So that's also true. Okay, I think, I think we can figure this out. We'll do that SMS opt out that. Can we just knock that out? Is that pretty simple?

Unknown Speaker  2:18:38
Yeah, it's pretty simple. It's per phone number, right?

Matthias Miller  2:18:42
Like DNC, like a DNC, check or do

Speaker 1  2:18:44
not, okay, hold on a second. I'm assuming that we will not. We will only text types that are cell phone. Oh, right. Well, I

Matthias Miller  2:18:55
mean, we're not texting from this system, but sure, I

Unknown Speaker  2:18:58
thought we were going to text from the system,

Matthias Miller  2:19:02
but we were. I mean, not the first iteration, and we're not sure exactly how the integration is going to work, but sure we can track this.

Speaker 1  2:19:08
According to Josh, do you have a thing with Twilio and you can do it from the system? He told you that

Matthias Miller  2:19:14
recently, I thought he said he doesn't believe in it anymore, but maybe he told me

Speaker 2  2:19:18
that like last week. Okay, fine.

Matthias Miller  2:19:22
That's fine. He's right. I think, I think he got fed up with ATP verification, all that kind of stuff. But,

Speaker 1  2:19:28
I mean, I would, I would think, if it's labeled mobile that okay, do we have a, do we have a DND checkbox for every single phone number, or do we just, well,

Matthias Miller  2:19:39
but it's not technically DND, it's, dnt, or whatever it is,

Unknown Speaker  2:19:43
DNR,

Matthias Miller  2:19:48
like it,

Unknown Speaker  2:19:49
you're not resuscitate,

Speaker 1  2:19:53
okay, but dnt, whatever you want to call it, but then we need to talk about how to UN. One like, re enable it like, that's one of the things I that aggravates the heck out of me with with HubSpot in some of these where it's like, they don't really have a way to re enable the number, right? So the customer so, so here's the question, if, can we, if the customer texts back to the same number start, can we recognize that phone number and uncheck the box and allow it to start texting again? Because I think from from a compliance standpoint, if the customer tech stop, obviously it has to check the box. We have to support that. But if they select Start, Well, theoretically, hang on.

Matthias Miller  2:21:01
I think we could basically, okay, can you, do you need? Can you, can this just be read only and have it just come from Twilio? If people text stop, then it shows up here. And if not, well,

Speaker 1  2:21:14
that's what I was going to suggest. It is read only. And if, if the customer says, Hey, can I I want to start receiving text messages from you again. Then you just tell the customer, please text start to whatever the phone number is, and that would automatically find that phone number in the system and uncheck the box.

Matthias Miller  2:21:34
And then, do you want a All right? Chat, GPT, what is a good name of a what is a good short name of a checkbox that indicates that someone has opted out of SMS or a phone number? I

Speaker 1  2:21:58
mean, you could just call it text opt in, and if it's unchecked, then they're not opted in.

Matthias Miller  2:22:07
Me, we could do an SMS just, could just call it SMS. It's pretty like, I'm just or,

Unknown Speaker  2:22:14
well, unless you did a yes no on it, then

Matthias Miller  2:22:19
yes, no and blank.

Unknown Speaker  2:22:21
Well, what would be blank? It's either yes or it's no.

Matthias Miller  2:22:25
Well, okay, I mean, but then how do you want to handle I suppose you would only do this for mobile types, and so you would only ever try to text it. But then, I mean, is it SMS? You could also call it. I mean, is it opt do you attract opt ins or opt outs?

Unknown Speaker  2:22:45
I don't care.

Matthias Miller  2:22:50
Do you assume you can text people until they tell you not Well, I'm assuming we have to know the

Speaker 1  2:22:56
most people's RTO contracts acquire compliance as part of the signing process. They have it in the RTO contract. Now here's where it gets a little bit tricky, is if they did not specify their phone number on the RTO contract, and they call you up one day and say, Here's my here's my cell phone, and the and the sales rep says, or the customer service rep says, Can we text you on this number? That's a verbal communication, and not necessarily compliant. And so what ideally, I think, at that point is that ideally what I want to say, this is what I want to say. And I it may be a little bit obnoxious, but I want to say that if you add a phone number to the system from the very, very unless you're doing it as part of contract entry. Contract entry, we would be allow them to say yes or no to the to the text whether they got it. But as part of adding it to the record post contract entry, it would automatically go in as No, not opted in, and then you would just tell the customer on the phone. Hey, would you like to receive text messages? Can we text you on this number? Yeah, you can text me. Okay, please text start to blah, blah, blah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:24:19
Not editable in detail screen, contract entry process. If mobile is entered during contract entry, zoom, opt in. May need, well, I mean company setting

Speaker 1  2:24:40
for it during contract entry. We need to ask, you know, did they opt it like we I think it needs to be an ash. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  2:25:02
I like that a lot good.

Speaker 1  2:25:07
And maybe this is something I should go and research. But it would seem like it should be lawful for you to be able to text the person one time and say, Would you like to receive text messages from Cricket Valley rent a shed? Text, yes, for opt in, text No. And if they, if they don't do anything, it automatically defaults to No. Like that would be legal. I don't know if it is or not. I have no idea so, but yeah, I think, I think for, I think what we have here, expect for for SMS, opt in is right. And what are you going to call it SMS, opt in checkbox? I would do

Matthias Miller  2:25:46
an opt in checkbox because really, by definition, we're saying, I mean, that that is the legalese like you do have to say, Yes, I am willing to receive text messages. It's not opt out and, and I think the contract entry process is saying, Yeah, they did say they can, all right, you said that, whatever. Okay, so that takes care of the contact record. Well, do you want to I have not heard a wink from anybody I have, I have was trying to reschedule a call for later and just Jesse,

Speaker 1  2:26:26
okay, there's only one. There's only one weakness in that logic that we just did, and that is that if a company said, if they came up with a way that they sent an email to the customer and said, Hey, we would like to be able to text you about your account, it would it would be really nice if you know if the customer sent back an email said, Yeah, sure, here's my cell phone number, go ahead and like it was part of the language of the email that you could specify it. I don't know how to do that,

Matthias Miller  2:26:55
though. Well, I mean, you could have a permission that lets certain users manually opt in SMS

Speaker 1  2:27:04
and and make it the highest level. Yeah, let's do that. Let's, let's, let's make it, let's make it editable to the to the highest permission level.

Matthias Miller  2:27:16
And do you want this, or do you want a edible to the highest permission level. We'll think through the specifics on the permissions so that when someone opts in by email, can flip the switch. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So that takes us through contacts that we have payments. I think I am going to very likely I'll be free at 11 again. I've got a I've got assist design at one. I guess we both do, if you're joining, may potentially be available after that.

Speaker 1  2:27:56
I have something at 11. It looks like

Matthias Miller  2:28:00
at 11. Let me text and for how long?

Speaker 1  2:28:05
30 minutes, 30 minutes, 20 minutes. I don't know it's short.

Matthias Miller  2:28:10
Call it to nine. This will overlap with Dwayne.

Speaker 1  2:28:15
So then I would have from 1130 all the way up until assist design. Let me see

Matthias Miller  2:28:20
if that works, Roger. I'm assuming it does. But if that does, then I can check in with her and we can overlap.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:29
Well, I would, I would rate this one as a 10 today.

Matthias Miller  2:28:34
Yeah, we're cranking man. I'm happy see and

Unknown Speaker  2:28:40
yeah, smack my patties every once in a while, exactly

Matthias Miller  2:28:50
fill in information here as we figure it out. I don't know what, what to figure out.

Unknown Speaker  2:28:54
Did it damage? Waiver fee

Matthias Miller  2:28:57
to do? Seth, can you be more specific, what

Unknown Speaker  2:29:02
the heck are you talking about?

Speaker 2  2:29:06
Oh, can, can, can someone go beg? Can someone go beg? Uh, investor tools to allow emojis in the RTF,

Matthias Miller  2:29:15
you technically can, can't. You know what happens with

Speaker 1  2:29:20
him. If you do Windows period and actually put one in, it, just deletes it.

Matthias Miller  2:29:26
Oh, here, let's do that. Loudly crying face.

Unknown Speaker  2:29:31
I want. I want emojis. So bad.

Speaker 1  2:29:36
Now click Save and refresh. All right, where were we? It works for you. I'm gonna be mad.

Matthias Miller  2:29:47
Payments, payments, payments, payments, payment record.

Unknown Speaker  2:29:54
What? How does it work for you?

Speaker 1  2:29:58
Mochipedia, okay, hold on a. Second. Hold on a second. What did you What did you

Matthias Miller  2:30:04
use? I copied emojipedia. I went here,

Speaker 1  2:30:06
hold on. I'm gonna I'm gonna try this, because I have tried this before and it didn't work.

Matthias Miller  2:30:14
I know because I coded the Rich Text Parsing and all this stuff, and we did support Unicode.

Unknown Speaker  2:30:21
Okay, hold on a second emojipedia, you

Speaker 1  2:30:44
okay, that works. But why doesn't the windows period? Why doesn't that work? I have no idea. Yeah, for some reason, like the emojis from whatever Windows is using, like it'll, it'll initially appear if you click Save, it disappears. I

Matthias Miller  2:31:11
have no idea. No idea. Well, that's, that's

Speaker 1  2:31:14
really good to know. I mean, it would be even slicker if you just had it as part of the as part of the toolbar. Oh, there it. Check that out. What? What am I checking where

Matthias Miller  2:31:25
I hit backspace and it turned into an unknown character. It's a anyway, we won't never mind whatever it's it's like marginally supported, so your mileage may vary.

Speaker 1  2:31:38
Um, emojipedia, no, that's good, because the other day, I literally took a miniature screenshot of a thumbs up and threw it in there for Seth, because I wanted an emoji. Okay,

Matthias Miller  2:31:52
so this is on the payment record. No this is inside the No paying customer. This would be inside the this is inside the RG, because

Matthias Miller  2:32:13
this requires a little bit more thought. Let's do this.

Unknown Speaker  2:32:17
You need to drop off, don't you?

Matthias Miller  2:32:19
No, I bumped it to nine, and so we can take a break over at the same time.

Unknown Speaker  2:32:24
Oh, Okay, gotcha,

Matthias Miller  2:32:28
is the payment line also recorded? You enter it. I mean, we could, if we link to a content, well, we don't link to your contact record. It could just be blank or something, but wouldn't couldn't that be, be like, couldn't that be in the overview? Because whoever's creating the entire payment, They're creating the entire payment. I

Matthias Miller  2:33:20
I mean, it's just going to pay a customer record. Is there any other question that we need to consider?

Unknown Speaker  2:33:28
Have a hidden edible, not in details? I

Speaker 1  2:33:46
so created by would be read only, yes, user who created it that would be, are we? Are we going to do full name? What are we going to do there? I

Matthias Miller  2:34:03
Okay, but then, shouldn't this be paid by?

Speaker 1  2:34:10
I don't necessarily care who paid. Paid it.

Matthias Miller  2:34:16
It's linked to grandma. Okay? If grandma pays you don't care so, but we do want So paying customers in quite the right term, yes, the customer time of payment

Speaker 1  2:34:32
before we leave this created by thing, have a hidden, editable, not in detail screen checkbox that says edited online and show it is created by the customer name.

Matthias Miller  2:34:43
So if you, if you create a payment on in the online portal, say created by instead of saying the web service or whatever it is, it says created by customer, okay, um.

Matthias Miller  2:35:01
Reason I went into

Matthias Miller  2:35:12
software, not music. So or do you like the paying customer versus current customer or customer at time of payment.

Unknown Speaker  2:35:31
What is this?

Matthias Miller  2:35:33
When you create a payment, it would be good to freeze maybe we just store it as customer and have the customer type of payment. We want to when you make a payment, we want to freeze who is the customer at the time of payment, so that if a contract transfers, we can still say that there's a payment for this customer, and you can show it by customer. I like that, and I don't, but I don't think we need to show current customer, right? You can pull up the contract and see who the current customer is. Or am I wrong?

Unknown Speaker  2:36:06
Would it link?

Matthias Miller  2:36:09
So we have two options. One, only show the frozen one. Two, come up with reasonable labels where you can show the frozen one customer, time of payment and the current customer. And I really don't care which

Speaker 2  2:36:24
which you have. Why don't we just always show the customer,

Matthias Miller  2:36:28
the current customer, historical one

Speaker 1  2:36:34
store, who the customer was at the point of payment,

Matthias Miller  2:36:39
and just show that one yeah,

Speaker 1  2:36:46
if this was Sally's contract and she was making payments and then, and then she transferred it to Joe, well, then it would be Sally, Sally, Sally, Sally, then Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe. And, you know, yep, even, even though it's the same account number, same contract number, the contract number would be the same, but the paying, the the customer would be different at that, you know, at some point in there,

Matthias Miller  2:37:12
okay, and Then we handled this one. So this is good. I

Matthias Miller  2:37:25
This is actually to do Dwayne. To do Dwayne think,

Unknown Speaker  2:37:35
Oh, that's a whole convenience day,

Matthias Miller  2:37:36
yeah, so contract preview. 729, um,

Speaker 1  2:37:48
this is on the contact record, or on the contract record, on the payment.

Matthias Miller  2:37:54
Yeah, you're right. So when you, when you make a payment, you want to see what was paid up to this date, right? Yes. Okay, so let's do amount paid up through this date, sort by date, sort string plus record ID.

Speaker 1  2:38:17
Why do we need to reference a date? It's, it's whatever's been paid on that contract

Matthias Miller  2:38:21
total. So if you pull up a payment in the so if you, if you have four payments, and you jump back to payment two, it shows the same thing as payment four.

Unknown Speaker  2:38:33
I don't understand the jumping back.

Matthias Miller  2:38:37
It's real time. You're saying this is these are real time numbers. Yes, they always update, okay,

Speaker 1  2:38:42
yeah, it's contract paid. What's been paid on this contract so far? And what is that? What is that? What is that value in months? And then, what is the real time balance? And what is the real time balance in months? Now, if we wanted to get fancy and doing, you know, and add a as of field and say, if the customer calls and says, Well, what was my contract balance on, blah, blah, blah, and there was a date field there that could backdate it, maybe I could see some cool functionality for that. But it mostly, that's gonna, like, if, if all of those, maybe, maybe it is, maybe, maybe that is that we show we have an as update there, and if you punch it in an as update, it's gonna back everything up to that point. I

Matthias Miller  2:39:35
don't like having it on the payment. That just seems

Speaker 1  2:39:37
weird. So you would run, you would have some kind of reporting on it, duh.

Matthias Miller  2:39:42
Why would you have a report that would run that shows? I mean, ideally you would have a something like account history that shows, shows, almost like debits and credits. Okay, so like, this amount became due, this much was paid. Uh, maybe that's too complicated, but it seems more useful this then to say you're, you're 100%

Speaker 1  2:40:07
right. There is no reason that this needs to be done in a in some type of reporting.

Matthias Miller  2:40:12
So this is, I don't know if this is you or me, but one of us to do IDD design a financial history report of some kind, so you can see balances and payments as of

Speaker 1  2:40:29
and that report should be linked on the payment details screen. Add it. So if you're on that, if you're, if you're looking at payment details, whether, maybe it should be both on the payment details screen, maybe it should be on the contract, I don't know, both. Yeah, it needs to be a number of places so that you can, you can hit that report. It's going to give you that, that that contract's history, and you can do an as of date and you and that will, you know, it'll give us all the fancy numbers for the history. Yeah, yes, sir. I like it.

Matthias Miller  2:41:08
Okay, dun, dun, dun, dun. All right. I lost my to do add. There should be a to do add,

Matthias Miller  2:41:25
for checks applying to multiple contracts. How do we select the contracts? I mean,

Unknown Speaker  2:41:35
isn't this part of payment entry screen

Matthias Miller  2:41:38
you select multiple contacts, doesn't this thing need this one needs a a checkbox to to split include. So here's my thought and this, this needs to be specked out to do Seth, let's spec spaces out together when you select Contacts, populate the RG with all active contracts for those contacts. Add a checkbox to include, exclude editable macro that updates payment amount, default to paying everything and calculating the total due. Do you want editability? So for example, if I'm paying these three, okay, grandma calls in and I want to pay for Joe Sally and Sarah and Okay, their their total due is 1900

Speaker 1  2:42:40
Joe Sally and Sarah. I want to pay, I want to pay both contracts on Sally's account either one. Well, no, it's not in either one. I don't think it is in either one. I do think, I do think we should, I do think we should support saying, Hey, I'm calling to make a payment for Sally. Okay, I

Matthias Miller  2:42:56
missed that. Right. Okay, right. I don't know that. I want to pay two

Speaker 1  2:43:00
different customers at the exact same time. That's fine. That's

Matthias Miller  2:43:06
That's correct. I missed that. I had that wrong.

Speaker 1  2:43:11
I mean, it is kind of a, what are the No, that's too outlier, although the potential exists. Someone sends a check in and says, Well, this one's for Joe, and this one's for Sally. And, you know, it's a one big chunk jump lumpy check. And then I guess you just,

Matthias Miller  2:43:27
at that point, you just say, accounting,

Speaker 1  2:43:30
sorry, yes, I think so. Yeah, it's a sucky day for you. When you go do a deposit, like you have, you have a check number twice, and it's, like, for a different amount than the actual check is, and then it's kind of sucks. And you of sucks. And yeah,

Matthias Miller  2:43:44
so that customer is no longer needed because there's only a single customer correct. So this can just go away,

Unknown Speaker  2:43:51
go, go.

Matthias Miller  2:43:57
But we do need this. You need to

Speaker 1  2:43:58
be able to handle splits according to the accounts that are on the on the record. So in other words, like, I want to pay $100 on that account, but on this one, I want to pay 200

Matthias Miller  2:44:09
and here's my not accounts, but contracts. Yeah, that's

Unknown Speaker  2:44:12
what I meant to say. Thank you.

Matthias Miller  2:44:15
That's what I heard. So when you select a contact, populate the RT with all active contract were for them, for that customer, add with an updates payment amounts, editability for the payment amount that distributes, okay, if you pay, okay. So now grandma calls in and say, I'm paying for Sally, okay, fine. Sally, you're getting the payment and and boom, the amount auto populates to $1,093 and grandma's like, oh, that Sally, she's not getting that much. I'm paying 1000 bucks. And now, do we automatically redistribute that 1000 bucks? And if so, how do we automatically redistribute them? Or do they have to figure out what it's going to be? Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 1  2:45:05
Well, that is some really fancy complex math. If you go and put your numbers in and then you want to back, you want to back the total and then redistribute according to what your math was before,

Matthias Miller  2:45:14
like that is so let's just let them make them change how it gets applied to each contract. Yeah,

Speaker 1  2:45:20
the bigger issue, and this is, I brought this up when we did high level design, is this idea of some kind of defining of every single month and the values that are assigned to that month, which we haven't really talked about yet. And this is one of those things that we probably need to punt to a different day. But yes, for the for the sake of the question you're asking, make the customer service rep needs to go back and redo their money.

Matthias Miller  2:45:49
So then the total payment amount is actually, this is actually, this can actually be read only. Then the total payment amount,

Speaker 2  2:46:02
yeah, I don't know, editable

Matthias Miller  2:46:10
if you're only paying a single contract.

Speaker 1  2:46:16
No, I think it can be editable, as long as you haven't tried to go define the amounts that you want to pay per contract. So if you, if you open this up and you say, make a payment, you got three accounts, and you put in 1000 bucks, well, it's just going to distribute it

Matthias Miller  2:46:28
evenly across all three contracts. It'll split into three, yeah.

Speaker 1  2:46:33
But if you say, Oh no, no, no, no, I want to, I want to put that much to that one, and that much to that one, and that much to that well, then you can't edit the end amount, because it's, it's totaling it,

Matthias Miller  2:46:42
okay. So, so anytime. Well, I mean, this is, this is, this is great. So this is an editable macro. This is an editable macro that distributes, and if you exclude a contract and change the amount, let's say you, Sally has three of them. You say, Oh, I only want to pay to this much. Does it just re include all three again? And sure it does, right?

Speaker 1  2:47:10
Okay, I need to, I need to answer something. I got something time sensitive here, Give me, give me a Minute. I

Unknown Speaker  2:49:21
Okay, back.

Matthias Miller  2:49:24
Okay. So, okay. So my point that I was trying to make was that when you make a payment, okay, let's say apologies for dragging you through the weeds. I think the simple approach is this, use your payment for $1,000.03 contracts, 333, 33 on each one, and pick one that's 34 basically. And then you uncheck one. Say, I don't want to actually pay for that. Well, then your total payment goes to 666. 66 And then you go back and you change it to $1,000 then you have two options. One, do you distribute that $1,000 evenly between the ones that are checked? Or do you distribute just clear the check boxes and go back to three. Yeah.

Speaker 1  2:50:46
Okay, running through a number of scenarios in my head, on, on what's the easiest thing here I'm um,

Unknown Speaker  2:51:13
I could see where,

Unknown Speaker  2:51:17
okay, you're going to

Speaker 1  2:51:20
Get into scenarios where you want to forwards and backwards calculate. So for example, if I came in and if we said, Okay, how much are you paying today? And the customer says, Well, I don't know. How much do I owe? Okay, well, fine. Then, then, you know, you check your the ones you're paying and and it would auto like, Okay, you're doing so much on this one, and you do so much on that one. The two together are, you know, $500 Okay, well, I only have 450 today. So then the question, it would be really, really nice if then you say, Well, okay, do you want to split that evenly off over the contracts that you have put such and such on this one, such and such on that one? Okay, so then you go and do that. That equals 450 but it would also if they just say, Well, yeah, let's, let's go ahead and just put it on equal amounts on both well, then just pop the 450 in and check your boxes, and, boom, it just distributes it. I

Unknown Speaker  2:52:23
um, I do think

Matthias Miller  2:52:28
I haven't I here's what I think, if the checkbox would be independent of the payment amount. So you would, you pull up the record and it says, Yes, I want to pay all of these contracts. And then you put in a number, it distributes across those. You say, No, I don't want to do that. You uncheck it, your total payment goes down, but you still have these two check and you put it, throw it back up to $1,000 or $500 or four $50 and it distributes across the checked ones. And so basically, we would just it would be a stored checkbox. When you uncheck it, we blank out the payment amount and don't require it. When it is checked, we wouldn't put in a payment amount. You still have to fill it in, but it'd be required that you do. I think it's a pretty intuitive way to do it. So you could include extra contracts.

Speaker 1  2:53:15
Here's the deal. Let's go with the what we think is the most intuitive way to do it, and then what's probably going to happen is there's going to be a couple iterations around it. I could see that we just got, I don't know that we can solve this. One the best way like this is one of those things where it's like, we're going to take the most intuitive way, take that's going to be our first stab at this. As soon as we start using in my office, Francine is going to come to me and go, Well, why can't we do this? And then we'll just go and support that.

Matthias Miller  2:53:44
Okay, so I have a proposal, and let's see if,

Speaker 1  2:53:46
unless, unless you can box something up that we can, you know, that we can play around with that. I can propose to them to say, Here, let's try this little spreadsheet tool. And this is how it would work. And and they, you know, they can play around with it, because I don't know that I can come up with all the right ways to do this. A heck box. I want a heck box. It's

Matthias Miller  2:54:14
kind of like a soapbox, just not as PC.

Speaker 1  2:54:20
Let me. Let me push this RTO contract out for this guy real quick here, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:54:36
a heck box. I

Speaker 1  2:55:10
All right, that's done that makes you send. That's that sent.

Speaker 1  2:55:22
You know, silly me. You would think that at some point I would ask Josh for a URL that just did this on the sales order record, but I never have, and whatever, moving on.

Matthias Miller  2:55:33
Okay, so to do set. So let's do okay. So then we have,

Speaker 1  2:55:48
I mean, is that? Is that fair? I feel like, unless we're going to one of two ways, either we come up with the most intuitive way, we ship it with that, and you should fix your spelling. It populates a mountain. Auto populate. Either we just come up with our most intuitive way, and we and we start using it that way, and then we iterate, or we mock something up and to play around with. Those are the two ways. I don't I'm not even going to try to get this one right the

Matthias Miller  2:56:12
first time. I'm relatively happy. I'll run it past Seth, okay, we're getting close to the end of our time.

Speaker 1  2:56:24
But, I mean, so this is this, is is this payment? This is partially, is this, this is partially payment entry, isn't

Matthias Miller  2:56:31
it partially? Yes, we're going

Speaker 1  2:56:34
to do full on payment entry. Then, then we need, I want to talk about how we visualize past due amounts. If we're not going to do that right now, that's fine. We'll do it a different

Matthias Miller  2:56:47
time. Well, in this case, like what I proposed, does apply to contract entry, and so if that's a if that's a concern, then we should talk before you throw it over to Seth,

Speaker 1  2:57:03
I mean, from a from a contract entry standpoint, payment entry, that's what I meant to say. Okay, let's not too many words here. We're not doing that. Yeah, yeah. For payment entry standpoint, it would be really cool. Is if a customer is past due, that every month represents itself, that it's past due, or whatever your timeframe that you're set up for, if you're on weekly or your monthly, whatever. But so let's say, for example, contract 1001, if it's if they're on, like if they're currently due, or if they're currently, if they're current, then obviously it's just one row. It's the month of September that's due, and you pay that month. But if they're past due, one, two or three months, each month represents itself with a check box that you can say, I want to pay that one. I want to pay that one. I want to pay that one. Because that way you can check the ones that you want to pay, and you can tell the customer, well, if you pay July and August, well then it's this amount. Well, if you include September, then it's this amount. And if you do that on two different kinds, on two different contracts, like it's it's a really nice way of making it really visible for a customer service rep, and because that conversation happens a lot, well, what if I only paid July? How much do I need to do? So, but something

Matthias Miller  2:58:16
but you can't pay because of how due dates work. You can't pay. If you're due for June, July and August, you can't pay July and August. You have to pay June before you can pay July. You have to pay July before you can pay August. Okay, so then to do Seth, let's spec this out to split rows in in by month. This is basically a month plus due date.

Speaker 1  2:58:43
Because, and to clarify, it is, it's the the payment amount, the tax amount, the damage waiver fee amount, late fee amount, like, like, the whole thing breaks itself out, and some of those are editable. Like, you can change. You can negate, I want to be able to negate a late fee there, or change, you know, late fee amount so that it, you know, equals something that you want to pay. So some of those are editable there.

Matthias Miller  2:59:16
I think we can. I think we can. I think we got this, but I'll run it past him, and we'll get our heads together. Um, nine o'clock, time to run. See at the bottom of the hour, um, 11. I thought you said you have an 11 o'clock.

Speaker 1  2:59:36
Did say that, didn't I? What's my 11 o'clock? It is 11 o'clock, isn't it? Yep. Alright. So, yes, I do have 11 o'clock, 1130 So back on 1130

Matthias Miller  2:59:47
Yep, see you. Then, oh, thank you.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai