Matthias Miller  00:00
Things, number of sales pulling off of Shut up. These are shut up numbers, not GHL, close rate. Very simple calculation, number of sales based on newly by new leads versus new leads, number of calls made, number of calls per day, average call duration, total call duration. I think this is in number of days. Just to make it readable, I should clarify that I think average call duration is I'll update it in the label, but

Matthias Miller  00:37
call minutes per day, dials per contact and close for sent by contact in dollars in revenue generated. First of all, do these sales numbers look about right for them? I um. The

Speaker 1  01:04
only problem is, if you're only going off of TSA, it's not going to show all barns,

Unknown Speaker  01:11
which does take up quite a bit of Eric's time. Yep.

Matthias Miller  01:13
Do you want? Should we be pulling in all? Should be pulling, be pulling in sales, number of sales and sales dollars from GHL. Was there a different way we should do it? Well,

Speaker 1  01:32
if we, if I can get the sales team to be diligent about putting in the information accurately and promptly, then I would say that seems to be that still relies. I mean,

Matthias Miller  01:51
well, TSA should all be automatic. Theoretically, you're right.

Speaker 1  01:54
That's what I'm saying. The reason why TSA, I feel good about TSA, is because it's automatic. I'm not relying on

Matthias Miller  02:00
right? But even TSA to GHL should be, Oh sure.

Speaker 1  02:04
So then, then, if that's the case, you could do it for, I mean, for this, he his information should be accurate on GHL. So if we wanted to add it, we could, because G he's

Unknown Speaker  02:24
bought him, right?

Matthias Miller  02:31
So if we were to do that, let's do this. I Kitchen. I

Matthias Miller  03:20
Future upstairs I'm

Unknown Speaker  03:57
Hey, What's up? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  04:10
oh,

Speaker 1  04:18
well, yeah, the only problem is Elaine's Elaine is out sick today.

Unknown Speaker  04:37
Yeah, gotcha.

Speaker 1  04:46
Okay, sounds good. Thanks. Bye. Aaron. Went from here to dreamwood, and then dreamwood called me and asked for the same happens. It

Matthias Miller  05:08
happens quite a bit, All right, So There's This.

Matthias Miller  09:38
All right, so I don't have the sorry, let me check One of the thing, average call, duration, what?

Matthias Miller  10:00
Yeah. So I'll need to, I don't actually have the sales numbers pushed in from sure yet, okay, I can get that. So the interesting, some interesting things to note. So close rate. Okay, so obviously, overall close rate is is interesting because there is some January and February and base is basically irrelevant, like we don't have enough data. I um, there. It's not clear whether this is trending down, but there's also a big spike here for Eric as well. So that's interesting to note. It is very interesting to note that his that in in March, in particular, he was actually, he actually contacted more more people than No. This could have been follow ups on leads from HubSpot, which would have looked like a first time contact, but there was a tremendous amount of outreach effort put in by Eric. So here is, and some of this is also, you know, lot sales versus online sales, but just comparatively, if you look at the volume of calls, there's a substantial difference, and then, which translates into number of calls per day. Also,

Speaker 1  11:48
he's not making. He's really not making. He's not dialing the phone that many times. Is that? What that's saying

Matthias Miller  11:56
10 times a day or 20 times a day?

Speaker 1  12:00
Oh, I'm green. What's, what's this? That's the total

Matthias Miller  12:03
number of calls in the month of April.

Unknown Speaker  12:05
Oh, okay, not daily, not daily, okay, daily?

Speaker 1  12:11
Yeah, he made me 10 calls a day that month. This is monthly. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  12:20
I don't get it. Is he calling off of any other

Speaker 1  12:23
No, but I just don't even get how he's selling, what he's selling. I

Matthias Miller  12:27
think I have a theory. I think he's just this, does this skimming the Easy, easy ones, yeah, plus getting some walk ins. Does

Speaker 1  12:36
it account for he has started doing a lot of texting,

Matthias Miller  12:40
I am not including a number of texts, although we could,

Speaker 1  12:44
okay, I would that would probably be important per day

Matthias Miller  12:48
to add texts. Let's add a number of texts. That's Pretty straightforward. I

Matthias Miller  14:16
do you only want outbound, or did you want outbound? Really makes the most sense for effort?

Unknown Speaker  14:23
Yeah, I'm more concerned.

Speaker 2  14:27
You want me to message Nelson about if there's additional fees?

Speaker 1  14:32
Yeah? I mean, yeah, I told him we had a rock clause already, but if you just

Speaker 2  14:37
communicate with him, just tell him to let us know what that fee is going to be as soon as possible. Okay, so we communicate with the customer to change order. Okay. Also, are we working in Hartle? No, I

Speaker 3  15:00
you can answer that later. Okay,

Matthias Miller  15:07
all right, this also tells a very interesting story. I'm always a little nervous that my numbers aren't right, but

Matthias Miller  15:19
so there is an uptick in texting for him in April, but the volume is like a Third at best.

Matthias Miller  15:39
Average call duration is also longer.

Matthias Miller  15:47
I can kind of go both ways. Sometimes it's I've had cases where I mean, one of my core philosophies would kind of well, one of my core philosophies, period is that when you have a gut instinct, it's an invitation to look at the data. And when you see something in the data, it's an invitation around what's going on. Sure, so this can be, this can be some this can just be over information sharing and talking yourself out of a sale that way. But it doesn't have to be. And this can also be, if you want to frame this negatively as well. This can also be just curtain to the point and not building sufficient rapport. But it doesn't have to be, right? So it doesn't, it doesn't tell the full picture. It's just what are clues and behavioral differences? That's what we're after. And then how can we but if you also look at total time spent on the phone, again, unless I'm missing something here, or he's calling from a different phone line or something, I don't know, but like, that's a pretty substantial difference. Yes, it is, call, minutes, dials per contact. This is okay, if this were okay here, here's the surprising thing. Now, my sales numbers have disappeared. But the reason that makes me, what makes me think he's skimming off the top, is that his sales, if you take sales relative to effort, it's actually pretty good. I know

Speaker 1  17:24
that's the gut feeling I've had this whole time. I had a conversation with him whenever I texted you and said it needed, I would like to try to hold, have a higher level of accountability and with me and just there's not a sense of urgency to be the best version of yourself. It seems like there is just a level of being content with the status quo. But the status quo is, I don't know where, like, he puts off this five of like, I'm doing okay, right? And so I'm like, I don't know if that's because you're the season of life. You have less bills. I don't know if that's you're comparing yourself to something or someone else. I don't know. But either way, I'm like, I know that you have so much more to give. Yes, but I don't have hard data to get I had, didn't have hard data to be like, dude, what is going on? Well,

Matthias Miller  18:24
one of the one of the one of the, obviously, he, Eric's got an exceptionally high contact percentage because of the amount of backfilling he's been doing. So that's a little skewed. The it is somewhat baffling.

Matthias Miller  18:52
Some of these also okay. Something's gotta be off here. How could that be true? We contacted 39 new leads off of 30 calls. That's not possible.

Matthias Miller  19:22
Let's speak. Because

Matthias Miller  19:55
that's because the contact rate is yours. I Okay,

Matthias Miller  20:05
it's any form of contact which is too high, but if we do completed calls, I'm suspected it's gonna look a little Different. Well, maybe not. That's bizarre. Maybe it's contacted. I

Matthias Miller  20:47
so we're Looking At I'm

Matthias Miller  22:15
so but I've definitely seen one of The if you want to squeeze juice out of the orange increasing the number of dials per contact. I mean, one of the things that we had a I'm not sure I'm just still a little divided on or not completely certain, because I wanted to go back and rerun numbers at the end of the day. I wasn't completely positive that it drove the numbers as much as I thought it did, but we had a bet of 15 outreach over a 10 day period with with mandatory follow ups, like, if somebody says you either close them out or you have a date to follow up.

Matthias Miller  23:12
But, but only, only like this, this low of a number of dials is this is, if this is correct, is really problematic. It is,

Speaker 1  23:26
I would say, from sitting down the hall being able to hear when calls are made, I would say that doesn't look that doesn't that does align with what suspicion. So I don't if it is off. I don't think it's real. I don't think it's like drastically Okay,

Matthias Miller  23:42
so, I mean, so here's, here's, here's how what I suspect is happening then. So in any Givens market, you have the top of the market, the top one to 10% whatever it is that's falling off a log, easy to convert, like they are just ready to buy, right? And then, and the further down you go, the more you have to work to convert them, right? And, and you'll see based on sales skills and based on persistence. I mean, you just look at straight up the statistics, right? Or, okay, two things like statistically, it is statistically proven that that number of follow ups is a high correlating factor in closing sales, right? And there's a lot that only happen after about the eighth follow up and and also, most sales people do not do that, right? You run into this in the shed industry with all kinds of reasons why they don't want to do, oh, sure, don't want to be bothered. Whatever Second of all the high the other the second there's another high correlating factor to sales, which is time spent having sales conversations with people. I mean, there's obviously, because you can't sell somebody unless you're in a sales conversation, but also you can't get better unless you're having sales conversations, right? Yeah. So both of those are like, just strictly from a numbers standpoint, if you want to get better, you have to be in sales conversations, right? And if you want to close more, you have to and if you want to close, if you want to go past closing the easy sales, then you're gonna have to roll up your sleeves and get proactive with right. So are you gonna hit diminishing returns? Yes, by definition, you're going to right make sense. Question for you then is, do you legitimately, I mean, here are, I mean,

Matthias Miller  25:52
if you look at the opportunity cost, if this is actually, sorry, there's one other metric I want to point out close rate of overall leads versus close rate of contacted leads in general, if you're putting in the work to contact leads. So in general, I draw the line of it is marketing's responsibility to get you a lead that you can contact, right? And it is sales effort, sales responsibility once they get hold of the lead at that point is qualified lead to close it right? And so now, if you're not putting in the effort, the same effort, to reach the person, then you can break it down like that, but that's obviously a different issue, but, but that's a handy rule of thumb. So the close rate is the overall close rate, which this tells you interesting things, like, if you would have closed at 32% that's another nine 9% at and we don't have the values. Eric is closing about 500 to $1,000 higher per sale, ticket price. But part of the part of the reason your leads are expensive. I mean, if you could convert at that, that's another I mean, it's another 10 sales, it's another 70 grand of revenue, yeah. So there's definite opportunity cost associated with that. If he doesn't want to accept a challenge, right?

Speaker 1  27:23
Yeah, you know that's good. I think we're getting to a place with that seat where it's either except the Challenger, we just start asking bigger life questions of like, Hey, why are why are we here? If it's just strictly to get a check, then let's figure something else out. So how? So obviously, this is pulling, excuse me, strictly from TSA. Oh,

Matthias Miller  27:53
that's pulling from. This is pulling from GHL, and I'm switching over the sales to pulling from, well, actually pulling everything from GHL, Okay,

Speaker 1  28:04
gotcha. So therefore, I mean, there's no as far as validity goes of the actual, those are good numbers.

Matthias Miller  28:15
Well, with some caveats, because there is opportunity for me to make mistakes, right? But

Speaker 1  28:22
like, I guess, Mike, what I'm really curious about is, what's the how are we verifying this is accurate? Because I The problem is, I don't know. Let's,

Matthias Miller  28:33
let's, let's run. So let's go into contact. Contacts. Let's do filter created in the range of let's pick let's pick April. All

Matthias Miller  29:02
right. Oops, and the owner or this assignee is Caleb.

Matthias Miller  29:20
So here there is a slight discrepancy. I'm seeing 100 This is showing 105 this is showing 103

Matthias Miller  29:34
it is possible. Stuff always gets dicey.

Matthias Miller  29:49
If we would, I

Matthias Miller  30:15
be some date added. Oops, I wanted that one.

Matthias Miller  30:36
Let's go ahead, all right. I

Matthias Miller  30:44
Austin now,

Matthias Miller  30:52
they should both be Mountain Time Zone. Let's try Eric. I it

Matthias Miller  31:08
125 versus 123 there's a two person discrepancy on this one.

Matthias Miller  31:20
Leads contacted. So some of that shouldn't be time zone differences, although I suppose possible. I wouldn't have, I wouldn't know without pulling out the contact IDs of who that is, and I can do that.

Matthias Miller  31:41
Some of this becomes really difficult to cross reference without,

Matthias Miller  31:52
because there is No report to pull some of this information across. I

Matthias Miller  32:27
if you want, we could conceivably create some additional reports to surface some of these things.

Speaker 1  32:41
Yeah, I think, like for me, the biggest thing is that, the way my brain understands GHL with your you at your fingertips, and this is that we can manipulate any we can manipulate the reports pull, or maybe manipulate some work. We can create reports to be pulled that allow us to really analyze data in a way that we would not have not been able to otherwise correct. And that's one of the big selling points of this whole system. Is like here, if you need, if you want raw truth, like here it is, right? And so, because I think I would imagine most people, most companies in this industry, just aren't they're accepting much less data and just saying it's good enough. Either we're making money or we're not correct. And so, yeah, so for me, it's like, I don't want to get so granular that it's a distraction. But I also like

Speaker 1  33:56
my management style really. This makes it so much easier for me to stomach or handle hard accountability conversations that may or may not lead to transition right, because it's like, dude, the proof is in the numbers here well,

Matthias Miller  34:13
and to your point, so most a lot of these metrics, there's more metrics that we could pull in. There's things like, we're not tracking we're not tracking objections and reasons for losing sales. We're not tracking whether you're whether people are setting appointments on every call. We're not tracking there's a bajillion things this dashboard specifically came from a paid consulting engagement with a guy who's managed or run probably hundreds of sales teams. Oh, okay. And so to your point, I don't think most, yeah, I agree. Most people aren't at that level of sophistication. I don't think you have to run it like this, for sure. I think there's a lot you can you can just look at the bottom line if you want to, but if you really want to diagnose and understand what's going on,

Speaker 1  34:57
right, which I'm interested in, because I view, part of the privilege of my job is to help develop somebody that's young like that, right? Yeah, because the two sales guys we have, I would say, are very different in many ways, but one of which one sales guy, we look at these numbers and they there, he'll analyze it himself, and he'll be like, probably a little doom and gloom, just naturally, but, but also, like, he knows what to do with that data. If another guy, he's probably just like, probably gets a little intimidated by the fact that now this is being tracked, because he's like, Oh, now I have to actually see what my labor, the fruits of my labor. So, yeah, so like for me, I would what's great is it allows managers a totally different tool to offer accountability to results. Because I think at the end of the day, I work for guys that want to see results, that's the game, name of the game, right? And so, yeah, so I don't, if they look at it, they're like, Oh, this is really helpful. So far, I don't see any columns that are like, well, I don't see actually, why this is beneficial for me to know that. So that's good. I think big picture is just as long as I have the peace of mind and knowing, like, Oh, yeah. I mean, this is within, like, the margin of discrepancy is so minor that it's

Matthias Miller  36:34
so here's the potential challenge. I mean, I think this is the difference between a 1500 and a $15,000 dashboard. I don't know. Like, if you really wanted to get it right, then we would, we would pull out reports all right, who are the leads that we actually thought we cross reference it with GHL. Find the discrepancies like, why are there? Why is there a difference of two? Is that a time zone issue? Like with HubSpot, we found time zone issues because lazy and we didn't handle time zone. We appear to be handling time zone here. So I don't think it's that, but there's some kind of reason. Yeah,

Speaker 1  37:09
um, discrepancy of two doesn't bother me. Just a discrepancy of like, the the overall number doesn't like a discrepancy. That's not a glaring

Matthias Miller  37:22
overview, right? But then there's, then there's more difficult to verify things like the days to first attempt. There is no metric in GHL. So the only, only way to really do this is to say, here was here, here, here's here, are all the contacts. Here was when it was created. Here was the first, first con, you know, first attempt. And here's a link to it. And go make sure that that, make sure the time frame looks right, make sure that that's actually when we first attempted the content. And obviously I can look at it in my end to make sure, like this is sane on where I'm pulling the numbers from, but there's still potential that I missed something

Speaker 1  38:07
Sure, what reports on the GHL side? What? What's other? Is there other information we're currently not collecting that would make it easier for this report, this type of reporting, because I would, I kind of want to work backwards. So if we were saying, this is the report, this type of report, accurate reporting is what we want. Then, okay, then what? What data do our sit, does our sales team need to be making sure is and the sales manager need to be holding accountable. Of, like, hey, this data has to be put in and has to be accurate. Or do I mean, is it go further in? Like, do we need to change tagging systems? Well, this,

Matthias Miller  38:56
this by itself. There's very little here that people can mess with close rate monetary value, but that doesn't affect Caleb, and it only affects Erica and bull runs. There's more like if you want accountability around setting appointments, even if it's I've gotten people, I've gotten a variety of feedback about setting appointments. In the shed industry, most people say people don't set appointments. But there's still the Hey, would you be free Tuesday afternoon? You know, round two? Like, that's still, even if it's not a two o'clock on the money, like, running three is still an appointment. And so if you want to accountability around setting appointments, that's another reason why things fall through the cracks. There's no clear follow up, there's no time for follow up. There's no expectation of follow up. There's no reason for follow up. But that requires so that would be more more data. So I would say the bigger thing is more like I more like tracking some of those things, tracking objections, which I mentioned.

Speaker 1  40:09
Well, what I've been doing lately is just randomly correct, like sample testing and just clicking on his activity in GHL, click on one see, okay, what was the follow up? Like on this one? Oh, yikes. Or oh, great. Like this is awesome, one or the other, yeah, and then, or I won't even look at it beforehand, and I'll go into their his office and do it with him and say, Hey, let's look at your current any contacts that are in syntax. Let's look at when you most recently followed up with them. That's what I've been doing so far. I can keep doing it that way, because right now that that's not extra cost or whatever, but at the same time, the obviously, the longer a salesman is here, and when we are away from the months of like, the actual transition over to GHL like, then it's like, oh, we actually have 12 months of data. I can see when you were going through a hard time in your personal life. Oh, I can see when you felt really sharp and clear headed and all this, or that's on the sales side. Then it's like, we can also give like, right now. Right now, I don't really feel like I have much to hold

Unknown Speaker  41:30
the marketing team accountable to. So that's a that's one of the biggest things I'm looking for. And this is

Unknown Speaker  41:37
like, Hey Ray

Speaker 1  41:42
saying like Asher, because that right? Yeah, so that honestly, it's the accountability of both parties, yep, and so I don't have the problem is I don't have previous experience to know what exactly it is that I want or need, other than figuring out, okay, how is life X trying to trying to tell me they have value, what are their metrics? And then at the end of the day, it's just bottom line numbers for our sales guys, right? So when

Matthias Miller  42:14
your your marketing spend relative to revenue is still within acceptable or actually under acceptable industry. It's just, I'm surprised that the leads, if the lead cost is as high as it is, unless it really is that high intent, these are really the high intent buyers. But,

Speaker 1  42:33
yeah, no, I've never heard of it being that high, so I don't know what's going on,

Matthias Miller  42:38
right? That's right. Never mind. I need to make a list of things I need to chase, because that's not, that's not I want to know right resolve discrepancy with Google account numbers, because that's not, that's not right. I

Matthias Miller  43:06
The other thing I wanted to

Speaker 1  43:12
do, I this excites me. I feel like this helps move the needle. So if, if we feel like we can iron out the kinks or seal up the cracks or whatever to the best of our ability for the price range that I'm being given, but as long as it's that I'm getting a allegedly seeing a higher return. Hey, Nate, hey, how you doing? Good? Good,

Unknown Speaker  43:41
I'm good.

Speaker 1  43:44
You have a good weekend. Yeah, actually was good. You heard you went out for dinner and stuff. Yeah, cool. You're supposed to know I didn't say that sounds like a sounds like we should have a conversation later. You can fill me in. Yeah, how's your weekend. It's good I was on that rafting trip in Utah. Okay, is that what I heard you on The Bachelor weekend. Yeah, with 15, guys. Yeah, my buddies.

Speaker 1  44:40
It too. Yeah, so let's say we're spending 2000 and it's all sending them 2000 bucks or whatever. Well, no, it's an upfront cost of x, which is what 1500 or 2500

Matthias Miller  44:54
for the dashboard. Yeah, I priced it at 1500 which is a steal. But yeah, I'm not complaining. Yeah. I think, yeah. I mean, we price it at 1500 to 15 months for a month of review for the first quarter and to see where we go from. Yeah,

Speaker 1  45:11
right. Okay, so, so then the idea would be that in the, let's, I don't know, for easy math, I've invested, we've invested three grand into this accountability system, right? And the with the hopes that the return on that is that we see a bone Correct. Three months down the road, we see a bump that says, oh, man, this is value added x times.

Matthias Miller  45:38
Should it utilize? Well, it should Yes, correct? And I doubt that,

Speaker 1  45:46
right? And I think that the idea is, if you're, if you and I are, well, if you're willing to sit down with me for those first quarter to make sure that I am utilizing it appropriately, then that's a, to me, that seems like a big step in the right direction. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  46:05
all right, let me I'm going to try running the pulling in the these numbers here, because they would love to look at that with you, if we can. Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  46:20
I've been wanting to roll this. I've had an Excel spreadsheet somewhat similar to this, yeah, before and I used it, I wasn't able to convince the client to use it. The client was not so much a number studied person. I've been looking for the opportunity to do this, so I'm quite excited to do it. I just think it's, again, average this, it'll be distorted a bit once you get pull more leads in there, as far as average, average ticket value, sure, but that's a very simple metric to it says a lot about a salesperson. Yeah,

Speaker 1  47:06
absolutely, I would have loved as a when I played football in college, there was nothing more intimidating than the film room after the game the day after game day, because it was like, oh, man, I'm about to be exposed in front of everybody. The film doesn't lie, yep, and this is the film, if you saw the analogy. And so it's like, but then the more mature I got as a as a player with my talents, the more I actually couldn't wait to get to that. Because it was like, Yeah, you know you're gonna wince every once in a while, because you're like, Yeah, I'm gonna get laughed at. This was really bad, yep. But then it was like, no, no. Like, I feel like I executed at a higher level, yeah. What is the what does the film say? Yep. And so that's what I want for a sales team, is for them to get excited, be like, Hey, I can't wait for you to see my reports this

Matthias Miller  48:01
month. Yep, there's another, another good thing as a sales management cadence, which I personally struggled to take the time to do, but it's really useful, and that's to do a sales call, like, listen to call recordings as well. I've been

Speaker 1  48:13
doing that good, yeah, and it's been helpful to me. It's been very insightful to me, of like, oh, like, with both sales guys for different reasons, is like, oh, we need to improve our knowledge of product, yep, or our knowledge of logistics that are connected to our product for the customer, like pad preps or building codes or whatever, and it's just through the phone calls, or even just listening to it from a tone perspective of like, hey, this, this felt I was listening to comment. I It feels to me like it's annoying to you that you're on the phone with this customer, right? Yep, or you can't. You just couldn't get off the phone fast enough, or whatever it was, or, Hey, you were you talked about fishing for 40 minutes and sheds for 30 seconds. Like, I don't know if that's a good use of your time. Yeah, but yeah. So I like this. I believe, I totally believe in it. And so I'm just all my questions are more just like curiosity of how it works, and then just building confidence on it, so I can be like, yeah. And to

Matthias Miller  49:26
give further context for how it works under the hood, basically, I replicate GHL in another system, right? Okay, so we're literally sucking out all all the messages, sucking out all the contacts,

Unknown Speaker  49:37
yeah, yeah. And

Matthias Miller  49:39
that sits in a separate system, and then there's a whole reporting system that's on top of that system. So that system houses TSA data, or shut up data, GHL data, Google ads, Facebook, yeah, if you want to do that, we're gonna

Speaker 1  49:53
start doing them. I think one of the ideas I had, I'd be curious, if you think it's a good idea, featuring a shed of the week.

Matthias Miller  50:03
Yes, and here's what I would do. I've been thinking about this too. I I need to get the discovery pushed out. I don't know why I've been sitting on it. It's unfortunate, but I've been knitting for Premier. I've been I've been digging into inventory age, if you want to shit of the week, yes. And if you want to run promos, yes, go get some of your old inventory that's older than a year. Yes. And if you want flash sales on a specific building, yeah, like, that's great way to free up cash. And if it hasn't sold in this long yeah, there's a reason. Yeah, maybe we should, yeah,

Speaker 1  50:38
yeah. That's how I wanted to do it, though, was like, one it gets it gives us more action on social media, like activity, and how many people are always looking for a lightning sale? Like I, my my brother, well, he's he really enjoys cigars, and he's like, Dude, there's this sweet website. I get emails with lightning sales, and I'm like, you have more cigars than you'll ever need, but it's such a good deal. That's what I want to step into for the consumers. Like, this shit is so good, like, you can't deny it. Like, let's

Matthias Miller  51:17
go

Speaker 1  51:18
exactly. So I think we'll do it. That's like, that's one of the things I'd like to implement this quarter. Is a shed of the week go from our oldest inventory, moving it moving up. But, yeah, it's just, let's get stuff moving. Yeah, I don't. I don't need the $3,000 to just continue to weather

Matthias Miller  51:38
out there exactly, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  51:45
So, yeah, but it would be like, i

Unknown Speaker  51:49
Goodness gracious. That's the

Speaker 1  51:54
that's the idea. Is, I'd like to, if we can, like, obviously, a P L statement and a balance sheet is really important, but it doesn't give me this data, right? And what I what I hate, is when you go into a conversation with somebody whose feelings tell their own narrative without any validation, like verification. And so it's like, I don't want to diminish anyone's feelings or even disregard them, but it's like, hey, what do you feel when you read this

Matthias Miller  52:30
great quote from Steve, he said something like he was quoting somebody else. He's like, when it comes to fact, when it comes to data, it's like, everybody gathers around. It's like, let's look the data. When it comes to feeling, let's go with my feeling,

Speaker 4  52:40
yeah, that's right, that's right, yes, yeah, build it. I like it. Yeah, I'm excited to listen to that.

Speaker 3  52:50
But yeah, so I think, I think that's cool.

Unknown Speaker  53:01
So it's already set up.

Matthias Miller  53:04
Save the link. Sorry, it's a janky link, but it's okay.

Matthias Miller  53:15
Yeah, the little star, oh, thank you.

Speaker 1  53:21
And I'm going to call this what sales analytics, sure.

Speaker 1  53:30
And then how, how do you want to do just jump on, well, jump on a call, yeah, Screen Share, and we can talk through, okay, cool. Yeah, that sounds good. Do you have any recommendations of like resources? So I want to be very intentional about trying to improve as a sales manager and so, but I don't really know where to go. Like, I can be like, hey, what sales books do you recommend? So, like, Rich is rich recommended the art of the deal by Donald Trump, so I'm listening to it, and it's really enlightening, of, like, how that guy's brain worked. And it's good exposure. But I didn't know if you're more of in this, this industry. I don't know if you have, I'm not a huge podcast guy, but I can get, I can force myself to be. But didn't know if you had any recommendations of resources, books, or even people to follow for, like, yeah. Like, what you're producing, that type of, that type of, that vibe, is what I really enjoy.

Matthias Miller  54:56
I have a little bit of an ax to grind, because people land on one of two sides of the fence, you have the people who are hyper optimized for results, and then they unintentionally start integrating what I believe to be manipulative tactics into the sales conversation, sure, and I personally can't stand that. And then you have the people on the other side of the fence who are hyper ethical selling, yeah, but then, no, like the jury's out sometimes, well, you can have people, there's a small subset of people that, I Think, that mostly observed as these people are really interesting, and I think there's something to it, but there are people who go to the other extreme of ethical selling and then just completely fall apart, like, right? It's not productive. Yeah,

Speaker 4  55:53
yeah. We still need results. We still need results. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:58
I've been intrigued by some of Jeremy Miller stuff, but here gracious whole bunch of jostle thoughts. I do think that what he says about removing, I don't know that's original with him, but removing pressure from the sales conversation is important and valuable. That removing pressure is more important. Removing felt pressure is more important now than ever. Galper is another guy

Unknown Speaker  56:37
who was the first one, Jeremy Miller,

Matthias Miller  56:40
so I haven't followed Jeremy closely. I don't completely like the full, full, full candor. Don't particularly like the guy and everything that he that. I think he stands for sure, but I also think you know, so there's that,

Unknown Speaker  56:56
yeah, what was the other guy's name?

Matthias Miller  56:58
Ari galper. A R, I G, A L, P, E, R, I appreciate the way Ari shows up, and I don't know it's not specific to the shed industry.

Unknown Speaker  57:15
What was it? What

Matthias Miller  57:20
I thought of this

Matthias Miller  57:32
subset within a subset, there's

Matthias Miller  57:42
something very specific want to go after.

Matthias Miller  57:55
Yes, here it is. I did consult with a guy on network earlier this year, who is specifically, specifically focuses on building out the prospect buying journey. Okay, so, I mean, okay, so one of the things that he talked about was, like, basically personality, customized sales. Yeah. So his magic question is, how's your day stacking up? That's not something that you just snuff off as whatever, right? But then, based on that response, you then guide the conversation based on, yeah, who they are, their personality. But then there's other parts to this, which is going in, which is going beyond the sales conversation I Eric and I have had this conversation. I think one of the reasons why did so well over the show yard wasn't just because of his skills. I think, I think with their autoresponder, with other things that they have their mark, other marketing pieces ahead, in place, I think people were better teed up than here, than here.

Speaker 1  59:00
Yeah, I would 100% agree with that. I think the only reason I was successful here was, I believe the more that I listen to other people talk about how they approach sales and this was all just just kind of how I approached it intentionally is just alleviate pressure, but build a connection away from the actual product itself, and then from there, I just start asking pertinent questions. And it worked, if it worked, it's like, I think it makes sense for you, but I was saying that sincerely, and then they're like, Yeah, I do too. Or actually, I don't think this is you're going to be happy with the end result. This is going to be more bigger bite than you think it is. Yeah, and then they would do that. So I think, but so this report would probably say I would have as far as time spent on phone, probably longer. But I also think I there would be a like, the total dollar sold would just also be show value to that, yep. So I think for me, but what I always did quickly is like, I would, I would read you, and I'd be like, Okay, what's this guy? Like, where? How do I connect with this guy? About something, not about sheds, yep, and then go from there and just like, and then drop it completely. Talk about sheds. So what? Yeah. So, okay, sorry, you're not here to talk about that. Why

Matthias Miller  1:00:30
are you here? Yep, yeah, yeah, which seems to be naturally asked the question, what?

Speaker 5  1:00:40
Yeah, yeah. Said all our history is that, yeah?

Speaker 4  1:00:46
I mean, yeah, that's a big one. Also, I would ask you about how you got your scab on

Matthias Miller  1:00:51
your head to a chip back. It's a good thing I got a hard head, yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:56
So that's probably how I would do that,

Speaker 1  1:01:01
or just kind of Yeah, just kind of ask you, like, what you did over the weekend or whatever. I just kind of ask, like, very non invasive questions, typically, yep, and then what based off their answer. Like a salesman, a salesman came in to sell me something today. He's like, Yeah. On my way to Utah, I thought I'd stop by. I was like, Oh, I was like, Oh, I was just in Utah. So then we talked about a raft trip for five minutes, yep. And then he's all of a sudden. Now I know where he's from. I know how many friends he's visiting on the way. He's going to Gunnison. We talked about the town of Gunnison, all within seven minutes. And He came to talk to me about Windows, you know, yeah, like, Oh, okay. And then by the end of it, he's like, dude, I'm gonna every time in the hearing was stop by and say, Hey, sounds good. Yeah, exactly. The cheaper your windows are, the better dollar wise, not in quality. Yeah, yeah, so, but yeah. So I think I just, I just know that even just from my experience in the last year and a half, or just over a year now, 1213, months, every salesman cannot needs to be tended to independent of like, obviously, there's a greater metric, hey, here's, here's the here's the playground. You gotta play, right? But then it's like, one kid is going to approach the jungle gym very differently than the kid who's on the swings. Yes, you know. And so it's like, Okay, what does it look like to connect with both of them, yep, make sure they're thriving, yep, and then, and then just keep feeding them Yep. So yep, that's what I want to do. I have I just don't I don't feel like I have very much confidence ever since we switched to GHL. I don't feel like I don't have confidence in whatever data they're pulling from life X. Life x is pulling I just am like, I don't know how much I can trust this yet, because it's we're still kind of feeling stuff out. So this makes me feel a lot better.

Matthias Miller  1:03:12
I mean, the fact that we had 230 contacts created in April is a helpful number. Now, does it say specifically where they came from? And is

Unknown Speaker  1:03:23
there a verification that that's not like a telemarketer?

Matthias Miller  1:03:26
No, there's not, okay. I mean, you got assigned, via the round robin to them, and it stayed assigned to them. So

Speaker 1  1:03:33
so if they so that's true. So, because what they're doing now is they're reassigning telemarketers to a vendors. Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:03:41
so in that case, they should not be. This does not include telemarketers. Great,

Unknown Speaker  1:03:46
yep. Okay, so that's

Speaker 1  1:03:48
that's encouraging. So then what I'm going to do is, when life x comes to me with their monthly report says, hey, it looks like we had 200 leads created this month. I'm going to come back to this report and say, did we actually have 200 No, it actually showed we actually had, like, 130 that discrepancy is probably telemarketers. So then I can give that information Asher and say, Hey, how many understand where you got that number? Because this is the number that I have in my software, right?

Matthias Miller  1:04:18
And this is the frustrating thing about data is that you ever gone down the rabbit hole of, how do you attribute marketing success like it's a really, really, the real answer is really complicated, so you can't, first of all, but second of all, okay, so touch number one was Google touch number two was the second Google search. Number three was Google Maps. Number four was or actually number four was number zero, before all this was driving past this four times on the way to Pueblo, right? And then number five was a Facebook post, and the number six was somebody posted organically and their personal profiles and photo of a ship they got. And so does the location. How much credit does the location get for the sale? Yeah, but it is Google Facebook. Whatever, right?

Speaker 1  1:05:06
Yeah, and right now, like, I don't have any automated emails. Like, I don't have any of those. Like, a follow up email with customers asking for a review and maybe a question like, Hey, how did you hear hear about us, and then we have that like, that would be interesting data too, because I don't want, obviously, I come from the sales side, so I'm going to be more skeptical of the marketing, and I want to recognize my bias and say, I don't want to give inaccurate credit anywhere, right? And so if, if Asher's telling me that they're killing it on Google based off of the closed deals, I want to be able to say actually, 45% of those people said they heard about us by driving by just due to our physical location, right where they saw our satellite locked. It had nothing to do with Google. So, yeah, so I think that's good. I probably the way my brains working is like, I want to, let's start at this very base level. I don't the esthetic is fine, okay, that's great. I I feel like, I'm I feel like if I wanted to spend $4,000 more on something that's like, funny or not funny, but fun and whatever, then that's what it would be. But I just need the data, and I want to make sure you

Matthias Miller  1:06:35
with your

Speaker 1  1:06:38
counsel, and I'm reading it accurately and understanding it accurately. And then, if it's from there, if it's like, okay, this has been good, but it, if there's more, what would that? And then we

Speaker 2  1:06:50
can gradually, yeah, build up. But I think

Speaker 1  1:06:54
for me, this, this is good. I think the more I'm like, big and this is, this is kind of, I'm delving into the two conversations of CSC, slash, PBS and then breakfast, hanging out like Jesse, whatever is like as I'm still trying to figure out what is Jesse's role. How does Jesse fit into the big picture of things I just, I just know right now, nobody else at PBS is or in the greater conglomerate is doing this stuff, yeah, and so I don't at this point, I'm less worried about my my personal seat, and more just like, hey, how can we continue to add value to

Unknown Speaker  1:07:34
the ecosystem, to the ecosystem,

Speaker 1  1:07:39
And then from there, I think it would. It'll probably, hopefully work itself out to be like a it makes most sense that if you fit in the picture, this is where you fit.

Matthias Miller  1:07:49
So privately, yeah, I think you should go to rich and say rich. We were wrong about my seat at the table being in systems. My seat at the table should be, I should, I should play at least an interim sales manager role with your dealers, and get that whipped into shape, okay? And or potentially consider in house at least one in house salesperson, I don't know, and I should probably throw this in the report. Hopefully I can get that out to him

Unknown Speaker  1:08:24
to sleep. But, oh, cool.

Matthias Miller  1:08:27
But to me, that's a logical expansion, because getting them, you have minimal not, you're not that. You're not a tech super so there is systems overlap. Yeah, you've, you've been involved in rolling out GHL here, you could be involved in rolling out GHL there, right? A tool like this to start really digging in and start doing some of those reviews over there. It's a lot, it's a lot more on your plate, admittedly, yeah, yeah. But it's a gap that they have, and I think it would be a natural first of all, it'd be, I think it'd be a huge benefit to them as a company, and it would be a natural extension

Unknown Speaker  1:09:05
so that

Speaker 1  1:09:06
I'm, yeah, I'm way more interested in natural extension than like, oh, I have to completely pivot and now learn now I gotta be excited about being A systems guy, right? It's like, no, just you're not. You

Matthias Miller  1:09:23
will never be like,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:24
Yeah, even the idea of like, dealer support,

Speaker 1  1:09:27
slash sales management, like this, this is way more exciting to me, and I could talk to you about this all day, versus GHL system process. I'm just like, I don't know, Eric, what do you want? I me, which is, I realize they're inner they are inner related, but I, what I My style is like, I don't, I don't have the visionary that he has to sit down and be excited about. No, the system could do this, this, this, this, and this. I'm like, no, okay, just tell me what it does, right, and and why it's important to utilize it, which is this, yep, and then I can, we can work backwards with the dealers of Virginia and be like, which will be fascinating, because some of those dealers have been selling longer than I've been alive, and some of them are super humble and kind and great. And then some of them will look at me and be like, son, don't you come in here and tell me what to do?

Matthias Miller  1:10:29
Yep, okay, then some won't return my phone calls. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:10:33
Who Have not you could been able to connect with out there.

Matthias Miller  1:10:38
I did with Joel and crystal and her parents. Oh, good and oh, what's the guy's name? Sorry. What

Unknown Speaker  1:10:49
is his last name? Leech?

Matthias Miller  1:10:52
No, there's a there's another. Is it? Ray? They've been trying to connect with. We just miss each other, maybe. But none of the others. Some of the voice box was full, yeah. I was like,

Speaker 4  1:11:04
it's a different world during sales and what?

Unknown Speaker  1:11:07
Yeah,

Speaker 1  1:11:08
like, I drove down. I don't know if I told you this. I drove down. I was last time I was out there. Originally I did this thing. We're like, here we got about a half mile stretch of a straight road through a neighborhood. Let's count how many sheds we see? And we counted. We stopped counting at 55 sheds. Every property had at least two.

Matthias Miller  1:11:27
No,

Speaker 1  1:11:28
yeah. So it's just such a different world, like you, we will not see that here. No in Colorado, for many reasons, many reasons,

Unknown Speaker  1:11:37
but out there, it's like

Speaker 1  1:11:41
buying a shed is, is just like, it's just a thing, and I don't know, and so that's why they can afford to have dealer, literally, two dealers on every corner.

Speaker 1  1:11:57
So awesome. Well, I appreciate you coming out. I don't next step would be like, we probably, well,

Matthias Miller  1:12:04
I'll fix this. Okay, I'll get this the I mean, I think this is, this, honestly, is the biggest thing like this, the Google Ads stuff doesn't really affect what you do. I think it's curious. What's giving the wrong numbers, but is not relevant, right? This is what matters, getting your total sales numbers in which I can get done. Would you be open to, is this too fast of a turnout? Would you be open to writing a card for the initial payment on this part of it? Should I wait until she gets back?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:35
It's payroll we can

Speaker 4  1:12:39
slip well, is Kim cart. How's it it can be a credit card, yeah. Yeah, that's fine. We can do or no no yeah we can do that. Let's do that. You have that capability here, I like

Speaker 3  1:12:57
we just had to switch business currents. Rich, because the guys.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai