Speaker 1  00:00
We are going to get started in just a minute or so. Greetings from Spring starting to happen Chicago, and where it's what, probably 45 degrees and there's little buds pushing out on my tree, leaves outside my windows here, and you're in for a special treat, because you have Matthias Miller. So we'll tell you about Matthias Miller in a minute. Meanwhile, how many? Let's see how many were on the nine minute mission yesterday? I'm curious. In the chat,

Unknown Speaker  00:48
Mary Alice was very nice.

Speaker 1  00:54
I thought we had a pretty good conversation in that call. I appreciated everybody's input. I know not everybody got to chime in, but for those of you who might not be familiar, for the last few weeks, I've been every Monday doing a literal nine minute call, called nine minute mission on Mondays at 11 Eastern. And we've had those have been well attended. They've always had well over 100 people on them. And I just been sharing a thought. And what I did yesterday was I said, I I did a little presentation. I said, anybody that wants to go, feel free to go. Anybody who wants to stay on, I want to talk to you about what are, what are some things that we could do better, to better meet your needs, and what is keeping you from asking for help when you need help? And we had some really good input, and a number of people said, Yeah, I A lot of times I need help and I'm afraid to ask for it, and so and and we also came to a realization that it would be nice if we had some kind of ground rules for people helping each other, like just kind of like a an informal social contract that makes it a little more clear what reciprocity might look like, because a lot of times people feel sheepish asking for help if they're not in a position to give help. And so our team is thinking about that and and I circulated all of that to my team yesterday after our call. So I just thought that was really interesting, and I'd love to hear more from you guys. You guys can always email Edith at Perry Marshall com and give us comments if, if you feel like you have something to add to that conversation. And Kyler, we're going to get started and then introduce Matthias. So Kyler, Indeed,

Speaker 2  03:28
indeed. Thank you very much. Yeah, I was just going over the recording of that as well, and I thought there was some really good insights in there. I'm really excited about it. But aside from all of that, you know what I'm about to do, here you are. Thank you guys so much for showing up for this new renaissance webinar. I'm so excited to be here with you. That is, I cannot see that, so I'm going to have to move this your membership, as always, has its privileges. This being one of them, the next topical webinar will be having after this one is Jeremiah Baker on May 20, four at three to 4pm Eastern. Mark your calendars. Forum day. Next one coming up, April 18. We also have regular call in days with Perry, where you can get so your questions answered. A little bit of consultation. You know, this guy charges $4,000 an hour. How can I get them on the phone? Well, the call in day next one, June 17, two to 4pm Eastern Market calendars. Next up, we have memos from the head office. We have so many, it does not make sense for me to list them here. If you don't know what it is, you can read the book on the topic, memos from the head office, by Perry Marshall and John McGee. Absolutely fantastic book, very, very interesting, very, very strange. Otherwise, if you know what it is, you know how good it is. We also have newsletters delivered directly to your door. Check out prolificity. I spelled it right this time that recently went out. It is both in your members area and also most likely in your mailbox. If you haven't gotten it already, next up, I've got some announcements, and I'm going to go really quick. Yes,

Speaker 1  05:07
one thing that didn't make the your slide was office hours for new renaissance club members, Wednesday, April 16, at 4pm Eastern, boom and and that is, I, I I added those in recently. We have a lot of support for you guys, and there's no reason for anybody to be struggling when there's answers and help available. So back to you. Kyler,

Speaker 2  05:38
absolutely, absolutely. Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. I'm so glad you added that. That's so good. All right, so we've got aI simplified coming up. Scott Chang is walking business owners through how to use AI. It is unbelievably complicated otherwise, and he makes it so simple, so easy, even I understand it. And I'm a little bit of a Luddite. I love it. Perry Marshall lives coming up. We have Boston, June 24 and Denver, July 17. If you're looking for a one day mastermind, looking for people that are, I don't know, maybe like you, that you can complain to about your tax bill that is most certainly coming up, that would be the place to do it. You can also get really good context, really good questions answered, anything like that, usually you're going to walk away with a Eureka, absolutely worth your time, not to mention all the contacts and all of that we have the equity 2.0 seminar, oh baby. I'm so excited about this April, 22 through 24th in Chicagoland. I recommend flying into O'Hare, but you can also fly into midway. Do you ever plan on selling your business? Do you plan on, like, I don't know, dying at some point you are going to need to get rid of your legal structures at that point. We can help you with that. We can help you grow your empire into something that is inheritable, something that is transmissible. This is what we are here to help people do. Most businesses when they sell are a forced sale. That's according to one of my friends in MNA, I believe that is absolutely true, and we might as well make this a choice for you and an opportunity for you to grow that intergenerational wealth that I know a lot of you are really aiming for. Lastly, brand new roundtable accelerator, two meetings with up to five other entrepreneurs in Perry's home office with ongoing guidance and growth very, very similar to roundtable that will eventually lead you into a full roundtable membership roundtable accelerator applications are being accepted. You reach out to edith@perrymarshall.com and we will sort out all the details. Get you everything you need to know. If you've ever been interested in roundtable, if you've ever been interested in seeing what Perry's home office is like, if you've ever been interested in, I don't know, growing your business. Email edith@perrymarshall.com thank you guys so much for your time here, and I'll have to give it right back to Matthias and Perry.

Speaker 1  08:03
So Matthias is a really special guy. He's a member of our round table group. He and He wears a lot of interesting hats. He is a software programmer, and he understands technology really well. He's also a very intuitive, maybe even Empath, kind of a guy, which is not too common with a high tech person, and he's he has a real gift for working with teams and ironing out the kinks in getting groups of people to work together. And so I had a a client very recently who their their tech stack is a mess. They have a dozen different kinds of software that don't really talk to each other, and they they need that to happen without making it break. And I referred Matthias to them. He's He's carved out a little niche in the shed industry, where he's turned a number of shed companies around, including their marketing and their sales teams. And he's here today to talk about frictionless teams, which is his term for getting team members all rowing in the same direction and working within their giftedness. And he's from Colorado, and I've been looking forward to this. And you're you guys are really going to enjoy this. So Matthias, why don't you tell everybody what they're in for today?

Matthias Miller  09:47
All right, sounds good. Well, thank you, Perry, and hats off. You guys can drop in the comments. I think it's amazing, Perry, the community that you've set up here and the culture that you've created. Completed, and a lot of us experience the wind, the wind on our back from that. So thank you for that. So I want to talk today about frictionless teams, and specifically about unlocking momentum by solving invisible conflicts. So feel free to we're going to have some Q and A at the end. So feel free to track your questions, and we'll get we'll make sure to get them answered. So what we're looking at today is how to identify invisible conflicts that cause friction in your organization, and why the strengths that help you succeed in the past might be exactly what's holding you back. A practical, practical framework for ending departmental warfare without compromising innovation, and then a way to dive deeper with applying these ideas. So getting started, first of all, I think talking about my unconventional journey to this place is probably a good thing. They asked me to submit a bio for this for this talk. And there was one thing that I didn't talk about in that which is my very my very unusual beginning and foray into the tech world. Most folks don't I haven't talked about this much. Most folks don't know that I grew up as a little Amish boy in the plains of Kansas, and like literally nothing around except for wheat fields and and tornadoes and through a very odd kind of twist of fate, I ended up as an eight year old coding Pascal and later C and C Plus Plus applications, and eventually landed a gig with a software company that that help banks and insurance companies manage their bond investments. And so I was kind of in this weird intersection between bankers and buggies. So during the week, helping the folks on Wall Street line their pockets with a little bit more money or a lot more money. And on the weekends, you know, jogging around in a horse and buggy can go into church and things like that. And so there's this really bizarre from the very beginning, I've had this very bizarre intersection between between the the tech and the non tech world. And this really laid the foundation for a lot of how I end up viewing the world, how I end up viewing business, how I end up viewing, uh, tech, software, systems and things like that. I think one of the key lessons through all of that came down to understanding unbending systems and uncontrollable forces. And in both of those environments, I encountered both of those and what I learned was to you know you can, you can try to stand up directly against the system, and you can get crushed. Or you can learn to leverage the system and the weaknesses of the system against itself. And you can, you can learn ways to defeat the system effectively, and, and, and that kind of became a core skill set that I kind of an unconscious competence that I developed as a result of being in that environment. So

Speaker 1  13:08
Matthias, I just listening to that. I realized we completely buried the lead. What it sounds like, what we should have said to get people on this webinar was what you can learn about software from a guy who grew up Amish with with no technology. I mean, okay, how like is that like even half true? Well,

Matthias Miller  13:30
I mean, it's partially true. So we were on the outskirt, you know, our family was on the outskirts of of the Amish community, and the Amish community was on the outskirts of the of the broader Amish community. So we were pushing the limits. We we had cell phones, we had electricity, but the only reason we were allowed to have a computer in our house was because it was not our computer. It was our boss's computer. So it's not, you know, it's not our fault. So, yes, exactly. The other thing I didn't mention is that two, two of my biggest clients, are actually are actually eight and nine figure Amish businesses that we built software for which I'm going to talk about in a little bit. So, okay, so,

Speaker 1  14:12
so seriously, you have a fundamentally different perspective on technology than the average Gen Y person like by a large margin. Okay, so somehow or another, we never got Okay, that's interesting. Okay, back to our regularly scheduled programming. Well, and

Matthias Miller  14:35
let me add on top of that is that I understand technology from one of my hobbies as a kid was building a literal operating system, and I didn't get very far, but I understand technology from some of the very deepest, lowest levels, and I've written software tools that read programming languages and different things like that, and I understand networking and the full stack of software. We're in tech, so even from that perspective, yeah, so, so I've had this unusual way of looking at the world, and I've been trying to figure out how to articulate it, and this has been the rule that I've been trying to solve. And ta, da, you're about to get a journey into my head and how I look at businesses, and how I think about businesses in terms of consulting. So the wars we fight really and the friction we create really accounts for a lot of bottlenecks that we face in business. And I think a lot of businesses are operating at only a fraction of their potential because of it, and most of these wars aren't seen. And we're going to get into some specifics of what that looks like. But there's a few different and we're going to get into more specifics like, like gravity of competition, which is actually Richard Koch idea, and the cost of fragmentation within businesses, I think, fundamentally, fundamentally the division, friction, all of those things are, are significant. I mean, they're just drag on a business. And it's amazing what, what can happen if you do nothing but remove that from your business. And I think one of the one of the best examples I have, best and most of the most painful examples is early on in my software career, I landed a client for a custom software solution, and I netted a minus 200% net profit on the project. So I would actually have been better off taking a four modification and telling my wife I'm not taking any paycheck and doing nothing for four months, and we would have been further ahead financially had I done that, so I would have missed the lessons learned. But fundamentally, the issues that we had within that project was issues of alignment. And there were, there were a few issues of misalignment that were, that were, that happened. First of all, we developed a software solution for a department that actually did not yet exist in in the in the company, and I also had a fairly fundamental misalignment with with myself and my role with the with project, as a project manager, and also as a teacher and mentor to the team and all of those things. And there was a third misalignment, which was we did not, I mean, because of all of that, we did not closely enough model reality in the soccer project, and we ended up shooting ourselves in the foot. And we did not simplify it as aggressively as we should have. And and all of this comes down to friction points, unintentional wars, unintentional combat. I was I remember going on vacation with my wife's family for her brother's wedding and graduation, actually, all in the same weekend, and I was staying up until 10pm working with developers overseas, trying to get this project moving forward, and it was an absolute and utter disaster. So what does it look like for software projects to be successful? What does it work for teams working rowing in the same direction to be successful? There's a series of nuclear truths that I get in before I get into the heart of the matter. And I think one of the one of the questions I want you guys to consider as we go into this is somewhere in your business, there is a disproportionate amount of conflict, disproportionate amount of friction. It could be friction in getting something done. It could be friction between departments. It could be friction between the vision that you have for your business and where you're at now. It could be friction between individuals. It can be any, any number of friction. But I want you to think about where that friction actually lies and and I want to see if in the next half hour in particular, we can get you, get you some momentum around that, around that particular issue. So, and I think it's important to note that fundamentally, militarization creates division and union creates strength. So militarization is is just, it's people at odds, people at war and and it ends up dividing a different diverting energy. One of the most powerful shifts I've experienced personally, in my perspective of life in the world and business is that love, fundamentally, is a business strategy, and love has tactical behaviors. And if you want to break love down into attack, into into tactical behaviors, I would break it down into two things. It's knowing, which is curiosity, and it's being known which is with which is self disclosure and and that's fundamentally a feedback loop. And it's a feedback loop without any intent to a with a full embrace of reality and a full embrace of what is. And a willingness to work with what is and everything, everything I do in consulting ultimately comes down to those types of those two activities, and it comes down to the negotiation between those two things, whether it's developing a software solution that fits well with your business and streamlines operations, or whether it's literally, whether it's, it's helping an individual deal with with challenges and and just, I don't know, I was talking to business owner recently, actually yesterday, and actually one of my, one of my clients, we're getting Ready for, for a few private, private client days, and he just mentioned how everything, everything's going backwards. And so whether it's dealing with with, you know, leaning into the headwinds like that, or whether it's software solutions, these are become fundamental tools, nuclear trees that that I hold. So when you remove friction, everything else starts to go more smoothly, and there's really not much that you have to do besides just remove the friction in order for that to happen. So there are three types of alignment that we're going to talk about because, because fundamentally, I look at this from a perspective of alignment, and the first one is external alignment. How does your business align with the world outside of it? And the way that I think about that is from a macro and a micro perspective. So from a macro perspective, we're very familiar with Barry's done well to indoctrinate us about about Richard Koch star principle, Proposition simplifying, and in rare cases, price simplifying, but, but different models of creating external alignment with the economy in the market. One of the things that I see repeatedly is, you know, there's, there's kind of this war that we see again, between people who say, Man winning is just about mindset, if you just, if you just believe enough, you can win. And then there's the complete opposite, folks who say, Well, I'm just a victim of the economy in the market, and the truth actually lies somewhere in the middle that that we are influenced by the economy in the market is is a force that's typically beyond our control. But there's also rules by which we can play within that that sphere to shift things into our direction, and that's, that's what, what I mean by by external alignment. There's also a Little Richard consciousness, which I can't get too deep into, but he has a pretty obscure article where he talks about the gravity of competition, and basically your proximity to competitors makes, introduces friction for yourself and and friction for your customers. And creating creating affinity to your customers and different distance or differentiation from your competitors really is a key to removing friction and and the fun thing about gravity is that is that gravity actually has an exponential impact. So if you can just create one level of differentiation from your competition, you can substantially reduce the amount of gravitational pull from your competitor. But if you can do that across multiple areas, you you can create a substantial drop in the differentiation. So there's a lot of ways that we see this playing out in today's world. I know that a lot of people today are talking about kind of commoditized businesses and being able to attach personality to to relatively commoditized businesses, but that's that's only a single point of differentiation and and there's many other ways we're not going to get into into strategies. There's lots of lots of great research sources within, within planetary around these concepts. And then the other, the other piece of this is on the micro level, which is what the customer themselves. And this can happen within a sales conversation, finding, finding alignment with the customer, understanding what it is that they're looking for, understanding the things that motivate them. Things that motivate them, and finding ways to create alignment with that force. And there's also ways to do this within, you know, more broadly within marketing, creating deeply identity based resonance through your marketing, rather than just a transactional transactional sales or transactional marketing, that the deeper you can get into the into the actual head of the person,

Matthias Miller  24:33
which, again, it's I'm kind of teaching the choir with that one, but Creating alignment with the customer, the better you understand what their core motivations are, what's going on deeply inside of them, the more you can create alignment. So one of the fun case studies that we did in software, I actually ended up doing copywriting for a number of article series. And we took, we took all of the nightmare stories that we'd heard from all over the place, and we turned them into a single into a multi part story sequence, each about 1000 words, each, maybe, maybe a sequence of about six or seven, something like that, each one ending with a cliffhanger for the next one. And we used it as a as a marketing campaign to sell software. And we're selling software to a very non sophisticated group of people generally suspicious of tech. And we're selling to the in that particular case, for that particular client, selling to folks who are on, on the on the innovative edge within that group. And it was, it was, it was quite surprising and exciting to see the number of people who resonated with this simple thing of storytelling. And I think it's for two reasons. We have a human affinity to story, but also these stories came from people's real life scenarios, and we're able to pull, pull stories from, from, from the pages of their lives, and talk it back to them. And that deep, that deep understanding, you know, if, if, if, if, the number one thing in copywriting is, sorry, yeah, the number one thing in a promotion is about the list. I think the number one thing of copywriting is being able to crawl inside somebody's brain and heart and understand exactly what drives them. One of the fun case studies of creating external alignment, and this is alignment with a software vendor and client. This is for the Amish for with our Amish clients, one of the things that we did is we built a fax interface that allowed, allowed their different locations to communicate with the software by fax, and some some relatively sophisticated ways of doing, of recognizing inputs and other things like that, to to communicate with a an enterprise database in the back end. And one of the lessons in this is that, I mean, first of all, it's a lesson of creating alignment with your customer, find finding ways to build bridges and and. And I think a second lesson with this is that constraints really do lead to innovation. And you know, even, even jumping way back into what brought me here, throughout all of my life, in experiencing life through the lens of the culture that I was in the I found many of the constraints to be undue constraints, but they did generate this, this ability to play within the bounds and the constraints and come up with innovative ways to to get to get things done. So constraints do lead to innovation. So that's external alignment. More than anything else your business depends on creating alignment with, with economic trends, with market trends, with with customers and without that, business really doesn't exist. Then this the second part that I look at is in terms of internal alignment. And here's basically how organizations can look like on the inside. And I've had, I've had, I've had wonderful conversations with friends of mine who have worked in companies like the one on the left and the literally nothing is aligned. There's there's accountants who have access to finances that you shouldn't have, who are also subcontractors, who are paying themselves and probably paying themselves too much, and there's no accountability and very little visibility, and, and, and there's this bizarre lines of communication, like, it's, it's, it's amazing how bad things can get in in some organizations. And it, it, it leads to an incredible amount of chaos. It leads to lack of accountability. And so there's two types of alignment that we end up, that I particularly end up looking for. And one is vertical, vertical alignment, fundamentally, at every, every business, again, I feel like I'm I'm just reiterating fundamentals and perhaps providing a little spin of perspective on it. But with any any business, there's always, there's always a person at the front driving the vision, and there's always people coming along behind, supporting the supporting the vision. And we understand that. We get that. But there's many times in which there's a visionary that goes beating a path through the jungle and completely abandons the people who are coming along behind them trying to make things happen. And on the flip side, sometimes there's a team that gets obsessed over some kind of alternate path and goes wandering off. Off and and abandons the visionary. And so for people to be working together in a streamlined manner, you have to have vertical alignment, where, where everybody from executive level to to management level to supervisors, team leads, you know, frontline staff, everybody has to be moving in the same direction. And one of, one of the, one of the common pitfalls that I've seen, particularly with highly visionary leaders and highly innovative leaders, is the whole running off into the jungle and doing doing crazy things that disrupts everything else for the rest of the team. One of the simple things that that I've done, personally, and I've, I've encouraged my clients to do, is to have a designated laboratory where these types of things can exist, and there's a there's a little sandbox where there can be or really a laboratory where there could be explosions and chemicals, and chemicals and you need to wear goggles and suits, and it's not safe to be there, and you don't invite the rest of your team into that space until it's, you know, cleared for safe operation. And just that simple categorization of having a bucket to put these kind of laboratory experiments into, while maintaining the core, the core, grounded, regular, day to day, boring, go make money business. It proves to be quite helpful in maintaining, maintaining alignment. And another very simple tool that I've used, that my assistant and I use, is maintaining an ideas list. And we have a process by which I have a bajillion in one great but terribly mistimed ideas, and they jump on the ideas list. And she's got a process by which they resurface at the appropriate time. And we pick them up, take a look at them, decide whether to do something with them or to table them indefinitely. And typically, when there's an idea that keeps recurring repeatedly, it's a sign that there's something that probably should happen, should have, should happen there. So I think, I think one of the reflection questions practically is, is there any place in your organization right now where that you're aware of, where there are people? So maybe it's uncommunicated expectations. Maybe it's it's just the lack of accountability, but where there's an expectation for a team to be rowing in a specific direction, certain types of work that you want to take on, certain types of results you're going to produce for clients or customers, and there's a team that isn't producing that, and taking some time to reflect on that, I think is, is absolutely valuable. And of course, there's always the the the tactical solution of implementing KPIs across that across different different departments to make sure that they stay aligned. The other common one, the common areas of misalignment that I see, is horizontal misalignment. And the biggest place I see this is in the it's kind of the classic sales and marketing warfare. So marketing says you sales people are a bunch of schleps, like, you just sit around and then like, like, I'm giving you all these leads. Like, why aren't you closing them? And sales people fire shots back, and they're like, Well, if you would actually give us good leads and and then we wouldn't have this problem, and we just need better leads. And so there's kind of this classical warfare that that happens, that can happen between sales and marketing, but it can also happen in other departments as well, sales and operations,

Matthias Miller  33:36
is, is, is, is another one that I've seen and have helped clients resolve if you have highly if you have sales people who operate with a high degree of congruence integrity and have a hard time selling things that they're not they don't personally believe in, which I think is a good trait. Then then I've seen many times where excellent salespeople will pull back when operations is broken. And so one of the things that I did with one of our clients in particular was was it tighten the the feedback loop between sales and operations, and introduce some some level of accountability within operations, so that when the salesperson said, so that the the salesperson could look a customer in the eye and say, we promise you that you are going to get, you're going to get your product by this particular date. And they knew that the the rest of the team could, they could make that promise, and the rest of the team would actually keep it, and that the customer wouldn't, wouldn't come back to the salesperson calling them, you know, odd hours of the day or possibly night, trying to figure out why, why the ball got dropped. And so those those whores creating horizontal alignment and recognizing that we're all in the same on the same page, with the same mission to to drive revenue and to build profitability for the company is is key. Be and all right, and so part three, then is internal alignment. Sorry, this is Hang on. I messed up my slides. No, this is right, sorry. So internal alignment, systems and cultures. So there's just a few other areas. These don't fit into nice, tidy boxes. I'm gonna move through them fairly quickly. But there's misalignment of individuals and expectations. If you've got a salesperson that you expect to hold an accounting role or vice versa, I can't tell you how many times people, how many times I've talked to owners back from the ledge because they were upset over some kind of high performing salesperson who had great sales skills and and had other types of weaknesses that needed to be addressed, and they wanted to, yes, go ahead.

Speaker 1  35:59
I'd like you to slow down on this one and like, tell, tell a specific story, because I talk about this in the 8020 book, it's very common for really killer sales people to be otherwise very difficult to deal with, or their prima donnas, or their thoroughbreds, or they want a feng shui consultant and a poodle and an extra makeup trailer or whatever else. But, but I would just like you to to zero in on this a little more slowly, because I know you have specific stories. Yes.

Matthias Miller  36:35
So one example was a salesperson. The owner was like, and this guy, we hired him. I heard he always complains about stuff. I don't know if I like the guy, but he's really good. And so I set the owner down. I was like, Well, okay, let's talk about the issues. Well, we the guy sold, sold, in this case, sheds. This guy sold some buildings and and there were some issues. We did get them out in time, and I'm like, well, let's break it down. Like, did you, did you communicate to him that you've got a production bottleneck? No, we didn't know. Like, we had left it at that. This is our current lead time. Okay, have you put any process in place to make sure that that doesn't happen again? No, like, we just try to say we're just trying to fix the problem and get caught up and make sure everything is is fine and dandy and and this type of scenario. So that's scenario one, scenario two. And I've seen this repeatedly. I've got another good friend of mine, who's, who's, he's a great sales guy, very non conventional, very driven and very systems minded, a very unique blend of systems and empathy, which is probably one of the things that we we connect over, and he's constantly pushing, pushing his upline around, like this process is inefficient. Things need to be tightened up. I need I need better decision making guidelines so I know what to sell. And and I need, I need clarity. And, oh, by the way, if you're going to make decisions, please make decisions that make it easy for me to sell. So what I found is that most, most companies, lean heavily towards either a sales culture or kind of an operations culture. And by that, I mean, are we focused? Are we focused on making it easier, to making our delivery easier, or are we focused on making sales easier? And those are two very fundamentally different, different cultures for you to have a successful sales culture with a strong salesperson, they are going to push you for clarity. They are going to look for ways to sell more efficiently. They are going to look for, look to eliminate extra steps that that aren't necessary and it requires, it requires a complimentary skill set to be able to look at at operations and say, All right, like again, here's another, here's another. Great example. Salesperson is trying to sell something. There's a part of the process that needs to be subcontracted. The subcontractor has a pricing sheet. But every time anything gets bid, the subcontract, contractor comes back with a different price, and it makes it first of all, it's a it's a horrible trust destroying process to go tell a customer, here's the price, here's what you're going to pay, and then the contractor comes back and says, no, no, I'm not going to honor that price, like there's the actual price. And so you have to go back to the customer and say, Look, we failed, like, we gave you the wrong price. Now what really needs to happen in that kind of a case, so that can feel like, man, like, I wish the salesperson would just go with the flow, be a little more forgiving, and just like, why is it such a big deal? And it's a perfect example of a place where a great salesperson is pushing. On operational issues, and what needs to happen in that case is go to the contractor and figure out some kind of pricing model that that they are willing to agree to they're happy with that you can give an accurate price every single time. And if they're not willing to do this, then go see if there's another, another subcontractor that you can find who can, who's actually willing to do that, and is willing to honor that, and does great work, and then go use that guy instead. So that's a those are some practical examples. There's other areas too. SOPs versus reality. The instructions are to do this, but really what happens is that a huge one that I've devoted way more time than I can devote to this. Devote to it. Here is software that is misaligned with the business itself. So if the business were to run, if the people within the business were to do the thing that they would most naturally do, what should happen is the information should flow in this direction, this should happen, then that should happen, then the other thing should happen. But because we're using a certain set of software, NetSuite, or fill in whatever, this type of software, or certain CRM, it doesn't support this type of process. Therefore we have to go through some kind of weird, convoluted step and try to conform our business into software, and that's a major point of friction, and there's varying degrees of how to fix it again without without getting to the weeds. Sometimes you can just augment some of those software solutions, build some tools around them and make it easier. We have actually helped clients build full on custom end to end ERPs to to to avoid that not recommended for 99% of businesses, but for the 1% it's the right thing to do. And then, Terry, like you mentioned at the beginning, there's the the tech stack issue. Well, we have, we have the CRM over here, and then we have order management software over here, and we have inventory management software over here, and then there's the Excel spreadsheet, and then there's the Google Calendar, and everything is be entered about six times, and it sometimes gets, gets lost, and then somebody changes it here and forgets to change it over there, and it's an absolute convoluted mess. And going back to the salesperson, salesperson gets interrupted, hey, do you know operations is, you know something's in fulfillment, with fulfillment or manufacturing of some kind. And people are going back to the salesperson and says, Hey, salesperson, such and such got lost. Do you remember what the customer said about X, Y or Z? And again, leads to great frustration from the sales perspective, because what they're looking to do, they're hunting, they're going for the next deal, and it's really an operational issue that needs to be resolved, and it really doesn't need to come back to them. The last part of this is whole brain leadership, which is something that I this has become, again, a pretty deep core value of mine. There's a there's a fascinating, I'm gonna get the word wrong. It's, it's Herman, Herman Briggs brain model. It's one of many personality assessments, and that's another whole thing to go down, but it introduces a very fascinating perspective between four quadrants of the brain, rational and and instinctive and intellectual and intuitive. And it's, it's basically the, you know, the frontal and the limbic type of type of thinking and left brain, right brain type of thinking. One of the fascinating things that I find is that a CEOs are 20 times more likely to be multi dominant across multi quadrants. And so, in other words, CEOs and the CEOs, who aren't often have very close assistants or associates who have complimentary communication styles or thinking styles to them. And so here's, here's basically what it plays out in real life. You've got, you've got an individual who's a whole brain thinker, and they're sitting down, they're having this conversation and and the CFO comes in with a with a very specific way of thinking. Sales Manager comes in with a very specific with a very specific way of thinking. The a an accountant comes in. The a legal team member, Risk and Compliance person comes in with a very specific way of thinking. The CEO sits down and has one kind of conversation with each specific person and is able to translate into that person's style of thinking and communication, and you're sitting on the periphery. And if you don't share this whole brain to thinking, you're listening to conversation one, and you're like, that makes sense. And conversation two is like, I don't understand a word that he's saying, and it doesn't make sense why he's communicating it like that, or how he's communicating it. And conversation three is, I get parts of it, but not all of it. And I think that one of the I'm I'm not, I'm not in a position to say how much of this is nature and how much is nurture, but I believe that the best leadership comes from people who are able to communicate in to think and communicate in a whole brain way. It's. Integrating logic and emotion. It's it's IQ and EQ, but it's also, it's also, it's also the cognitive thought and kind of the instinctive, instinctive thought as well. And so when I'm looking at friction points and internal alignment, I'm looking for places where there are the rational thinkers are at odds with emotional processors. Again, you see this with sales and accounting as an example. The experimental folks are at odds with the proven. Don't rock the boat people and and often, when these things are at odds, it's because there isn't a good person in place who can effectively translate and mediate between these, between these roles, and get and translate from one language to the other language, so that they can actually understand each other and actually get on the same page And and keep moving along. All right. Last piece we're gonna have to go quickly, but personal alignment, one of my mentors, has a saying that he says offends some people, but he holds to it. He says that the Enneagram is your personal brand of narcissism. And effectively, what he's saying is that we all have methods of self protection, and that the Enneagram, whatever Enneagram you are, is your preferred way of self protecting.

Matthias Miller  46:31
One of the things, one of the kind of reactionary elements that I developed out of my upbringing, was a drive for uniqueness. You've got a high pressure to conform and so and a natural response to to to finding a way to find acceptance, can be extreme conformity, or, in my case, I opted for driving for uniqueness. And this, this actually has consistently, this is one of the ways that has, this has been one of the areas of self sabotage for me, because I've resisted things that are standard, ordinary working kind of, kind of, you know, boring, normal. There's an interesting, there's, there's an interesting, nuanced perspective on this, which, which is this, that I think that there's a trauma talent connection. And maybe trauma is too strong. Maybe it's just head trash talent connection. But most of our limiting patterns translate into business strengths, and you have to if you have head trash in a certain area, usually there is a hyper talent that you've developed as a coping mechanism for the head trash. But there's also a negative element that that needs to be dealt with. And, and

Speaker 1  47:51
trauma is too strong a word. I think, I think trauma is where, uh, what causes a lot of us to develop our super powers, like, I just, I was talking to Megan Macedo about this the other day, and she said there was, there was some study of, like, super performing athletes, like Olympic gold medalist and stuff, and they all had a trauma streak in their background. So back to you,

Matthias Miller  48:21
yep. So for me, this is, this is probably a little vulnerable to put out there, but we all experience this stuff. In my upbringing, I experienced a lot of isolation and loneliness. One of the some of the feedback that I've gotten from other people is that I'm really good at building community, and I'm really community, and I'm really good at making people feel included, and so I have to deal with the isolation and loneliness so that I don't take that into into business, into my way of operating and and all the negative patterns that come with that. But at the same time, I because of that, I had to be super intentional about figuring out how to find good friends, how to be a good friend, how to build community. Unworthiness, the sense of unworthiness. I'm never good enough, never good enough, never good enough. Well, okay, that's a really it's a really unhealthy driver, but I can tell you that there's a lot of competencies that I developed because I constantly felt like I wasn't good enough, and I was always pushing, always pushing, always pushing. What's the next thing? What's the next thing? What's the next thing? I don't actually believe it's the most productive way to gain high value skills, but there are high value skills that I've learned, and if I don't separate the sense of unworthiness from the high value skills that I've that I've learned, and in particular around tech, is probably, again, candidly, where I've experienced this, then I will self sabotage, and I won't use my high value skills, because I'm still going to associate with it with unworthiness, high sensitivity. I used to be terrified as a kid to be called a crybaby because I was, I was very emotional and emotionally sensitive. Right? And I saw one of my peers get called a crybaby, and I was scared this was gonna happen to me and, and, but, but that that Empath side, that sensitivity side, has given me an ability to read people and to adapt, and it's actually one of the skills that I use, whether it's it's more on the consulting side within businesses, or whether it's building tech solutions, that's one of my superpowers to understand. I can tell viscerally whether somebody is where the misalignment is within within tech and within the person, or with in different levels, because I've gone so deep in the levels of high sensitivity. So if you know your Enneagram little tool, go throw it into chat GPT and have a conversation with it. And I recently used this after I came out of a client call, and I was like, that really hit me wrong, and I had a conversation with chat GPT around Enneagram coping mechanisms, and had a very fascinating conversation. We could go deep on that personal alignment. Again, high performance in terms of personal alignment, there's, there's four layers to this. At the basic level, there's a motivation of wanting to do something. There's connection which Colby touches on. There's the cognition, the capability and the capacity. And then there's the inspiration, which is, which is, kind of the flow state that Perry you've been talking about, and the more that we can create alignment with with with our want to, with our will, to with our abilities and our cognitive abilities, and with flow, the more we can create alignment with that personally, the it's kind of a a productivity superpower. And less, less of all humans are fractal, knowing that you have a rational and emotional part, and diving into those parts as you're making decisions can be tremendously useful. And we're that's part of creating personal alignment, and we're not going to go deeper into that. So how do I tie all of these things together? I have a very simple, very simple four step process that I do, 360 degree discovery. Stick my head in the business, look around 360 degrees. Assess everything. There is always something, an 8020, opportunity that bubbles up to the surface. Not a surprise, my conviction is that it's best to double down on stop doing the low impact, low ease activities. Double down on the high impact, high use activities. And generally, if you continue doing that, the other quadrants will take care of themselves. So look around, find the 8020 opportunity. Josh line talks about this in constant in the concept of bottlenecks. There's any, any type of ways to look at it, but, but at any given point, there's, there's an 8020, opportunity that you can if you focus on and pull the lever hard, you can create a substantial amount of growth. And then there's distraction free execution. I just straight up think staying focused getting things done is a huge thing. And then finally, putting kind of the autopilot and autocorrect mechanism in place, cadences, with sales teams making sure that that cadence is with with operations, making sure that operations is on target, and operations and productions. Perry, you've you taught me a bit about the financial heartbeat ceremony, and I have my own version of that. And it only takes about little over about an hour and a half every every month, adding up all my weekly calls to eliminate all kinds of bad surprises, and so those simple little cadences to keep things flowing smoothly. Once you've once you've made this change, after you go through this cycle, it's great to step back. Do another three, 360 degree. Look where we at where's the big opportunity? Where do we pull the lever hard? How do we create space for it to happen? How do we make sure that that train continues running on that track and then rinse and repeat? So here's here's what we want to offer you. There's two things. One way too much to cover here. I probably tried to cover too much already. I'm putting this together in a frictionless teams book. We have the proof out to out to readers. I'm happy to send you a PDF in the next two weeks, as soon as that's ready. And I'm also happy to send you a hard, hard copy within, I think within a month, whenever that is. I also love doing walk and talk calls. Throw on my headphones and go on a walk around the neighborhood and have conversations. And I've got room for I've got a crazy schedule the next month or so, but I've got room for about seven of these. And so if you would like to talk through things, especially with your team or other areas, I'm happy to offer this. It's it's for your benefit. It's also selfish. It's part of my creative inspiration and and certainly, if it makes sense to work together more, we can explore that, but either way, and you can email m@codehouse.com with frictionless teams in the subject line and happy to share. Or any of that with you. So period back to you,

Speaker 1  55:04
let's take a couple of questions and comments. There's a little bit of chat going on about many of us who turned bad situations into superpowers. There's several examples of that. I'm trying to see if there was a question that I might have missed. Oh, I think I don't know if he's joking or not. Mark said is sharing my Myers, Briggs, with my team, a form of narcissism.

Matthias Miller  55:51
Run with, well, I can't run with that without all kinds of interesting things around personality. And I think, I think there's this weird blend between

Matthias Miller  56:08
personalities. Are good as descriptive. As descriptive elements. They're really, I think poor as prescriptive elements. Here's what I like about contributing that with or sharing. Here's what I like about the concept, I think sharing who you are with your team, what works well for you. My team knows that I'm a verbal processor. I do much better on phone calls than I do with with extended written communication. So it's either, it's either chat or or call. And so I'm a huge fan of of matching communication style to what works for you, because I think that varies from person to person. I think there's a lot of insights from from these types of things that are really useful. And I also think that sometimes personality types can be really wrong. And I've I have, my background is from a comes from a place of a very strong group identity, where group identity substantially terms individual identity. And one of the biggest challenges for myself has been establishing individual identity and discerning which parts of my apparent personality are actually really who I am, and how much of this is just something that I've picked up along the way. So I don't know if that answers your question, but that's a little bit my perspective

Speaker 1  57:37
on on that. How have you found most useful to stretch? You talked about the like the intuitive and the emotional stuff on one hand and the logical and the structural stuff on the other hand, what's been the best way for you to exercise both muscles and bring them together. What do you do to get better at both of those? Like you talked about, CEO need to be translating between lots of different kind of people.

Matthias Miller  58:13
So I've found that the more that I My biggest challenge, you can't be in tech without being hyper rational. And my biggest challenge really came down to suppressing and containing all kinds of emotion. And what I didn't realize was that it well, it clogged up all kinds of things. It clogged up my my cognitive thinking. One of the best things for me has been learning to express and process emotion and and as I do that, there's a there's a clarity of cognitive thought. So that's been one thing that's been useful for me. It's, I also think sometimes I think it's a little bit like a microprocessor. And I don't know this is completely the right, the right perspective, but it's a little bit between when you have 222 programs running on your computer, and you have one processor doing the job. What it's really doing is it's jumping back and forth and integrating the two. Really comes down to your agility, to jump over to the empath side when it or the the emotional side when it's needed, and jumping back to the logic side when it's needed. And and for those, and for if we're there, to be an interplay of conversation within your head. So I I don't know that. I've got great answers for things that I've done besides just continuing, continuing to develop an awareness of when there's a conflict. Okay, here, I mean, here's a great example. I have a software vendor. Uhm, they made something that, in my mind, is a gregarious error, and I think they should fix it. And there's two reactions to it. One's an emotional reaction, you guys really need to own up to your stuff and do it. I don't like you guys being completely candid and but then there's also the logical part of it, which is there actually were unclear expectations that need to be defined and played out. And so being able to look at a particular issue and look at it from the emotional side of of what like, first of all, recognizing I am upset at these people, and then also being able to jump over to the rational side and troubleshoot where it went sideways, and I think it's just a matter of giving both sides of the brain the freedom to express that

Speaker 1  1:00:50
matthiasas has been great. Thank you very much. And could you go back to your contact page where you are offering a walk and talk? I hope people I know, I've got a number of roundtable members that have taken Matthias up on his walk and talk, and he's offering a few slots for those. So you guys get in touch with Matthias, and this has been great. Thank you, sir. Yes, Thanks, Greg. Appreciate your time today. Everybody see you on the Renaissance club Colin office hours on April 16 and in the forum. And thank you. Matthias.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai