Matthias Miller  01:31
Good bye. Hey, I'm well how are you doing?

Speaker 1  01:36
I'm doing good. I got a message from say that maybe a couple minutes behind on a call with a client right now shortly we're freezing up here man like 10 degrees that's better. Yes, better. Hi, Michael. How are you this morning?

Unknown Speaker  02:05
Hey, good morning. Doing well this morning. Good, good. Congratulations on the sale last night.

Speaker 1  02:16
It was a good one. How to the customers just gotta pick the color. She's got to pick the color of the shed and she's in the favor of cannabis. She kept calling it this natural tone. She wanted like brown or green or something. So being her husband are real sweet couple, they've been taking my information chatting together getting back to me, like this month long. So nowadays, pick the color. Sure,

Speaker 2  02:50
and I got your message about sending out some samples and I can do that. Absolutely. Okay, like this. Araya and also another Alan Hall is looking for the same, like Brown family as well or something different?

Speaker 1  03:07
Yeah, the Brown family as well for Alan. Alan sent me a picture of the brick along with houses brick, and he wanted to partake of color that would go with the bricks. And honestly, I just told him, I'm like, you'll be the best edge of that more than me man. Like, you know, your house, you can look at it and say, Yeah, I like the way this one goes with my bricks, because it's not gonna be an identical match. Allen, Michael also has paperwork from DocuSign that's been delivered to him. And he and I had the conversation last night about you need to sign them to save your 10% off discount. So I'm giving him through the end of today. But John Hancock on that. If he puts 10% off, because he's been a little bit of a I don't know how to describe it. He he's been a tough sell, just because you've got a couple of hurdles in his way. You've got to take out part of it to get the building in. And so we were talking about, well, we could have a team come out to build on site maybe and be like, no, no, no, I don't want to go that way. So he, what really helped them was telling him like, Hey, you got 10% off now, and that you're that savings that you're getting is about what you would be spending to have somebody come out and remove this piece of bent for you and replace it.

Unknown Speaker  04:35
And so I think it's helping him move forward. So hopefully he signs that by the end of the day.

Speaker 1  04:46
I know he viewed it. He looks through the contract because it alerts me when he views it in Docusign. Refreshing,

Speaker 2  04:57
awesome, and you can assure him I'll be sending out soon. samples for him. colors and everything, it might be a good point of reason to connect with them.

Unknown Speaker  05:08
Yeah, for sure. Well, thank you for doing that I appreciate it

Speaker 1  05:21
had two other leads, I thought we're going to close with it to do one thing with Ben, we actually completed a sale for him for four by 24. And then he backed out of that sales to go with a larger group building maybe never completely confirmed the larger buildings design. And I think this can, the issue is, he is having difficulty. I think he put the cart before the horse is moving into a new house. And I don't think he's closed on it yet, I think they found some stuff during the inspection that are doing is delaying the purchase of his new home and property. So I think he's a customer of ours in the future. But the timing is not aligning with this new home purchase. They just didn't stay in touch with him, you know, placing a few calls.

Speaker 1  06:24
really have any other questions or feedback this morning, it's been an interesting to it was very interesting, I noticed like alerts piling up very interested leads, and then a good chunk of them fell off without like very good explanation. And then there's the view that I know why they're delaying either with home closures permitting, or you know, they have to take down trees or they have to do something before that building comes. And then there's only been a couple that have actually signed and finished the deal of Sariah finished the deal. And Frank was the guy with the giant Airbnb cottage, he didn't finish the deal on time, but we got him all the way to the point of signature for design work and the pricing. So he will we'll come back around to that and assure in a couple of weeks. So it's just an interesting experience working with folks on the, you know, with the promotional emails and the deals that were going out there and generating those conversations and how it's kind of got them so far. And then for some people, they just completely were a part No, at the very, very end. Yeah, I think I talked to like four people yesterday, where it was just a very quick note, sorry, not going to pull the trigger on it. So we're trying to learn from that experience and better judge who those folks are going to be? Maybe, I don't know, it was it was different wasn't what I was expecting.

Speaker 2  07:59
We'll see that will that would align with you know, typically the typical January, February, it has always been more difficult to try to get people across that line in this time of the year. So I don't think I would get too discouraged about it. I think that good change may be here in the next couple of months here when we roll into tax season, hopefully. So don't look at it as like something that's strange for this time of the year. So any sales made in January and February I count as a big one.

Speaker 1  08:40
Let's get to there, Michael, because it's been, you know, trying to set expectations for what the trends are in the market, you know, metrics of incoming leads versus closures. It's tough not having a track record in this industry. So you guys sharing a lot more about when peak seasons are and when low seasons are has been helpful. Just to kind of validate like, are we taking the correct action? Are we asking the right questions? Are we setting people up to succeed in this online world? So I appreciate all that, you know, encouragement as well as you know, the corrective tax as well.

Matthias Miller  09:22
So kind of segwaying in that. I sent an older version of this report to to Mike, but I put together a reverse sales curve. So one of the things that we've gotten Assist is one of the things that we've done in the past is we've said let's look at, let's look at average sale per week. Let's do a rolling average of five weeks to take out the peaks and valleys. And then we can prorate to say you know what's January, what are your January if you're going to try to sell a million dollars a year, how much you have to sell in January, proportionate to market demand. And, and so I did this for going backwards. This is a cumulative, cumulative total. So for this week, having closed 15 and a half k, with with the adjusted goal, the adjusted goal in January is 10k. So we're at 155%. If we include the last two weeks cumulative goal is 20, just shy of 20k. We've sold as a team, cumulative sold 29 and a half, puts us at 148. And then here's the interesting thing. If you look at the cumulative sales and cumulative cumulative goals from the week of the 27th. And we are admittedly going into the slow part of the year, but we've been on track with that million dollar a year goal since November 27. And it's not surprising here. You know, mercy you had one week before, of selling before Tori came on, but you guys had some time to fill your needed some time to fill your pipeline. And I think there's also product familiarity and other things that were likely likely happening at the same time. The goals did start dropping as sales team, you know, dropped off, but this is I think, something that I'd like to start reviewing on a on a weekly basis. Just giving us a picture of where we're at where we're at.

Speaker 1  11:31
You break down this column for me, and this is as far as the difference between if this online team owning business incurs?

Matthias Miller  11:41
No, this is just the Online team at this point. Okay, so we could be 29 Could the the weekly goal, you know, the prorated goal for the week of the 29th is 9986. And that's holds true for January, typically do not expect to see sales, I mean, we've just reduced the these to zero, because these weeks can be so slow. And this curve is based off of brick and mortar locations. So I think we do have an advantage, as we've talked discussed. And then December 28, the week of the eighth 24k, week of the lab, the allowance 28k. And then the cumulative goal is just saying, What's your goal for this week? What's the goal for the last two weeks last three weeks last four weeks? 567? These are actual sales. And then how much do we sell this week? How much do we sell the past two weeks, three weeks, four weeks? And then what is our what is our cumulative sales versus our cumulative goal? And that's a percentage right here. 170 4%?

Speaker 1  13:03
I guess what I don't understand is like the cumulative decreases over time.

Matthias Miller  13:11
The decrease? Well, sure. The cumulative percentage decreases over time.

Speaker 1  13:20
I know like I understand the weekly goals, this is what we should be closing and sales. Think I understand the cumulative goal. I don't understand how it correlates to the annual goal for sale.

Matthias Miller  13:36
Yeah, let me see if I can find let me pull up a sales curve in this might. So probably help a little bit.

Matthias Miller  13:56
Okay, so our combined goal for the Online team, each of you selling a million. And within these the goal, the weekly goal is distributed based on the busy time of year. So you'll see here up until this is about March when it kicks in that there's April and then come May there's a peak in may drop off a little bit. I'm not sure if this is you know, August September. Yes, yeah. And then November still pretty strong, but then December starts tapering off. So what we've done is let's take a look at on average, how much do we sell and, and we've adjusted it a little bit to take out kind of the sporadic spikes that and kind of normalized it so that so that If your weekly goal matches what we expect the market to do, based on historic trends, based on time of year does that. Does that answer your question?

Speaker 1  15:12
Yeah, it does. It looks, it looks quite different in this format, because it's looking at least one of the year through the end of the year, I think, because they're looking at it backwards accounting information from the end of last year, that was probably throwing me off, but the way the numbers are stacked. Okay, thank you for showing that. That makes a lot more.

Unknown Speaker  15:31
Is there somewhere we can go to view this Matthias?

Matthias Miller  15:35
I can give you guys a way to see to view this. Absolutely.

Speaker 1  15:39
Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love to download that. And just like you're saying, reviewing that on a consistent basis would be helpful. Yep. Sure.

Matthias Miller  15:55
So the other thing I'd be interested in hearing about a little bit more discussion on if you guys have sales related questions. I'm happy to entertain them. I've got a discussion point as well, if you guys.

Matthias Miller  16:11
So we talked about and uses for the for the January promo, rather than doing a two to deadline. From Well, we did a single deadline promo. And we ended up with people at the end of the month, who were bumping up the deadline because of permitting. And I'm I'm curious to hear your feedback from you know, having gone through the January single deadline promo versus previous dual deadline promo, how, what you guys's thoughts are on the two approaches?

Unknown Speaker  16:49
Can you explain more on the dual Dateline promo?

Matthias Miller  16:53
So earlier, we said you had to get a quote by something like the 15th. And then you have to close by the end of month to get your to get get the promotion. And then this time around, we just said, Hey, you gotta close by end of month.

Speaker 1  17:12
Yeah, I don't think people understood that there was a dual deadline in the first scenario back in November, I don't think they were like, aware that the deadline was set for their quote to be in place, they were just kind of proceeding with the knowledge that they needed to make a final decision. By the end of the month, we knew that that deadline was there. And it just kind of naturally fell into place because of the timing of conversing with people. But I don't, I don't think it was heavily. It didn't need to be heavily stressed. And we never had somebody jump on like two days before the end of the month, and all of a sudden want to quote and to become a part of the deal. Same scenario here in January, none of the leads that I have been working on in the past two weeks. So the latter half of the month, have actually been a part of the serious conversations that would lead people to have a sale, they've just been general inquiries, or not interested at this point. So all those solid leads that kind of load through the month, their only deadline in their mind was the end of the month not being quoted halfway through the month. And some of them did come on, and be quoted halfway through the month, I knew I have a couple guys that reached out after the 15th of January. But that didn't disqualify them from the end of the month discount really didn't make a big deal about that, you know, he turned around and got him a quote within the same day. And then it's like, what's the difference? 30 are in the pipeline. So to me, it wasn't as beneficial from a communication standpoint, to emphasize that there are two different deadlines, it was easier to communicate to people, the end of the month, is your cut off as simple as flexible regardless of when they got quoted within the pipeline, if that makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  19:06
Yeah, I would say that holds true for sure.

Matthias Miller  19:11
And then, but then effectively, we still open up the possibility of a second deadline. So really what we're changing is what we're communicating to people here is the deadline and communicating it in a way that is Integritas. But still in our back pocket, we have a second deadline that we can pull out for permitting purposes to help them get across the finish line.

Speaker 1  19:36
And it's not a kid just kind of continuing with that train of thought Messiah set back pocket. Extending one more week is only for the people that we have, like, communicated with or quoted. We've been working with them like we know the scenario. It wouldn't be I don't think for the general inquiries that came in like have one last shot? I don't think that's the heart behind that. I think it's really to help the people that are just very close to. They're just struggling with the logistics.

Unknown Speaker  20:12
Yep, makes sense.

Speaker 1  20:16
Only you did something interesting. I mean, then you did like an email blast to folks that you had been in touch with. Tell me about that. I thought that was really interesting. And I didn't know if there'd be a way to not necessarily through Active Campaign. But perhaps if we run something like this again, and we do have aces that we know are very, very close to sending them that reminder, like, Hey, if you're on the fence, or you have a challenge in front of you, with your HOA or permitting, we're willing to work with you for an additional X amount of time. That that would be a good solution. In this type of promo in the future, how did that work? Well, for you.

Speaker 3  20:58
So with the email blasts, it was more so people that I had been communicating with that, you know, I was trying to get to close, of course, not people that I hadn't spoken with yet. So it's like a couple more days left in a promo, did you want to take advantage of this? You know, go ahead and close. Yeah, I wasn't trying to be super. I wasn't trying to pressure them a lot on it. But I understand that you're not ready to close. But, you know, you can take advantage of this and you know, save a pretty decent amount of money on your shit. And I don't know how successful that was. It was one guy that ended up calling me a couple minutes later. But that's how they ended up closing. So okay. Yeah, not too sure. Okay.

Speaker 1  21:43
I was just gonna say what I liked about it from a client relationship standpoint was that it just, it provided a very personal, wide open communication channel for people to reach back out to you. And I definitely did, I did not do that. And I felt like if I had, I may have had more people, perhaps reach back out and pick up the phone quicker. And it was I felt it was more efficient, because you put everyone in a mass email was kind of general language, instead of individually meaning email. And people were just what I did the opposite. I did the individual emailing with people with some general language, but I don't know, I just thought was, that was an interesting way to approach it to make sure that they were aware of the deadline.

Speaker 3  22:30
To clarify that Marissa, I did send out individual emails. So sorry, if the word blasts confusion, no, but I just I sent out a ton of individual emails to those, you know, so like group of people. But that wouldn't be a smart approach to do a blast. You know, coming from our personal email.

Speaker 1  22:49
Right, as long as they were blind safety, and they wouldn't see each other's email. I think that would be an interesting way to wrap that up for somebody. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  22:59
Google does have a way to, they have a new feature now that allows you to send a single email to multiple people as if they were each getting it individually. I have not used it, probably around with it. But that could be an option.

Speaker 1  23:23
I just a little bit of feedback. When irritated training. One thing that stuck out to me was this question about are you ready to place your order today, which was one of his more like clarifying questions. And I have found it actually really helpful. It's been Eric kind of alluded to this where, you know, after, you know, 40 phone calls in one day, your your emotions are pretty tired after talking with that many people. Even just leaving a voicemail, right, like, it's just a lot of communication in a day. It's been really helpful. It's not always good news. Because sometimes people are very straightforward and saying no, but it does, at least for me, it's been really helping me clarify my pipeline, because I was and then still am. In a position of not, I'm back up because I wasn't clarifying my pipeline from the get go early on back in October in November when leads are coming in, but still been doing work in calling me folks and clarifying their interest and not, you know, making sure I'm doing enough outreaches that it's appropriate, like five to six. And then Eric would say like go one more. One more that pushes you out of your comfort zone. So that question has cut out some people, but it's been beneficial because it's clarified the interest of those folks, and it's allowed me to remove them. So that energy can be directed towards those that are qualified leads. So I just wanted to share that because that was a new approach that I had not done up until the point when he kind of talked about that in the training months. Every beginning of January, it feels very blunt. But it's actually really good because I feel like it gives people an exit. So they're not just lazy. Yeah, we're talking a couple weeks, it's like they actually have an opportunity to say, I'm actually not going to proceed with this. Or I am interested, please call me in three days. It just helped open the dialogue of what their timeframe really was. So sorry, I don't know what your feedback is on that one, if you've tried that or not, if it's helped you, but that was the first term that really pushed that as hard as they have.

Speaker 3  25:36
How did you work the question specifically? Marissa, I think I missed that part.

Speaker 1  25:41
I've been reading it on are you what, what is your timeframe on purchasing a building? Do you want to place your order today?

Speaker 3  25:48
Okay, okay. I have not either or. Gotcha. I have not used that question. But I have used the question that Eric mentioned of have you given up on this project? And I have seen a few people respond like, Yes, I'm not interested anymore, or no. Thank you, like, I'm pushing this back until next month, or I'll be following up with you in a couple of weeks. So I have seen that question to get responses, which is good. And like, you know, getting rid of people or setting out follow ups, you know, a little further out to when they're ready. Right? They've been a little time.

Speaker 1  26:24
Okay, I'm gonna read that person. Don't do that. Which I think is very important questions. I feel like in the winter, the timing questions, because I think people are thinking about the spring and they're like, they're researching. They're just doing a ton of research.

Speaker 3  26:40
Yeah. Absolutely. It does seem like both of our questions are kind of getting similar responses, either. You know, they're not interested anymore, or they want to push it out until a certain timeframe.

Unknown Speaker  26:59
Right. Probably I'm

Unknown Speaker  27:01
gonna try your method as well. Would you say

Speaker 1  27:05
they're probably waiting for their tactic or two? found there? Yeah.

Matthias Miller  27:14
That's actually a great great thing we should squirrel away for, you know, towards the end of March. Is a tax promo. kind of beat the taxman or I don't know what the right thing is, but we've got a lot of people to be great, you know, last year

Speaker 3  27:35
Great. Oh, no, I was just gonna say the reason I was late to the call was because I was on the phone with the guy that just got back from his permitting office, in Chesterfield, Virginia. And he was saying he wanted to downsize his building so we didn't have to worry about a permit. But he still has to get an electrical permit. Or he said the electrician has to go get the permit. So he wanted me to hold his price for about a week. And he wants to see how much it'll be for someone to come out and wire it. So he wants to get that straightened out first to see the price on that before he you know goes force with goes forth with their purchase. And I know we didn't talk about that yesterday, you know, quoted a price for the customer to go ahead and straighten out what they need to straighten out as far as the permitting so just wanted to make you aware if there is a sale that comes in in about a week with a small discount, I applied like 5% to his to his quote

Matthias Miller  28:44
good I'm gonna have to drop at the top of the hour here and get another call scheduled.

Unknown Speaker  28:54
Have any more discussion items to the morning anyone else?

Speaker 3  28:59
I do have one thing to say. I'll say real quick about Clifton Durham. So Matthias I know you're out but this is a customer that got his RTO rejected by cricket Valley. So he has a 12 by 36 building and cricket Valley thought that he lived in a trailer park due to the address. So I did follow up with a customer and he said he does not live in a trailer park does a trailer park behind his home and he sent clear pictures of his house. The land he wants to put the shed on and the trailer park is very clear. I did send that over to Leanne and she said we can try to submit it to the RTL company but it's not a guarantee that they'll go back and review the contract. So I did see if the customer wanted to do the financing. So we actually applied for both. We apply for backyard in green sky he was rejected for both Lee and also did mention that the owner is out for a week With the RTL company, so we may not hear back from him until next Monday, the customer was pretty antsy about it. He was like, I don't live in a trailer park. And, you know, another concern was raised that he has a porch on his building. So I guess the company just thinks he's gonna live in it for sure. So, Michael, I know that we kind of put a freeze on that. We may have to go ahead and just cancel it unless there's anything else we can do. The customer did offer to put a down payment if that makes the RTO company feel more comfortable, but not too sure. We can say this one here. And I know we've had a lot of conversations about RTL and we're trying to figure out a different route. But yeah, unfortunate situation.

Speaker 2  30:50
Trading there. Send me the pictures. Okay. On that along with the invoice and I'll see if I can make any progress on that at all. Okay, the customer is saying what they would be willing to do a down payment a down payment or two down payments, or what are they willing to do?

Speaker 3  31:13
So they're actually willing to do three so they'll put down 2400 on the ship. Wow. Wow.

Speaker 2  31:25
Send that my way. I think I can do something with that one. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  31:31
Thanks. Thank you.

Speaker 1  31:35
Michael. Along those same lines, I did let Leanne know in a message on Discord about Ernestine Oliver Smith, who has the RTO contract that was rejected because it was viewed as a living space. And I explained to her first story itself, she's not living in it is going in the backyard of her daughter's residence because she lives with her daughter and she wants to entertain her friends outside of her daughter's house. Essentially. Leanne said she would kind of she's collected that story. And I don't know if he will get with you or if he will go independently back to cricket valley with that information during the scene is also similar to tourists client willing to put payments upfront prior to the delivery day, like up to four months worth of payments in advance. If that could be accomplished that could be accepted. Because it is not intended to be a resident, even though it's a card, it's not gonna be slept in or, you know, use this as a primary home.

Unknown Speaker  32:43
Okay, let's see how this goes from this one. Within information, I'll work on this one.

Speaker 1  32:51
Okay, and we do have a very long tutorial plant would take precedent in this conversation to stories client is looking for their building now. My client Ernestine, we can postpone that conversation probably for even several months if we need to, because it's not until the end of the summer season

Unknown Speaker  33:10
that this will take place. Yeah, that makes sense.

Speaker 1  33:14
Yeah, I would put priority for your client if we're going to bat for an exception right now.

Unknown Speaker  33:20
Good. Let's do that.

Unknown Speaker  33:22
Okay, good.

Speaker 2  33:26
All righty. Well, good. It's been good to talk this morning. Session progress and watch for some pictures from you Tori. Okay, I'll send out within the next 10 minutes. I have a great one. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai