Speaker 1  00:51
Hutchinson? Yeah. I grew up Wichita. No, I lived in St. Mennonite, my wife and I lived in St. Without growing it to be here for eight weeks working in construction. Okay. We're gonna go a different man like Churchill said go into one. Anyway, that's that's where I'm at. That's interesting. That's fascinating. Yeah. We have something in common other than that, Lord Jesus. Absolutely. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  01:22
It's number one. Steve. Nice to meet you, Steve. So we greet guests with

Speaker 1  01:26
just small superintendents, small schools. Okay. We're going to have reached through the BOCES board cooperative education system, vocational. Just get this. Yeah. Cool. Awesome. Okay. Thanks.

Matthias Miller  01:50
All right.

Unknown Speaker  01:51
Good afternoon. Let me make sure that little Hello. Gave him Hello.

Unknown Speaker  02:04
This is Mike. Alan.

Matthias Miller  02:09
Calvin gave Hey, Mike. Sorry, I had, we're doing it. We're the office space and it got dropped by and said, Hey, I grew up in Wichita, Kansas and Heston for a while and

Unknown Speaker  02:23
dropped in for a few minutes.

Matthias Miller  02:26
Here I am. Alright, and Micah was out of the office until just now and I just got your email. So that sounds good. So yeah, as far as I guess, as far as jumping into getting started, do you guys want to start about? Start talking about next steps for for Indiana where you guys want to? You guys want to go?

Speaker 2  03:00
Sir, from my perspective, I think that would be a great step to take. Gabe, you got a you got some particularly you want to talk about?

Unknown Speaker  03:10
I don't think so. Good. I would

Speaker 2  03:15
say yes. Unless you have some things that are on your list, Matthias that we should do first? No, I

Matthias Miller  03:23
think this is a good place to start. I certainly have other things I want to cover. But this is a great place to start. I think the number one thing that we need is a list of zip codes, and

Matthias Miller  03:46
a list of zip codes. On the marketing side, we need a list of zip codes and then we need to know are you guys planning to feed any of these leads on to Victoria and Marissa? Or what's your plan with that?

Unknown Speaker  04:07
Calvin,

Unknown Speaker  04:08
do you have

Speaker 2  04:13
a permanent penis opinion and Matt and we spoke about this the other day some of how we are doing it in North Carolina. How do you want to handle that? Do you want to handle it? Similarly,

Unknown Speaker  04:24
were you a little local

Speaker 2  04:29
surroundings to your bots threats to the Online team or something different? Do you have an opinion there?

Speaker 3  04:38
We didn't spend a lot of time talking about it. The only thing that Wayne's really concerned about is just making sure he's not starving his brick and mortar. But I think we had thought to kind of follow the plan that you had put in place and then obviously you're going to make change doesn't work on me. If it doesn't seem to be worth watch, you have, I think is where we'll start.

Speaker 2  05:11
Okay. So that would mean finding zip codes, Matthias, like we did in North Carolina, a rough surrounding 10 miles of zip codes, there'll be a jagged edge. And driving those leads in those zip codes into brick and mortar. So what how many brick and mortar Do you have? Or which ones do you want to drive those to Kelvin? Or not Kelvin?

Unknown Speaker  05:45
Kelvin? We have to,

Speaker 3  05:48
but with the, the Plymouth location and the Laporte location? Okay,

Speaker 2  05:57
so what do you need? What do you need Matthias? You just need in both of those as an email, email address, is that right? Calvin? Yes, they do. And both of those do not have a computer. Is that right? Actually, they

Unknown Speaker  06:19
both do. They do have.

Speaker 2  06:21
But they're not in the assist portal. So Matthias, the best way at this point would be to drive those through an email, is that right? Oh, goodness, leads coming in. Kelvin, the current leads coming in? Are they coming into the CRM? Or is he coming in as an email?

Speaker 3  06:50
I believe they're coming in as and so the one dealer has access to the assists dealer portal and the other dealer has limited? I think they're both getting I guess I'm not sure Wayne could probably answer that better than then I can. But he's he's not on.

Speaker 2  07:27
So Matthias, would it be? With Dwayne have all the answers they're probably going to be now

Matthias Miller  07:41
we take a look at what we've got. Twin actually sent a few things over. And let me see if I can pull that up.

Speaker 3  07:53
Wayne's got something set up to where it splits the leads off to the different to the two different email.

Matthias Miller  08:01
Yeah, so he, so it's, I'm guessing in that case that they're both running off of Trello. Right now. The the issue that we ran into with the 10 mile radius is that that's actually a really tight radius to get sufficient lead flow for, for the region of marketing that were the region that we're marketing to. And so I wonder if we should consider, I see two options. One is, the fast there's the Fast, fast option, and then there's the slower option. The fast option is we expand the zip code radius to 50 miles or however big we need to, to make sure that brick and mortar dealers get the volume of leads that they need coming in. And then they keep getting those leads by email. And we can then start pushing leads outside of that radius over to the current the North Carolina, the current North Carolina team. That's the fastest solution. The slightly longer term solution is we could we could have leads we could get them into the new assist portal for sales, but probably requires some kind of communication coordination with Dwayne and then we could we then have more advanced rules as far as

Unknown Speaker  09:48
who

Matthias Miller  09:50
let's see more advanced rules as you know, as far as guaranteed number of leads a day. Or you know, I know one of the things we talked about North Carolina is assigning least one liter day, or whatever that number is.

Matthias Miller  10:08
So I think to get started, what would make sense is just like, sorry, either way, Dwayne controls the Trello board at this point, or configures, the Trello board at this point, he would also be involved in the assist portal. So I wonder if we could just expand the radius, and keep playing with those radiuses until we hit an appropriately flow to just to get started. We could also maybe do some, sorry, I'm doing a lot of verbal processing here. The other thing we could do is we could run an export on again, I don't have I don't have access to, to the Trello board. So I can't do this. But unless Daniel or somebody could run, run an export, and we could get a list of zip codes, number of responses by zip code, and maybe that would give us an idea of what percentage of leads go where and how broad that radius needs to be.

Speaker 2  11:03
Don't like for a short term that would be a quick win. And how many leads are you looking for going to the brick and mortar doors

Unknown Speaker  11:23
daily?

Speaker 2  11:25
Alvin, like you're saying, I don't want to starve them. What does that mean?

Speaker 3  11:33
I think what numbers that Wayne had given the seven, seven a day is in my head. Does that sound like a lot?

Speaker 2  11:52
That seven is per dealer or that for total? Yeah. Per dealer

Speaker 1  12:04
take a look. And see what let's see. Let's take a look at what's cyclical. Wait, we were at Wine this was in this one here is the right one to do it on.

Unknown Speaker  12:36
If you don't remember that conversation.

Speaker 4  12:41
I was out of my office for about 49 seconds and I missed it. We were talking about Savin something.

Speaker 3  12:51
Do you recall what number Wayne had given when we were discussing our lead flow? Like per day? Like the number of leads coming in per day? Yeah.

Speaker 2  13:07
I had heard I had heard for the number four on our last call that we had earlier, but I are

Unknown Speaker  13:14
okay. Yeah, that's that was per dealer. Mike is that

Unknown Speaker  13:20
correct? Dealer?

Speaker 2  13:21
That's what I understood for Yeah, that's the current flow that they're getting. But I understood, it could be wrong. That's what I remember that that sounds closer.

Unknown Speaker  13:35
Because they're seven. That's a lot of leads in a month. It's more than what

Speaker 2  13:42
we're getting. But if we tried, why did we set this up and tried a 50 mile radius to get started with see what it produces? And it could always be tweaked. Be a quick land to get started. Somebody has a different opinion?

Matthias Miller  14:03
Well, currently, currently, we got 372 leads last month for North Carolina. I'm going to expect that. You know, I don't know exactly how to anticipate your immediate immediate responsiveness and change within how North Carolina had performance is going to vary from current

Unknown Speaker  14:30
current Indiana ads that are running I'm a little

Matthias Miller  14:43
if these dealers are depending very heavily on these leads. I'm a little skittish just immediately dropping into a 50 mile radius unless unless we can look back at the leads that they've that they've received so far. And we're comfortable that they're still going to get a sufficient, sufficient Volume

Speaker 2  15:10
Do you rather want to have more leads go to brick and mortar? Or to online? The online evil Calvin? Or do you have an opinion there?

Speaker 3  15:23
I mean, maybe starting out as well, I'm not sure I was gonna say maybe starting out have more go to the brick and mortar and then if the lead flow increases we can add if they get overwhelmed and that sounds so what would

Speaker 2  15:51
you suggest Matthias? If we were trying to hit that for her dealer for a total of eight a day? What would be your suggestion to make that to shoot for that?

Matthias Miller  16:06
Well, my, my suggestion would be if that's about the current lead flow, then I would rather under promise and over deliver. And I would rather plan to split leads between those two dealers in this in this switch, and then as we if we find out that we're sending them, six leads a day, then we start carving off territories and start feeding territories into into the online sales team. Or if we see that, or if we see that they're not following up sufficiently with leads.

Speaker 2  16:44
I mean, then turn them all on to the brick and mortar and then see what happens and then work work it from that perspective.

Matthias Miller  17:01
Yeah, it's gonna be more difficult conversation. If we take them down from we should set expectations up front. So worst case scenario is they start getting eight leads a day. And all of a sudden, they're thinking, Oh, this is going to continue for a long time, we should set expectations that we're targeting for four leads a day and some days, it's going to be more in some days, it's going to be less, but that's what we're trying to optimize for. And we just need to keep our eye on it and keep adjusting it until we we dial in where it should be at. That would be how I would be accounting. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  17:41
Are we broke up? You said? Yes.

Speaker 3  17:46
You were talking at the same time? What was that? Yes. Oh,

Speaker 2  17:51
do you want to? Is that what you want to do? Turn all of them will turn the leads on and split all of the leads between brick and mortar to start with and then see how many leads we have. And if there's an excess of four per dealer and then start carving out the excess and sending the excess to the Online team that more the approach you would like to see.

Speaker 3  18:18
Yeah, I would like to see that. Just because I think they would actually order leads if they could get them. But I'd like to have Wayne involved with that he has a better feel of what the dealers are seeing as far as capacity wise. If we can, if we can do that initially send them all to them and then start LM off to

Speaker 2  18:45
so Matthias just just to touch on your your expectation thing again.

Matthias Miller  18:52
Maybe he missed okay. So the main thing I want to avoid is we let's let's say that okay, we're we're hoping right out of the gate as we make this switch that marketing is going to continue about the same rate with few hiccups. Now worst case scenario is worst case. Scenario number one is lead flow drops for some reason. I don't anticipate that but it is possible. The other potentially negative scenario number two is out of the gate, or within the first month. We start with four, it rapidly jumps up to eight leads a day. Dealers start getting comfortable with that and they start expecting eight leads a day. And I think framing the conversation that we're planning to target four leads a day and morning you might get more leads leads in that per day during part of this process, but we're not just just one wanting them to be aware of that so that as we reduce if we have to pull back the lead flow from them that If there are no surprises, and they're in the loop with with what the plan is. Does that make sense?

Unknown Speaker  20:11
It does.

Matthias Miller  20:20
Good, so I think so I think what's required on that front is we need to

Matthias Miller  20:36
we need the list of

Matthias Miller  20:42
so these leads are start are going to start going to a different Trello board. So Dwayne is going to need to set these dealers at with that Trello board, and he's going to need to set up the rules to assign these leads, respectively, to the respective dealer.

Unknown Speaker  21:04
I think that's

Matthias Miller  21:10
and then we need to get the full Indiana zip code list to Jonathan. I think Dwayne, actually, Dwayne has those as well. And I, I think I could get those over to Jonathan and he could start getting those setups so that so that we're ready to turn those on whenever whenever,

Unknown Speaker  21:33
whenever we're ready to

Matthias Miller  21:35
whenever Dwayne's got his side ready to go.

Speaker 1  21:41
And then the third piece would be

Matthias Miller  21:49
taking over the current current Facebook and Google ad accounts. And making sure we're not marketing or advertising against ourselves.

Unknown Speaker  22:05
making that transition was making that transition

Speaker 2  22:14
with Dwayne being out of office right now coming back next in office next Tuesday. Does he need to be in office to do those changes needed from wait it'd be done remotely

Matthias Miller  22:34
he could do it remote you could do it remotely

Speaker 2  22:43
What does time frames look like to make the transition or the things that need to happen?

Unknown Speaker  23:00
Me see what

Matthias Miller  23:09
sorry, there's one other piece that needs to be done call routing need to adjust call routing

Unknown Speaker  23:14
throughout these calls as well.

Matthias Miller  23:21
I think I think I can get I think I can get Jonathan set up fairly quickly. Where he's gonna have to confirm with him to be sure but I think likely you can get his stuff set up before before doing would be available. So I think I'm gonna guess that the biggest question is just how soon can we get I'm trying to think if there's any other way that we can do this

Speaker 1  23:58
wouldn't have to involve Dwayne, but think that's involving Dwayne is probably the only check one other thing here

Matthias Miller  24:25
Yeah, I think it's a matter of it's a question of, of,

Unknown Speaker  24:30
let me let me try. Let me let me check just a few more things here and Go

Matthias Miller  25:31
so is Fort Wayne going to be? Fort Wayne? Is Fort Wayne getting any of these? Is there a physical location of Fort Wayne? That's getting these are no.

Unknown Speaker  25:42
Not yet. No? Not yet. Okay.

Matthias Miller  25:46
And where should where would the Fort Wayne zip codes be sent to currently? Or are we holding off on that territory?

Unknown Speaker  25:56
Are we currently marketing in that territory? If if we are they're getting sent diploma

Matthias Miller  26:11
I don't have access to the current worksheet, I don't know, I might be able to find it. I'm not sure if we are not just

Matthias Miller  26:25
so then the next piece would be the automation.

Unknown Speaker  26:36
And that's all controlled enter Dwayne's account?

Matthias Miller  26:45
Okay, now, Dwayne has to be involved in those assignments. I don't know whether you're currently marketing to to Fort Wayne, would you want? Would you want to start? Or do you want to be marketing in Fort Wayne for this? Go ahead and start marketing in Fort Wayne. Are you wanting to wait?

Speaker 3  27:10
I'm guessing we want to just kind of match our existing auditories. Okay. Unless there's obvious reasons to expand that farther.

Matthias Miller  27:31
So then I think the next question is, who should? Who should be in touch with Dwayne about? About that? Do you want me to? You guys want me to reach out to him? Or like do you want?

Unknown Speaker  27:48
Let's see. Just Calvin,

Speaker 3  27:59
would it? Would it make sense for you, Matthias to work with Dwayne on that, or I'd be glad to talk to Dwayne about it. But I'm not sure exactly what all he needs to do or

Unknown Speaker  28:16
yep, I can do that.

Matthias Miller  28:19
And then. And then do you guys want us to basically get everything spun up and ready to go? And then and then and then we'll make sure Dwayne has access to all the existing accounts, the existing heritage accounts. So we'll get everything lined up ready to go and just let you know when? When to tell when when to drop off on with your screen of.

Speaker 3  28:54
Yeah, that was one question. I wasn't sure on, like, how does the switch? How does that look like when we switch? But?

Matthias Miller  29:06
Yeah, because these are, because and just to confirm you guys are playing to market under two point is that right? Right. Yep. Yeah. So because of that, this will basically get added under under the truepoint ad accounts. So it's just a matter of expanding the truepoint accounts, the main thing that we want, will be it'd be, it'd be good to have access to those accounts just for informational access. And just so that we we have access to those. But then the switch is basically going to be a matter of starting to run the ads under the two point accounts in those Indiana territories that are currently in that your screen is currently targeting and then we'll just basically stop the campaigns that are running on the on the current heritage accounts. So once once we got at the same time, yes, that would happen at the same time? Or if you'd be if you'd be more comfortable with it, we could we certainly could have an overlap. I don't know that I don't really know that your screen I mean, first creative because these are separate accounts fierce creative doesn't really isn't involved at all we could we could spin up the the marketing on the truepoint side and give it a few days before we call into your screwed up due

Unknown Speaker  30:38
to cancel equals a down

Speaker 2  30:53
Calvin, would you want an overlap or or, or like a transition?

Speaker 3  31:01
It seems like maybe an overlap of a couple days to a week seems like a good thing to do. But maybe I don't understand it properly.

Matthias Miller  31:18
cabling, from my perspective, that's wise. The last thing that I want to do is in this transaction transition. Again, we're going to be as careful as we can. But I think the redundancy is good. And I don't want to have something go severely sideways. And worst case scenario is that we spin up these new campaigns and something goes sideways. And we don't want to the best thing you could do for an ad campaign that's working is to let it keep working and not stop and start it. And so my risk aversion agrees with you that this is a good path path to go.

Speaker 2  32:05
Next step is you're going to you're going to spin up everything, get everything ready. And then as soon as everything ready, and then let Kelvin know, and then it'll be like a one week transition. Yep. Betting and play the same for one week and confirm it comes up and is functioning properly before the other one. Right. At what, at what point? At what point do you need to have ad spend numbers from kelvin?

Unknown Speaker  32:43
Sorry, that's the numbers from

Unknown Speaker  32:47
from Indiana.

Matthias Miller  32:50
We're going to need that. We're gonna need that very soon so that we can start setting up the campaigns and configuring the budgets appropriately on the new campaigns that we're setting up so that it would be nice to have that soon.

Speaker 2  33:09
How soon do you see everything be ready? Ready to move? Is this a day? Or is this two

Unknown Speaker  33:17
weeks?

Matthias Miller  33:21
I would well Dwayne's not? I mean, it's not back until Tuesday, I believe. So the middle of next week is the earliest that I would see it being ready. And I don't perceive it being well, that actually puts us that puts us right at a week. I certainly don't see it more than two weeks. But you know, from what I would like to do, if we have those those budgets, if you guys know what you're looking to do in the budgets, what I'd like to get that information over to Jonathan immediately so that he can start getting those

Unknown Speaker  34:00
getting those things queued up.

Matthias Miller  34:05
But then as soon as soon.

Unknown Speaker  34:08
So go ahead.

Matthias Miller  34:12
Oh, I don't see a reason why he's heavy.

Speaker 2  34:16
Sorry for the delay. You got it. You've been? Have you been? I'm sorry. Kelly, have you been able to put some thought into that? Or do you want some more time to think about that of where you want to place that?

Speaker 3  34:30
On the ads, and now I didn't really do a lot more. I was kind of hoping we can maybe start with where we're at currently. But I didn't know how that.

Unknown Speaker  34:46
That looks. Right.

Unknown Speaker  34:49
Right around 7500.

Speaker 2  34:53
Is that split up between Google and Facebook? Or is that just the other Is 7500 split between Google and Facebook

Unknown Speaker  35:08
right yeah, yeah that's right

Unknown Speaker  35:15
thank

Matthias Miller  35:19
you bottom and make sure you're at the bottom end of what Jonathan

Unknown Speaker  35:32
is to be

Matthias Miller  35:36
do you know offhand? Actually maybe I could pull this up Do you know offhand what the blend is between Facebook versus Google and what you guys are spending there?

Speaker 3  35:46
I don't know for sure. I know it's quite a bit more on Google than Facebook.

Unknown Speaker  35:51
Yeah see,

Speaker 2  35:57
question I did have on that Matthias is if as since he's 100 of the truth point umbrella know what the Jonathan was talking about Google having like favors like, by spending with them or whatever? Will this like having him market under adding marketing dollars to our the truepoint umbrella increasing that will that increase the favours any? Or how does that

Matthias Miller  36:24
look a lot of that happens on a per what Google calls a per campaign campaign basis. And so the advantages that he gets is that we we do have all the existing ads that are dialed in and working working well for we're currently but the concept of those favors really come down to individual campaigns that are working well. And so that part would not translate in the same way

Unknown Speaker  36:58
let me see here

Matthias Miller  37:01
one second I think I think I might actually have access to that

Unknown Speaker  37:06
here and let me go ahead and go back to

Matthias Miller  37:28
so it looks like last month was about make sure this is

Unknown Speaker  37:32
sorry hang on

Matthias Miller  37:43
the current Facebook

Unknown Speaker  37:48
Business

Matthias Miller  38:01
you it looks to me like

Unknown Speaker  38:06
this will get interesting yards

Matthias Miller  38:20
Okay, it looks to me like currently spending about 2000 on

Unknown Speaker  38:27
Facebook

Matthias Miller  38:33
and so that would mean that you're currently around 5500 on

Matthias Miller  38:46
by cated 5500 I don't know exactly where that's at on Google.

Matthias Miller  39:14
The challenge is that it becomes the lower the lower your ad spend the more difficult it becomes to optimize your ad campaigns because you don't get

Unknown Speaker  39:32
the volume of traffic that you need to do that

Matthias Miller  39:44
would you be

Matthias Miller  39:58
Would you be open to Rolling in at least a little bit? And if so, do you have thoughts? How much are? Calvin? I guess, what are your thoughts? And?

Speaker 3  40:07
I mean, yeah. Definitely opened up growing it, I think, been 11,004 Oh, on ad budget. But like Mike was saying earlier, like, if we're under truepoint, if that makes, but that's kind of the number it takes to optimize it. We can I guess what I don't want is so many leads that we're just wasting our money. That's not really anything to be scared?

Matthias Miller  40:55
Well, I think it's a legitimate concern, I think. I think the upside is, so I don't want you to be wasting your money either. The upside would be if, if we could, as soon as possible, get these dealers switched over into the assist side? And if when dealers have too many leads, if they can start assigning them over to, to the online sales team to do follow ups? That's the that's the backup plan. I think we could you're currently doing 2000 a month. It looks like you're doing 2000 a month on Facebook currently. One option we could do. And I think we've been proposing 3500 on on the Facebook ad spend, we could drop that down to su 2500. And for a total of 10k 10k on adspend.

Unknown Speaker  42:04
7500 for Google?

Matthias Miller  42:06
Yeah. 7500 for Google and 2500 on Facebook.

Speaker 3  42:20
And then if we get a lot of lead flow, we can just come to the online

Unknown Speaker  42:27
Yes. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  42:47
I mean, I guess that the

Matthias Miller  42:55
art. But if that's if that's still more than you're comfortable with, we can certainly take a look at this. And

Speaker 2  43:11
when questioned ahead, Matthias was is there any? Is there any ability there to cross reference optimization between the two districts? On the campaign, you know, optimization with both being under true point? Is there any cross referencing that can be done with that where there's value coming out of that or no?

Matthias Miller  43:41
You mean, between Indiana, North Carolina?

Speaker 2  43:45
Yes, if there's like if both of them are running campaigns, and both under the true point, and we learn from each other, where if optimization on one campaign? Well, or it can be translated over and done in the other district as well. Is there in that be part of the optimization strategy or no?

Matthias Miller  44:08
Yes, absolutely. And, in fact, as we set up these ads, we would, we would take the we would take the best ads off of Facebook, and we would translate them over into Indiana and we take the what's been working the best for us on Google and we would we would send that over to India as well. And so we we'd start with we capitalize on all the optimization we've been doing over the last number of months, and we start rolling that out in Indiana nearing.

Unknown Speaker  44:43
The end we're going forward

Speaker 2  44:46
where there could be a lot of bigger wins out the gate. Taking, learning from the past history of what we're building After that, but as far as as if Calvin had a lower initial ad spend in an introduction at a 7500, there's no I know, you said this difficult to optimize, but there's no chance that cross referencing could be part of that to where it might, you know, could maybe be helpful with that if the number was lower that really no help, right?

Matthias Miller  45:25
It's possible. I had a lengthy discussion with Jonathan. Here's basically, his words.

Matthias Miller  45:42
He said. So his minimum that he gave for Google was 7500. And when I pushed on him a bit, he said, Well, if push comes to shove, the absolute absolute minimum he'd be willing to go down to is 5k. But his concern at that levels, is that we don't end up shooting ourselves in the foot because and not not having quite enough volume on Google to really dial it in and give it it's not just optimization. On our end, it's also optimization on Google's end, to run enough people through, see how people respond and optimize to go find more people like that, that follow those behaviors. And so his biggest concern was, it's not that it's not that we're wanting to spend unnecessary marketing dollars, because that doesn't make sense. The biggest concern here was he really didn't want to want us to be shooting ourselves in the foot and spending 5k a month on Google. When if if we could spend a bit more that we would have a substantially more effective campaign? Because Because Google's better able to sell to itself optimized based on people who are going through the process. Sure,

Speaker 3  47:11
safely. Basically, you could maybe up your ad budget 25% And get a 50%. More effective campaign. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  47:23
yes.

Matthias Miller  47:26
Here's an equivalent example that might make sense from the sales world. You know, one of the one of the best things you can do for a salesperson, you know, you can give out all the training in the world. And one of the best things that you can do for a salesperson is put them on phone calls, all day long, and just have them get in the numbers that they need to. And that's going to be the fastest feedback loop to, for them to know, oh, that works. That doesn't work that works. That doesn't work. That works. That doesn't work, I should do that better. Oh, I didn't think of that. And it's really hard to do. If you're doing one sales call a week, it's really hard to get enough feedback from the people that you're talking to, to be able to learn effectively from the conversations that you're having. And the Google and Facebook algorithms work similarly, although they work a bit, I mean, they do work somewhat differently from each other. But it is similar to that sales situation where if you've got one guy walking in every single week, and I know these are these are bit exaggerated numbers, but get one guy walking in a week. It's it's it's not enough information for the algorithm to learn effectively. But if you start feeding, like you said, 25% more the the algorithm has, can learn and then can it's it's kind of like a compound interest on its learnings, where it can continue honing in on what type of person it should be. It should be targeting on the front end. Does that make sense? It does

Unknown Speaker  49:10
anybody have any thoughts on this?

Speaker 4  49:16
Think the the, the big key to the success or the failure of marketing is? How well we figured out how to get online sales to convert these leads into sales. Because if we can figure out how to get in, I don't know we've not had a discussion about this. And I expect that's coming. But if we can figure out how to get the online sales people to convert these leads into sales.

Unknown Speaker  49:51
I mean, at that point, it becomes a matter of it becomes math I mean, okay, we spend this much we get this many sales and we can scale the online sales team.

Speaker 4  50:13
I don't know how helpful this really is. I think what you're saying, which I agree with is, the only way to really crack that code is to have a bunch of leaves. With the one lead per week, as you said, there's no way to ever crack that code. But with 100 a week

Unknown Speaker  50:47
it'll go 110 Faster. So I mean, the ad spend me determining what the ad spend is. Right now is kind of a let's just try some. Because we don't really have a lot of online sales data, like conversion rates or whatever. I don't know, this is making a lot of sense. But I guess in summary, what I'm trying to say is we're running a little bit blind right now. Think. That right.

Matthias Miller  51:45
I agree. And yes, the next point of conversation is around the current bottlenecks that I see in the online sales process and how to fix it. I do think this probably also comes down to a little bit of a How much are you willing to comes a little bit of a

Matthias Miller  52:18
question of if, if we increase this lead flow, and we're not closing it yet, how much are you willing to invest into speeding up that process? And how much do you want to kind of maintain? I guess, kind of maintain where, where you're at?

Matthias Miller  52:45
And so I don't know if this is right or wrong. Some of this probably also comes a bit down into a short game versus long, long game perspective, and what what is the what is the tolerance level for slightly longer game to speed up the process versus tolerance and, you know, practical implications, versus a shorter game? Let's stick with what's working. And let's

Unknown Speaker  53:18
Yeah, let's stay there.

Speaker 4  53:23
It kind of seems to me like it could be valuable to maybe dive into that stuff, and then circle back around to it, but in the end might be more productive maybe.

Matthias Miller  53:40
agree with that. So if I can kind of give an overview, then if we kind of set that aside, I think that's most of what we need for. For, for rolling this out. And I can keep moving these forward. And then hopefully, by the end of the call, we'll see, we can at least see where we're at on the budget side. There have been a few challenges that we've seen so far. Number one, reachability of leads. There are a lot of leads about half of leads come in after I didn't do any numbers in Indiana be interesting to see where that's at, but it's after somewhere between 5pm and 6am. And those leads, we haven't done again, we haven't done numbers to see reach ability of those leads versus other versus daytime leads. But we have reason to believe that those leads are generally less available. And we've got like stories and anecdotes that indicate that those leads are less available during the day. So bottleneck number one is nights and weekends. And we are currently in negotiation with a potential team member with with sales experience, who would be willing to work she's in Central Time. who'd be willing to work up until 9pm You From time to make, make sure we can count to see if we can increase the contact ability of those leads by having after hours, conversations. Number two, there, there does seem to be a disconnect between people who are getting on the website, and they're expecting some kind of quote right away, and they're not getting it. And through conversations with a sales team, this is actually a conversation we had quite a while back, but we weren't ready to pursue it. But the idea of an instant quote, where we would, on the building on the website, when you click a building style, you would say, I want a quote. And literally, it's a quote for that building, you have 44, pore sizes to choose from small, medium, large, extra large, and we'll have the dimensions there, as well, based on popular building sizes, and you put in all your information in it would literally create a quote in the visualizer. And, and figure out the price for that building, and push that information into our email auto responder, and send them an email with a link to download the quote, as well as the actual price of the building.

Matthias Miller  56:19
And the thought is that there are a lot of people who are looking for specifics around around this. And the thought is using this as a test to see how this closes the loop on the buying experience. Because people then get an instant, instant accurate quote, based on.

Matthias Miller  56:45
Yeah, based on what with what they select, and there's not this disconnect. What we're seeing right now is a disconnect of basically, well, I give you all the information, what else do you need to ask me. And now the conversation changes to? Well, this is this is what it is right now. And there's, you know a few details that we need to nail down a 15 minute call can can nail that down, or we can get you a quote or get you or we can help help guide you through the process. It's something to test. But I think it's certainly worth the test. This also is jumping ahead quite a bit. But it does open the door for what Twinkies talking about for a Tesla style purchase where you go go, you pick a shed, you pick a size, and you put $400 you can reserve your shed. And yes, there's no phone conversation to nail down the details and make sure it's deliverable. Site site check types of you know, et cetera, et cetera. But people buying online do have different buying behaviors, and we can maybe accommodate that. Number three, we aren't we this ties back into reachability. What as we roll out, option two, we want to roll out with the instant quote, what we're looking to roll that what we want to roll out is in the questionnaire, ask a how do you prefer to be contacted, and if they say text message, include a note that they are explicitly giving us permission to send them text messages. And then we turn on text messaging capabilities for the salespeople. And if a lead says I prefer to communicate by text, then they can start texting to, to communicate. And we think that by doing that, and this is a hypothesis that we want to test and prove. But we think by doing that, that we could improve the reliability of these leads as well, especially for people who are working during the day, etc.

Matthias Miller  58:50
Number four that we're running into is we are still running into some price objections. And I'm not sure exactly what all the reason is, Mike, you've mentioned that, that it does seem that competitors do seem to be getting hungrier as well. And they're running some specials. And so one of the things that we're planning to do next week is for people who have quotes out, offer them people who, who haven't reached out and don't have a quote yet, we're next week, we're gonna offer them to reach out some time from the die my dates, when we get that if they reach out from the seventh to the 14th sometime and they get a quote, then they can lock in, they can lock in a discount through the end of the month as a way to create and this would not be for new leads, or not for highly interested leads. These are for leads that have been languishing and need a little extra push to get them across the finish line. We see this as a test. And we'll see how this works. This could be something that can be repeated monthly. That actually proves to be something that's required to get people over the line. There are also probably other ways to see if we can get over the The price objection. But this is this is one thing that we're also testing this month. Things that we have done so far to help reduce this is we have to reduce some other bottlenecks that we have been facing number one, we have turned on the auto responder with the exception of two emails that weren't quite congruent with the truepoint brand. And we have been having people respond to those to those emails, very effectively as if, as if, or maybe even better, sometimes in our personal emails.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:41
So that's,

Matthias Miller  1:00:43
that's been good. It's, again, we don't I don't know how much this actually it's been, it's been good for engaging prospects who are on the fence. And the other thing that we've done is we've been doing optimizations, sometimes lead notifications are not coming in very quickly. And so I put the pieces in place that would lead us, number one, well, that that gets us these gets these lead leads to the salespeople as soon as possible. Often, they're still sometimes have four to six second delay before it comes to their email, I do have an option that that would easiest be implemented, when we're implementing the instant quote, that would give us a way to shorten that down even further, where when the customer hits the thank you page, it would would trigger something that would immediately go back and check for that quote, and, and get it over to, to the salesperson. And then as a result of that. And taking a look at lead response times. It's varying a bit, probably depending a little bit on time of call and when people enter it in. But we're getting entries into the CRM, often within just a few minutes, within five minutes of them submitting the the lead. There's one example. Today, this is kind of a best case scenario. Bob submitted a lead at 1217. And by 1221, Marissa had recorded a phone call to him with and I'm not even sure

Unknown Speaker  1:02:35
what the details of that phone conversation were.

Matthias Miller  1:02:42
Oh, it reached out to him. And he said, to reach out the next morning at 8am to get in touch. So that's been the second lead response times and putting those tools in place has been something else that we've been that we have done. My big. Okay. And then one more note is I did share some numbers with the sales team this morning. And I think this would be helpful to go over. But according to some numbers that we found, and I did not, this is not a legal or academic type research where I go footnote everything, but these are the numbers we're looking at. But it takes on average eight cold calls to reach a prospect. And so that means I think I'm assuming that's an average, I'm assuming sometimes you can reach them in for sometimes 12. And I think follow ups and continuing to reach out to leads really as a huge key invest. Something else that we're seeing is that there are people who do seem to have legitimate reasons to extend the sales process, ie my family members really sick, I'm taking care of them. Or I'm buying land I want to put a tiny home on or I'm doing a remodel, I want to see how much money I've got left afterward. And what I'm trying to encourage encourage people to the sales team to do is to put follow up dates out so that we continue to stay in touch with them and, and maintain that relationship, even even if it ends up being an extended extended in some cases, multi month relationship to the land the land the deal. So that's an overview of a very fast overview of what's been happening. My question comes down to really priorities and making sure that you guys are on board with this direction and looking for any kind of feedback that you guys have and

Unknown Speaker  1:04:56
going this route Do you see any blind spots?

Speaker 2  1:05:08
I think the key in all of this is cracking the code and they get that close rate. Right. I think that's if that is in place.

Speaker 2  1:05:30
That's the key. And I don't disagree with any of personally the direction I think it's very

Unknown Speaker  1:05:41
it's a great, great direction.

Unknown Speaker  1:05:44
The your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:50
How much of this?

Unknown Speaker  1:05:52
Would you like?

Speaker 4  1:05:53
You mentioned what vital strategies one was, was reaching leads, let's do a quick summary. One was reaching leads that come in late. Another one was price objections. Another one was what were the rest of them. instant quote. People expect that another one was over the next. Oh, yeah. preferred method of contact in texting. Okay, so of all of those. All of those can be solved. Obviously, the most painful one to solve is the price objections. Because, I mean, we can discount the share down to where we lose a little bit of money on and probably have a very healthy sales, amount of sales. That how much I guess my question is, how much of what percent of the issue would you say that is the price objection? Like me discounts me cheaper prices?

Matthias Miller  1:07:20
I'm going to say

Matthias Miller  1:07:28
Do you feel like you've got a sense from from our conversations with mer Centauri?

Speaker 2  1:07:34
I think that varies from

Unknown Speaker  1:07:41
greatly varies

Speaker 2  1:07:42
in the general economic situation and outlook. how people think. I think if that can greatly vary throughout the year, it's just my personal opinion. People get uneasy about economics, they may clutch cash. And if they feel safe and secure cash flow, the probably easier, lured into the values now. answer your question, particularly right now. What percentage? That is issues probably a little difficult, I would say probably. Economic Outlook we have right now. Probably a little bit higher than it was this spring probably. I don't know. That's hard one to put a number two I would say.

Unknown Speaker  1:08:44
I would say probably 60%. Maybe an easier way to think about it is is

Speaker 4  1:09:06
if we had the first issue solved, which was somebody's reaching out to all the leads in the evening. That's that's fixed. And the second issue preferred method of contact that fix people are being responded to their preferred method of contact. Contact. Three, the instant quote is fixed people are getting close. Bam, bam, we fixed those three, but the pricing issue is still exactly where it is. Would you might consider 40% of the problem solved like

Speaker 2  1:10:00
We did a little we did a little test last week. We had two weeks ago we had a

Speaker 2  1:10:12
at a prior week, it was the sales was slower two weeks ago. And I felt like it's probably just due to some of these probably election. Probably distracting people were one and then just the general economic outlook for the last four month. It's just been doom and gloom. So I did a little test, run a little promo last week and to see if that indeed is a big part of the objection. Does that trip the people how much an edge of issues is that? So I did a two week little promo to see. And last week, a lot of people bought we had like, bye, buying South Boston sold more shares last week than he's ever sold since he started year and a half ago last week. So even in economic situations, he had his record week. So the message to me was clear. Right now people do actually shop pretty hard. Because of the competition out there showing actively are so hungry and pushing it so hard with just blasting out there. What great deal they have, in his causing a mentality to look for that right now. I think intuitively but I think season, they finally go online. Oh, this person is offering a huge discount. So everybody probably should next one. Oh, this one is two and then one of them doesn't. Oh, wonder why that one's probably. Nevermind. is probably a thought pattern is what I'm just guessing behind it. Will it continue? Probably not. After election things good. That's just I don't know, as long winded escape? I don't know. Does that be my viewpoint?

Speaker 4  1:12:12
I just remember, way back when she started doing online sales, one of the first strategies he came up with that I think they have done ever since was online sales. People want discounts online sales, people want discounts. Online sales people want these costs. So they increased their pricing 15% for online sales, and then they discounted to all their customers. Whatever it comes out to is obviously not a full 15 off of a 15 increase or you go down but maybe 1314 or something. And that's this beta in their opinion. Strategy of necessity. I don't know. I mean, that sounds like the old joke about the restaurant that put up a ad that said buy one hot dog for the price of two and get the second hot dog absolutely free. I don't know if that would ever make somebody buy something. But it Oh. I guess two thoughts. I have one is we could do something like that. And to is I don't think it would be a bad thing to spend the week just selling a bunch of shares, regardless of the price. I think that would give maybe another maybe Mark got a week and say okay, next week we're gonna sell five shirts, one per day, it doesn't matter. We'll run some crazy promotions people can turn down we're gonna sell type shit. We're gonna learn lots of things that is kind of my inspiration I guess.

Matthias Miller  1:14:46
There's some feedback from other spaces I've been in the way that this works is a different venue, but this is same type of thing but in the context of selling expertise in consulting thing, there's two things that end up working really, really well. Anytime you're selling anything to things that were in it working really, really well. If you can sell time to somebody who doesn't have any, or you can sell money to somebody, then those become really easy things to sell. So you can say, you can pay 400 $400 a month, and on an RTO or $500 a month on RTO. And you're putting this into equity in your property. Like, wouldn't you like to be able to, to recoup this when you like, I mean, basically, all you're doing is you're, you're putting this into an investment that makes money back now, if that's actually a credible and accurate argument. That's another? That's a whole other question. The other way that I've seen this framed is, Would you be open to some feedback? Would you like to know how successful people make decisions? Well, everybody wants to be like successful people, and they want to know how they make decisions. And then it's around. The biggest the biggest barrier to making decisions is not actually whether you made the right or wrong decision, it's delay. And the important people, successful people know that the most expensive decision you can make is delay. Now, there's other ways that you can frame this this conversation, which is, I mean, let's take a look at how successful people make decisions. And are there. I think my biggest concern with some of these approaches is that far too many of these approaches used in ways that were less than Integris. And not something that I would I would buy into, but are there ways that successful people make decisions about buying sheds that can feed into this that can help overcome the overcome that price objection? I'm just offering another option, I guess.

Speaker 4  1:17:14
Good. I don't quite understand the practical application of that strategy. So so I'm a salesperson. And we're going to apply that strategy to sell shares this week. What am I going to do? Okay,

Matthias Miller  1:17:28
somebody has three as a lead right now, who has something at 550. And by the way, Tory says that she thinks 60s 60 to 70% of her leads with with price objections. But she was the lead this week. They prices by 50. And his budgets 400. So he wants to take 30% off, or 20 25% off the price. conversation would go something like this. Well, I understand that 550 is more than what you wanted to pay per month. And would you be open to would you be open to some feedback? Oh, yes. Would you be open to hearing how successful people make decisions like this? Well, yes, yes, I would be interested in knowing that. And then you you lay out probably the easiest way to frame this is well, you're this guy wants a workshop. Well, why is it important to you to have a workshop? Well, I just having a workshop helps me get my head in the game and helps me helps me relax after stressful work and Okay, well, that's that makes sense. And, and, you know, tell me a little bit about work. Well, really what I want is I'm making this stuff up. But really what I want is, I'm really looking to get this promotion and I want to go climb up the ladder, I want to go do more of this or that and, and then it's like, okay, well take a look at your work responsibilities. How much is it gonna hurt you, when you when you really when you're stressed, stressed out and frustrated and you don't have? Well, it's hard to do my work well, and well, how likely are you get a promotion? Well, I don't know. It's just, you know, I can see that it'd be difficult well, so people understand that sometimes.

Unknown Speaker  1:19:35
It's the it's these

Matthias Miller  1:19:39
these things, these nicer things of life that help you relax and help give you the space that that's actually the things that end up making them the most money because they show up at work, they're refreshed. They're in it, they're on their game, and it makes them able to do their job and get the promotion they're looking to get you know, that's a practical example of it. How this type of selling strategy might work.

Speaker 4  1:20:14
And there's probably people that would respond to that, it would probably turn me maybe the wrong way rubbed me the wrong way. Somebody say it out if successful people make decisions. I mean, if if we were salesman came to my door and said, Do you want to learn how successful people make decisions? I would say? I would probably say yes, just to get a laugh out of it. But would there be some, some process of kind of figuring out?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:57
Who do we put into the funnel and who not? And maybe it's just the trial and error thing. I don't know. Everything there would need to

Matthias Miller  1:21:06
be. And I'm not even sure that I even really mentioned this as an alternative. I'm not going to be clear, I'm not sure if I actually believe in this type of approach or what we're doing here. But yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:21:26
The last thing I want, is sell them on their promotion that they're gonna get as a result of it. And because, well, they're still them. They still have their old ways of thinking and behaving. promotion that comes in, they look at the 2.7. Think about promotion that they really wanted to get didn't get, there's really nothing we can do to help them. Help them get it.

Speaker 4  1:21:49
Yeah, they make decisions how successful people do. They still didn't get the promotion. Exactly. Oh, Mike, this is more your project than it is mine? Well,

Speaker 2  1:22:14
it seems like we're toying around with next week, we're going to sit around toying around with this price objection thing, try something, I think we'll learn from it. Think, come the 30th. When this whole idea ends, I think we'll come out of it a lot smarter, based on what happens and

Unknown Speaker  1:22:39
lead off of it. I don't relish the

Speaker 2  1:22:46
idea at all to sell on price for sure. That's not I think our goal. I think learning from this will help us make better decisions, what needs to happen at the end of the day, what concerns me is that we get a chain of sale started. And we learn from it. And we start getting good reviews to post. I think that'll help us, as well as getting these people in the pipeline that have bought and started the referral system. I think there's so many changed systems and things that can come off of a sale, that actually brings value in the backside referrals referral program that I think greatly captures, recaptures our money spent on

Speaker 2  1:23:38
the instant quote, thing, I do have one question on how much time each time and cost isn't involved to put that one into place? Well,

Matthias Miller  1:23:53
my original thought was, oh, this is gonna be really expensive. We're really time time consuming and has to go in depth priorities. I think we can take the Typeform integration, and we can

Matthias Miller  1:24:14
if I can find the time, I think this is something that I would very likely be able to do as part of just my my online sales, you know, just part of building out the online sales team. And I think for me, I don't know, I'm going to I'm going to just make up a number and guess it's half a day to a day of my time. And the big challenge for me right now it's just where does this land in all of the things that we could be doing? If you want to look at effort and reward, I think Videos marketing everything up. And giving the sales team permission to give updates is one of the things that we could most quickly implement with the least amount of my time, but sorry, I'm kind of injecting my opinion there. While answering your question that help

Unknown Speaker  1:25:19
it does I

Speaker 2  1:25:23
circling back to that marking things up? How effective obviously, that's been a strategy for SGI and they have not abandoned it. Seemingly? Well, I think that's part of where, if you go online right now and see their their advertising, like one of their things is like, 30% off. So I think a huge part of that is market to start with. So it's a psychological thing. And maybe the online person thinks more like that we're want to get something out of this want to get a deal? And maybe maybe,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:06
I would say,

Speaker 2  1:26:10
in the next three weeks, as we come out of this test, I would feel pretty confident to make a call on that, like, if this grace, unbelievable amounts of sales, I think it probably could be revisited and maybe be a good thing to try. Maybe we try that as the next go round, you know, that functions works. Do we could actually offer discounts without cannibalizing profits? I don't know.

Speaker 4  1:26:42
That a bad approach. Now, you keep mentioning, once we come out of this test, the three weeks what is I don't quite understand. So

Speaker 2  1:26:55
this week, I understand when the thighs you go ahead and describe it. You

Unknown Speaker  1:26:59
sure. Here's the idea.

Matthias Miller  1:27:03
We'll put together some emails, about seven or eight emails to people that Merson Tory have handpicked, that should go should be part of this test. And this is anybody who's not seriously interested in moving forward on a building. And we, the we sent him an email, say, hey, look, we got a special surprise for you. And if you have a quote already, or if so they'll reach out to people already have quotes. But if you guys get a quote sometime from the 12th,

Unknown Speaker  1:27:32
to the

Matthias Miller  1:27:36
sorry, from the seventh through the 14th, from Monday to Monday, if you get a quote during that time, we're able to give you a 10% off to the rest of the month. And then you need to you need to buy your building by the end of the month, and you get a you get a 10% off. And the idea is that we've got two deadlines built in number one, you have to call, we have a specific deadline that we can that we can push out and get this quote started by the 14th. And then we have a second deadline. Look, you have to go ahead and get your building nailed down and get everything wrapped up by the 30th for your luck in this global

Speaker 4  1:28:19
understand one little observation I've had another person I don't know much about sales, all that you know, disclaimer, disclaimer disclaimer is discount expressed as percentage of for shed doesn't seem really attractive to me. Because the shed is tight margin business and we just kind of shed 10% we're like wow, we're not giving it away, but kind of kind of headed that direction. But in the retail world 10% is really not too exciting. If I go to the department store to Walmart, and they have 10% off I don't even look at it but if it's 40% off, or 60% off, and then I stop and look at so maybe customers think of that completely different than I do but if someone is telling me shit and they say $500 off that grabbed my attention more than 10% because $500 Man I want to say

Speaker 2  1:29:40
whatever those were some of the some of the advertisements right now, the other companies are listing like ranges. So they pick a percentage and then they look at their sheds that are within that percentage and say like, up to 4000 or $4,500 off, then it's basically just throwing numbers out there instead of percentage and to say, Oh, well, it's up to you. What can I do? And let's see what kind of discount we get and use numbers instead of percentage. I don't know. Does that psychologically make a difference?

Speaker 4  1:30:20
You mean, then they say, Oh, I can do $720 off on that one. Wow. Nevermind that that's actually eight and a half percent. Like that.

Speaker 2  1:30:36
It could be done that way. Seems to me like if we're talking about price objection being 60 to 70%, out of Victoria, it seems like maybe, maybe having a solution for that. Putting our energies into that would bring a huge maybe the quickest, the most. Investment and I liked the plan that we have in place. It happened I think. There or maybe on the market thing.

Matthias Miller  1:31:19
Have you guys given any thought to having to do training with sales team?

Speaker 2  1:31:30
You're saying doing training with the sales team or doing like a day's worth of training? Like are

Matthias Miller  1:31:36
these I'm thinking price objection would be a great question for him to go deep on. And so I was thinking about the day's worth of training.

Unknown Speaker  1:31:45
You don't respond on that one?

Matthias Miller  1:31:48
I don't recall seeing anything.

Speaker 2  1:31:51
Okay, apologize. I thought ahead. And maybe I mislaid it. So I think it's a great idea. I think we should do that for sure. Okay. I

Unknown Speaker  1:32:03
thought it was copied.

Matthias Miller  1:32:10
Oh, oh, good. Gracious. Well, maybe if I would read my emails.

Speaker 4  1:32:17
I gotta tell you how you want to know how successful people manage their emails?

Matthias Miller  1:32:24
I do. I want to know that. I don't want to know that. That was just too tempting.

Unknown Speaker  1:32:36
Oh, that's good.

Matthias Miller  1:32:38
Oh, as long as you're not selling sleepers that tell me how to read my email. Actually, that's not not a bad idea. That is an option for some of these emails.

Matthias Miller  1:32:55
Okay, well, let me let me I don't know. I do know how I miss it. Somehow. Just some of these threads got tied together and I just straight up missed it. So I'm gonna get the ball rolling on that.

Unknown Speaker  1:33:12
And

Matthias Miller  1:33:14
we'll see about see about his availability

Unknown Speaker  1:33:26
Yeah, good.

Speaker 2  1:33:35
All right, we're coming up into 230. We just passed it. So what else do we need to cover?

Matthias Miller  1:33:42
Okay, so number one, I think along with this, the only thing I'm gonna say is, number one issue is solving the price objection. And I'm gonna say that's more important than my concern. If we do the instant quote, and people see the price, then it's like, Ah, they're gonna disqualify themselves right away. That is my, that's my biggest concern. So I think I think we can do the test. I want to do some work personally, on my end, to say, what are ways that we can or other avenues that we can use a solid price objection that nobody else is using? And this might go back to some of the the diamond tip, your USP stuff that we talked about, but is there a guarantee that says we don't give you you know, I don't know. I gotta work on this stuff before I start running my mouth too much but is there a way we can we can counter the price objection with other other means where it's just a no brainer. People like oh, yeah, of course nobody else is ever gonna do do that. Like

Speaker 2  1:34:51
what I get out of it is, is the price objection is the thing and I don't agree. I agree with you and it's a quote, I would probably freeze that one until we figure out the price objection, it could actually play worse. But if we can figure out that one, I think that should be our focus. And one of the testing is going to be the campaign we're going to run this month. Having other options to test seems to be a really good I D as well. 10 So what else I know you were going to circle back to are we done in that you still got someone that I'm doing that? If you get someone that

Unknown Speaker  1:35:48
a belief gave you Silla? Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:35:51
Guys, I'm elfin that got some milk on that.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:00
Oh, Viva la skeldon. You still they're still here. Yeah. So

Speaker 2  1:36:09
circling back, you want to dive you have a moment today back in on the ad spend. Matthias Are you got to leave?

Matthias Miller  1:36:19
Yes, no, I got time.

Speaker 2  1:36:24
For any additional thoughts coming in that are even more time.

Speaker 3  1:36:29
So I was just thinking, what would happen if we would do 7500 On the Google ad? And keep our Facebook same? Because it seems like Facebook is not such a high priority? That would obviously, the like. That's just kind of whatever.

Unknown Speaker  1:37:01
Size you got thoughts on that?

Matthias Miller  1:37:03
Yeah. The only question I would have as an alternative if we keep the total budget at 9500. Calvin, would you be okay, if I take this back to Jonathan and with leaving it up to him? Whether that whether it's 70 502k on Google Facebook, or whether we take $500 from Google over to Facebook, so it'd be 7k and 2500? Or would you be okay with either direction on that? Okay,

Speaker 2  1:37:45
so next step is going to be by our next call on next Thursday, we expect probably everything will probably be in place for a good discussion, like by next Thursday, probably is that sort of logic or what? What's your thoughts?

Unknown Speaker  1:38:06
If Oh, see

Matthias Miller  1:38:08
if I can ping Dwayne, doing get a hold of Dwayne, any of this moving sooner, rather than later. And seeing how optimistic he is about doing that. While he's out. We'll see. And I'll get Jonathan started on this stuff right away.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:28
Good here. Good.

Matthias Miller  1:38:34
Mike, I have one specific sales related question if you would have a moment I don't have I don't know that. Gaber Calvin would have to hang on for that.

Unknown Speaker  1:38:44
Alright, guys,

Matthias Miller  1:38:46
thank you. So he has a three has a guy who's looking at RTO for workshop, the RTO contract says that you can't add shelter benches, no equipment, no utilities can be connected, etc. Can an RTO be used for workshop?

Unknown Speaker  1:39:10
People do it all day long.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:12
Every old day.

Speaker 2  1:39:15
One of those Lego things that the only thing that really the company's going to buck is is they don't want people housed in it. Technically, they all those technical terms are in there to protect themselves. So there's never but never will in our do contract. Have any pushback because it's used for anything other than housing or housing of people or housing of animals. Those two they don't like it and even then there's there's crooked dealers that do it. And it's bad, but it's protect themselves. We do it every day all day. So Nevermind. Nevermind In there

Unknown Speaker  1:40:01
Okay sounds good appreciate it appreciate it


Transcribed by https://otter.ai