Matthias Miller  00:01
Often I have an Amish client who is interested in building out a phone menu that lets him put custom courses behind a paywall. And he wants to be able to record messages perhaps have a place to leave voicemails, and do things like that. I think this would be a great use of Twilio. And I'm thinking about doing a potential joint venture with him and a possible revenue share with him to do this project. And I don't have time to do the design on the project or the build out. And so I don't know if you would have any interest in learning Twilio, flowchart, studio designer tool. Basically what I'd be looking for you to do is be able to build out 90% of it. And then there are some pieces like the actual integration into stripe perhaps that I might need to give you some support in or for sure the ability to store recordings and be able to pull recordings from an extension. I would probably have to build out some functionality for you with that. But I think there's a lot of pieces that you would actually be able to build out and design yourself. And so I don't know if this is a project you're interested in getting into or not. It would involve a good bit of back and forth with the client. He doesn't have email or fax and so that is a bit of an issue. You have to leave voicemails for him and a custom number. He can leave voicemails back to you if you like. I think the way that we would structure it probably is that we'd set aside basically 10 to 20 hours and say once you go figure out which you're willing and interested in building and let's reevaluate from there, see where you guys are at and figure out where the project is going how we like it. This guy is also a bit of a dreamer. And so we do want to make sure that we phase some of these pieces appropriately. And then along with that I'd be looking to maybe set aside a few 360 Minute Calls along the way that you can pull me in for input and direction. I would prefer not to be on the client calls with him. I'm afraid that I'll get sucked into the weeds and I don't think it will be the highest or sorry, not the best use of my time or our time to do that. So I noticed it's pretty open ended. But I wanted to at least get the idea towards you and start hearing your thoughts on it.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai