Unknown Speaker  00:34
Good morning.

Matthias Miller  00:35
Good morning Tori

Unknown Speaker  00:40
let's see should I go to Lindsay?

Matthias Miller  01:06
Yeah. Okay. Let's see. I don't know. Hey, Michael. Good morning. First of all.

Unknown Speaker  01:17
Good morning. Sorry, I'm one minute

Matthias Miller  01:20
late. Not a problem. versus not on yet. Probably. Probably talking to somebody right now. Question for you. If Do you know if there's a direct email to email or phone number to logistics? Um, is that the main Burkholder management? Phone number?

Speaker 1  01:44
It is the 877 number and then Lindsey is at extension five.

Matthias Miller  01:50
Extension five sorry, you said extension. What was it again? eriell 505.

Speaker 1  02:06
I linked directly to her desk. Now. The NP logistics discord goes directly to her as well.

Matthias Miller  02:18
Perfect. So do you have any problem giving her that that number too? People wondering about their I mean, that's sounds like the right person.

Speaker 1  02:30
Oh, you're saying like people, people want you to call and check on the status of their? Yeah, they're dead? Oh, no. Sure. They've got a shit.

Matthias Miller  02:40
So there's that. So what I would do Tory is I go in both directions I'd give. I give Pamela an option to reach out directly if she wants to, but also let her know that you'll pass it along to to Lindsay to check on the status. Okay, that way, that way, she's got full control as well.

Unknown Speaker  02:59
Okay, sounds good.

Matthias Miller  03:05
Good. All right. I'll just spend a little time once Marissa comes on, she said she'll be on in a minute or so. I'd like to spend some time talking about the promo. And I was talking to Jonathan last night about rollout for the for this for the instant quote. Got some, he gave some good feedback on the promotion. How to schedule that. So for aborting probably draft just a handful of emails here. Yeah, curious, anything, anything, anything new from yesterday, from any of your calls or getting updates?

Speaker 2  04:02
Um, okay. So as far as the promo yesterday, I was drafting up different like graphic templates that had like, you know, Black Friday sale 10% off. So I have a few of those that I need to upload. I upload one already. And then I'm going to work on myself draft emails. And yesterday, I had three new leads. One guy resulted in two custom quotes. Now Michael got back to me really quick. Thank you, Michael. In another lady said she would give me a call back. I sent a few quotes out. And Randy, he was ready to go. And one of the RCO contract he wasn't answering but I sent it over to him. And he didn't reply. So I'll follow up with him this morning and give him a call. And then my guy that was looking for a different financing option. I also gave him a call and couldn't reach him. So I reached back out to him today as well. So hopefully, green sky will be a better, better option for him

Matthias Miller  05:12
makes sense be really useful to know people's schedules. Like when are they?

Unknown Speaker  05:27
Yeah, Chow, is

Speaker 1  05:30
just trying to reach out. So, one question I have for you is the customer that you said, Oh, he was ready to go on the RTO. Can you just expound on that for one minute?

Speaker 2  05:49
Oh, yeah. That when he went, he didn't know his monthly fee or anything yet. But he was wanting the RTL contract. So I sent it over for him to review it. See if he had any questions, couldn't reach him on the call, but on the call, if he has any questions, I'll answer, you know, whatever questions he has, but not that he was ready to sign it. But he was like, I'm ready for the RTL contract type thing.

Unknown Speaker  06:22
Okay, so you fill one out and send it to him for review?

Unknown Speaker  06:26
Yes. With the

Speaker 1  06:28
areas where that he was aware of that, on the RTO contract. We could do a zero down on that. He's aware of that too, right?

Unknown Speaker  06:39
Yes, yes, he is.

Speaker 1  06:44
Good, where was? What, what? What town or city was he from?

Speaker 2  06:50
He is in Elgar's white. Colfax, North Carolina.

Speaker 1  07:04
Good. So he has everything in his face, basically just trying to reach back out to him now and get feedback. And if he did pull the trigger.

Speaker 2  07:13
Yeah, in the final stages, whether he has questions or whether he's ready to sign or

Speaker 1  07:20
Shana one of the great things about zero down is we're offering that which not many companies are at all doing that, where, you know, he literally can see us he just shines the paperwork, and doesn't need to pay a dime until we show up the shed the day of delivery, you know, is the first that he'll along the need to make his first monthly payment viable. So he gets to see the shed before he pays a dime, which is where the sugar and the sugar industry.

Speaker 2  07:49
Yeah. And that's why I really want to get him on the phone. So I can expound on that versus you know, through email. Good. Hoping that gets finalized today. Hi, Marissa.

Speaker 3  08:11
I guys. Good morning. How's it going? I'm freezing today. So I'm wearing my coat indoors. I couldn't take it off this morning. It was so cold. Tori was nice. And um, she helped me test out a headset yesterday. Because I was constantly wearing my earbuds in my ears. And I was like, I'm gonna just get a headset. So I don't have to fuss with those earbuds.

Unknown Speaker  08:37
It looks good. I hope

Speaker 3  08:39
it sounds good. You guys have to tell me if the microphone quality is good. Because it sounds good through the earpiece. No, sounds great. I've been using this CX three app on the computer now instead of on the phone. It's just so much faster to like, click on the phone number copied over and just move. Just nice.

Matthias Miller  09:05
So mercy, any any updates? Any new information for us from conversations yesterday?

Speaker 3  09:12
Yeah, I have a couple questions actually to bring up. So let's start with questions. Yesterday's calls went well, I would say over all you guys can see the metrics in assessed but the pipeline is filling up. And I think what I would like to do is start getting the people that have quotes established even if I'm leaving them a voicemail and letting them know that you know if you close this deal in November, you have the opportunity for 10% off give me a call back let's get any questions out of the way as far as colors and layout now so that you can take advantage of that price. This morning actually talked to three guys they all answered, which was awesome. From either late night inquiries or early morning and they all were very Interested in rent to own for buildings that they would like to have before Christmas. So they wanted quotes to show their wives. And they wanted to get back to me on color choices. But overall, they were excellent conversations. I think the two that I feel like are closest to pulling the trigger are Kathy and Kathy Ortiz, who is in my quoted list, and she has already had a site visit from Randall. She's struggling with an HOA restriction on the color. So she's looking she had to go to a board meeting and get approval for that process. I think she's probably top of the list. And then if I had to pick a close second to that. The tough one. There's a couple that are getting closer to being firm. But there's a couple, Tony and Angela Jones, who are looking for a designer barn, we sent them samples. And again, I think they're just getting close to making their final color choice. And then the purchase. Michael, my question is about garage doors, fell on the phone yesterday, he cannot do wider than a 10 foot building, he knows that it won't fit on delivering it. He's trying to leave us enough, you know two feet on both sides of the building for it to roll into position. But he was using it as a garage, he wanted to get a 10 by 16 and put a vehicle in it. We ever done a garage door on a 10 by 16. seemed really tight.

Speaker 1  11:38
So the answer is we are able to do a garage door out ever, it would need to be a special garage door and it would need to be a special order that seven feet wide. Now, it may be wide enough and may not be eight feet wide. We have actually done a couple in the past and have had some issues with it due to structurally not being enough structural wouldn't each side left and right, left for like delivery, we had some issues with it like shifting a little bit and being off square. So if we moved down to a seven foot wide door, it is possible it would just be a special order. And we could do the same price as an eight wide, they're actually typically a little bit more expensive. But I can slide it in there for you. So that seven by seven is what you would be able to offer.

Speaker 3  12:34
Thank you so much. I believe that will work for him. So I'll call him back this morning. He's storing a trailer that is six and a half feet wide. So if he's a good driver, he might be okay with this. Door. Yeah, that's

Speaker 1  12:47
good. Just be sure to if you do sell it, just be sure to notate the nude section well that this is actually a seven by seven garage door approved by Mike since and select an eight by seven because that's the only thing you'll be able to select when you sure want to assist in the pricing will be.

Speaker 3  13:05
Okay. Thank you, Mike. I appreciate it. And then one of the gentlemen I spoke with this morning, his name was Ramiro, he asked me a point blank, honest question that I couldn't answer him. So I said, I cannot answer you this. I haven't been with truepoint long enough. But he said how dramatic has the price of a building increased in the last year? And he said, I just want an honest answer to know if you know, is it gonna keep climbing because of material costs. And I told him, I would ask you my goal and see if you've noticed that increase over time or if it's held steady based upon our market and what it demands.

Speaker 1  13:44
So interestingly, on that one, early these earlier this year, there, the pricing was significantly higher than it is now. Oh, we followed some trends. So there was a material surcharge in place for several months, and now have been able to remove that at the present. So I guess to answer that question right now is a really good time to buy. Yeah, everybody knows what inflation looks like, etc. And so will be will we be able to hit or hold on to these prices? You know,

Unknown Speaker  14:23
we don't know I don't

Speaker 1  14:24
we don't have a price increase like scheduled but you know, it's inevitable. Things are rising. So it is a really good opportunity to purchase.

Speaker 3  14:34
Okay, I didn't know that about the surcharge earlier in the year. So thank you. That'll help me give him the most honest feedback. I appreciate it. And then I just wanted permission I guess to start teasing the November promo. I think it will be beneficial when I'm leaving voicemails to let folks know like hey, you want this rate. Let's get the conversation started now so that if there's any back and forth, they don't miss the opportunity. But I don't want to release that too prematurely, and kind of take away the deal. nature of that type of promo.

Matthias Miller  15:14
I wouldn't, I had something I wanted to chat about. So I want to chat about what I want to talk about first, before I answer your question, if that's fine,

Unknown Speaker  15:21
okay, go for it.

Matthias Miller  15:24
So, I had a conversation with Jonathan, who runs, he's our media buyer. And we're talking about persistence and follow ups. And he shared two things in particular with me. Regarding persistence, so some interesting stats, I don't know the full source of these things. But so, you know, if you want to go dig and verify, there's all kinds of things that go into how you calculate these numbers, but 50% of all sales happen after the fifth contact. Most reps give up, give up after two, it takes eight cold calls. And I'm gonna guess that's on average. So that means that some are reachable and four, and some are reachable in 15. It takes eight cold calls to reach a prospect, and 72% of all sales calls aren't answered. 90 92% of sales professionals give up after the fourth call. But 80% of prospects say no four times before they say yes. And 80% of sales are made by 20% of salespeople in the winter sell to prospects give us those up on the sorry, the prospects that we just give up on. Just adding this is strictly anecdotally but so I have a sister who, who is a bit of a non conventional salesperson, in that she's she doesn't really fit the probably fits more of what we're trying to. If I could persuade her to come work for us here, I would. I can't, she won't. But she fits with more of the model that we're trying to build here versus kind of what you'd find in a traditional straight commission role. And one of the things that she would often do is, so first of all, she she would assess people's likelihood to buy early on. But she would also be the person who is patient enough to spend an hour working to make a $2,000 sale, knowing that these people will come back and and come back to her and secure a $10,000 a second $10,000 sale on the back end. And most of our colleagues didn't have the patience to do that. Or colleagues would go for the people who are who are going to buy today regardless, as long as nobody got in their way. And close those deals. Which which works, but you're only you're only utilizing a portion of the leads that are that are coming in. And there were some other changes that she made. As well, she does the same thing that we that, that Eric has been telling us about high responsiveness to online leads. When she started changing that on on their online leads, she started seeing a significant uptick in conversions. And then increasing customer retention by 5%. Boost profit by by 25 to 90%. For Harvard Business Review. Now this is we're not in any kind of recurring or, you know, recurring model. But if if we build out a if we build that if if we build a referral program, if we get customers that are really really happy, and we build out a referral program that actually works, then we can immediately increase lifetime value of a customer by you know, if I don't know what the number is, but 20% with no additional spend in, in marketing dollars. So that's that's where the profit really again comes in. Here's the second one he sent. It's a little harder to read, but 2% of sales are made on the first contact 3% On second 5% On third 10% on fourth and 80% are made on the 5012 contact 48% of salespeople never follow up with a prospect 25% of salespeople make a second contact and stop and 12% of salespeople make more than three contacts. Wow. So I say all that to say I want to make sure that So personally, I'm not opposed. And we were well I want to talk a little bit about about our actual plan for doing this and I have a proposal for how to structure this offer but I'm so philosophically not opposed to offering this discount and getting it rolling. And you can even let them know that there's we haven't even made this public yet and it's like you're on the inside track like you go So, so there's that. One observation, Tori, it was it was just scrolling through leads and trying to get through going through communications trying to figure out more what's happening. There was this one example of a lady who was doing a remodel.

Matthias Miller  20:17
And I think that could be a potential Avenue. No, she she mentioned she was going to follow back up. But I think I think that could be a potential avenue to check back in with her in three months, and just say, hey, wanted to touch base, see how your remodel is going and see where you're at with that. And, and just stay in contact in communication with her until, until her remodel is done. She knows she wanted to know, wait and see how much money she's got left. Don't want it to be, don't want it to be burdensome, or really frustrating to her. But and, but on the flip side, have a dozen phone calls. Could I don't know, it's hard, it's hard to say. And so that so that we will learn with time about how to prioritize those types of follow ups. Alright, so then, okay, so then jumping in. And by the way, I'm going to have to drop at the top of the hour, I've got a, I'm going to call I have to jump to so I'm going to try to get to this fast. My proposal for this offer is to have next week, Monday through Saturday. Anybody who who anybody who already has an outstanding quote that's need some momentum, some some reason to move forward, as well as any of these people who haven't been able to get hold of who calls in Monday through Saturday of next week to get a quote, they have to have it Quoted by by Saturday, which allows us to impose a deadline on them calling in and getting a quote. If if they do that, then they qualify for the 10%. And then they have to have to close by whatever we we choose November 25, or 26. Or or end of or end of month. Now we can we can certainly test different variations next month as well. But if somebody can't be bothered to pick up the phone and get a quote within within that week. Well, I don't know. So I guess first of all, what are your thoughts on that? Yeah, any thoughts on that structure for the offer?

Speaker 2  22:35
So this kind of Monday through Saturday, they have to have a quote in to be eligible for the 10% off.

Speaker 3  22:46
That due to us needing to have like time for a site check and things like that the following week.

Matthias Miller  22:52
Right? I don't think it's reasonable to expect somebody to call us up next week. And say

Matthias Miller  23:03
okay, there's two reasons for that one, if if somebody calls us on November 29, and call us for a quote, whatever day of the month, it is, and or day of the week and says I'm ready to buy the building, I want you 10% off, that's going to bleed over into November can't see we can't do that. But you know, they're gonna have to talk to their spouse, talk to Hoa pull permits, depending what they're doing, or, or check out financing options. And by moving the deadline up, having it kind of be a week long special it gives, it gives ample time for follow up through the rest of the month for them to nail down those specific issues. But it gives us a second deadline to for them to get that nailed down there.

Speaker 1  23:57
So to confirm, I understand you're saying from the seventh through the wealth, you would they would need to have a quote either you have an existing one already. They qualify. Anybody else needs to have it? Well did by the 12. In order to be able to be eligible to come the 14 Somebody calls in and says, Oh, I want to participate. I want your 10% off. Would we then also offer them that on the 14th? or No? wasn't quite sure there after the 12. Well,

Matthias Miller  24:35
if we went, we're going with my proposal and we want to have integrity in our marketing. I would say no, I'm so sorry that you missed this. I can give you something else free I can give you 50% off flooring installation this month or whatever it is this month. I guess we didn't talk about I'm not sure if we talked about what promos we're using this month but I can give you this other free thing. But I'm so sorry. he missed it, and

Unknown Speaker  25:02
gives the still strong call to action.

Matthias Miller  25:06
And we have to back it in order for it to be.

Speaker 1  25:11
Yeah, no, no, I understand. I was just wanting to clarify there. And make sure I understand that correctly. Yes. Clear? No, I think it's unless there is a call to action. It seems like the other things just become weak. I agree. So it would be a one week of, of offering this, make sure you get your quote in, and then it would? When would that are, then you're saying that is to be determined? Or if some if we start to savins and somebody says up, I already have a quote, I want to close today, when we close on it on the Sabbath, or will we wait till some window for closing for it to be available, then?

Matthias Miller  25:58
No, they can close as soon as they want. They just have to have it closed by? And we'd need to determine the second deadline. I'm thinking. Tori, I don't know if you're planning to work to work on the 26th it would be your scheduled to be I don't know with with holiday how that would be with the holiday. Are you planning to do that. So we could, I think maybe 25th or 26th as the deadline, depending on whether we have whether 26 is staffed deadline to actually close

Speaker 3  26:36
kinda like closure at the end of the month of November, because it is a holiday weekend. And I think that we might find that even our customers have a difficult time calling in on that day, because of plans and travel etc. I think it shouldn't hurt us to extend it to the last day of November. It may decrease some of the urgency or the flashiness, but from a practical perspective, I think we might actually succeed in giving them till the last day of November, and it's a very clear cut at the end of the month.

Matthias Miller  27:19
And I will probably, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  27:22
like that's. See, I'm starting to see that in a lot of ads for cars right now.

Speaker 3  27:38
On a TV where it's not Black Friday, it's Black Friday deal through the end of the month. Because that also is something that takes time to you know, you can't get hold of your bank for financing or whatever on holidays. So they're giving people flexibility to do that.

Matthias Miller  27:58
So then, conceptually, Are you guys okay with the I mean, I mean, are you guys at least for November? Okay, I'm not saying we can't change and test other other approaches, but at least for November testing the get a quote by this date and then close by end of month.

Unknown Speaker  28:12
Yeah, like that. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  28:16
And, Mike, any problem with you from an on having the final sale deadline be November 30?

Unknown Speaker  28:24
No, I did with that.

Matthias Miller  28:30
So the email sequence that I'm thinking is Sunday evening sending out an email basically saying there's a surprise coming. Keep your eyes open for it Monday morning. Here's what the surprise is. 10% off call this week for quote takes 15 minutes. Wednesday, some kind of objection. I would love your input on what the objection would objection we should address some of it may just be I'm expecting a hard sell or I'm expecting a lot of time. And it's maybe it's just a matter of saying it's only 15 minutes. It's quick and easy. And I don't know. Open to your feedback on that Friday. It's kind of a we're getting ready to close down Saturday morning. Today's your last day. And then there's one last one going out around 3pm Saturday afternoon saying doors are closing in two hours. If you have not yet called you need to pick up the phone now and give us a call if you want your 10% off in November

Speaker 3  29:30
I would be comfortable if it starts the seventh extending from the seventh through the 18th as their window to get their quote in and then so that's two weeks worth of time. And then they have two weeks of closure. So then they have the 21st until 30 s for closure

Speaker 3  29:56
or do it on I mean you have a couple The big things happening this coming week you have Election Day, which is the eighth you have Veterans Day, which is the 11th. And then there's kind of a nothing week, and then Thanksgiving.

Matthias Miller  30:10
So what if we started it on the so I think I think extending two weeks is too long. I think it kind of loses its, but I'm not opposed to. I'm kind of sad to see the wrap it up on a Saturday go because that seems to be a day when people should be available. But again, we can test right, I would also be be open to doing well, there's a few ways we can do this. We could do or you could change your work. You know, I don't know if you want to do this. But if Tory wanted to Tory if you wanted to come in on the 19th instead of the 12th we could still do it through Saturday and do something like the 11th like kick it off on the 11th and go through go through the 19th then you're cutting a little close or even midweek ninth or 10th

Speaker 2  31:10
Yeah, I have a problem coming in whenever whenever works best for the promo.

Speaker 1  31:18
It make a difference if we if we wrapped it around the weekend seems like sometimes in our social we've done in the past, we've noticed people coming in shopping over the weekend. And then thinking over and then coming back and having a day Mondays that we've we've always started to try to run our emotionals anyone a Monday. Why did we went like start on the seventh and end on the 14 that weekend?

Unknown Speaker  31:51
I like that a lot that makes a lot of sense.

Speaker 2  31:59
Yeah. Because I feel like a more relaxed day for people to to kind of just you know maybe they'll have more time on a Sunday for like not too much is going on on a Sunday.

Unknown Speaker  32:11
Respond is just just football.

Matthias Miller  32:15
Just football. I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to drop i i don't mind drafting some email. I'm gonna see if I can dress emails today as well on this and get get some of that rolling, at least from a tech standpoint. And we don't have to have everything written but we should. I'm going to be out Friday, so we should at least get some of the kickoff emails. At least have the emails ready to go through Wednesday of next week. I like it. Great. Great. Awesome. Ready? You should appreciate it. Yeah, I haven't done


Transcribed by https://otter.ai