Speaker 1  11:13
Oh, there we go. Hey, got it? Yeah, I think so I'm trying to get it connected to my headphones yet.

Matthias Miller  11:20
Sounds good.

Speaker 1  11:32
Sorry, that was way more confusing than I probably should have been.

Matthias Miller  11:37
It's all good. There's always something good. So I'm just going to I figured it could be useful. You're probably not going to understand everything. I'm happy to explain whatever I can. Eric wanted some automation, and I figured it'd be useful for you to rail along. And you can you get little, a little bit of a picture of what's possible, and maybe learn some things along the way as well. So feel free to perfect okay, slow me down and all this stuff, but let me pull up his email. I

Matthias Miller  12:23
Yeah, so this is what so what he's looking to do whenever he creates a new opportunity to create a task, when that task gets is completed, change the stage to not able to connect unless the opportunity was created with a quote. Ie first quote, first quote sent. Template was used in that case, moved to set quote stage. Sorry, this disappeared. So the way these are very poorly organized, if you if you ever just completely need something to do, there's a bunch of these that literally have nothing in them, like the Okay, take a step back. Automation, basically, is some kind of there's some kind of trigger event, and then there's a series of actions that happen on the back end of that. There's no trigger here, so nothing to start this thing, and it's doing nothing. Somebody started building it never completed it. Easiest way, probably just to avoid losing your place, is to rename it as delete and go through, find all of them, and then just delete, delete them and just make sure you're not deleting an actual one that we need. Yeah, but it's not a big deal. Nice cleanup, yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  14:07
that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  14:08
All right, so we're going to see where most of this stuff is at. Think there's some here. We some around round robin. So these are how these are all the automations that apply to the round robin, how they how they get tagged based on source. So if somebody calls in, there's a form, fill, etc, we're adding tags for that, or through the Shut up. I am going to just, we're going to create another folder at the risk of having too many, but it helps recognize it a little bit. I. Let's just do opportunities. So the first, the first piece would be having whenever a new opportunity is created,

Matthias Miller  15:19
then create a task. Look at all the task ones. There's a Create Tab. Let's click up. Let's not do click up. There's an add task, and I see. Let's, let's go mirror. Let's go mirror. What we have in the stages. Is

Matthias Miller  16:20
we'll assign it to the contacts assigned user, and we will make it do immediately. Okay, description, just put that in there. There's really nothing.

Matthias Miller  16:46
So that should then create those as a side note, there's you can go into if you're ever trying to figure out what goes sideways. You can, you can, this one doesn't have anything, but you can see which contacts it ran on, or when it ran, and what it actually did when it ran, and those types of things. A little bit of visibility, okay, so that's that will, that will create the task.

Speaker 1  17:26
Yeah, that makes sense. So when they come in, they don't, we don't have to go through each I mean, yeah, it's automatically moved to where

Matthias Miller  17:37
it needs to go. So yeah, when the opportunity shows up, then we'll automatically create the task, and then we're going to watch for please tell me that.

Matthias Miller  17:56
Let's see what we can do with task completed does not look

Matthias Miller  18:12
task completed. Let's so it's not letting me filter based on which task was completed. So we could

Matthias Miller  18:32
Well, let's see. First of all, if you actually check with Eric, I think I think let's, let's try this actually bind. So let's find the opportunity, the most recently created opportunity, for the contact, and then can, if else, if that opportunity, See contact details, opportunities, pipeline stage is the pipeline stage is new opportunities and opportunity first quote templates set. Not sure if I can do it exactly like that. Um,

Matthias Miller  19:47
we could do soon. We. These

Matthias Miller  20:27
Eric, So I

Matthias Miller  20:43
actually, let's do this. Let's set this up, because I think this will work. And I'll shoot him an email. Then with what we did, we can, we can see how good it is. So then if, if it's in the new opportunity stage, if you complete a task in the opportunity stage, and we have a shed out link, then we're going to update the opportunity and move it to quotes.

Unknown Speaker  21:08
Oh, perfect. It

Matthias Miller  21:10
should automatically. Anyway, I think that's

Speaker 1  21:16
what you're saying, because we've been having to go through and just manually put them where they need to

Unknown Speaker  21:29
Go this folder, though,

Matthias Miller  21:40
even after sending a quote, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  21:46
So maybe that's where the

Matthias Miller  21:49
that's where the breakdown is, yeah,

Speaker 1  21:53
it's just missing. I was just missing one little step. This makes sense, though. I mean, this is kind of cool. Where you can, I mean, you can just funnel everything where you want it to go

Matthias Miller  22:03
exactly. There's a lot of stuff that you really want to talk I mean, there's so many like it's, it's just an open playing field with what you can do. You can, you can. This isn't even playing around with anything like aI responses or anything like that. You could watch certain types of text messages reply back appropriately and Okay, so when i

Matthias Miller  22:48
i wanting to differentiate between, okay, that makes sense. So when, when somebody fills it out online, if somebody fills out a quote online, it goes into new opportunities. We'll have a quote link there. We don't have any way to identify whether, yeah, Eric or somebody with it, Eric or the customer, actually completed it, oh, I see

Speaker 1  23:27
yeah because they send him, yeah because then he sends something back. And that's usually what we acknowledge as quote sent, right? But you're saying that it's recognizing it as the same thing as when they send in, because they technically probably let me see her, let

Unknown Speaker  23:54
me just see if I can find one.

Matthias Miller  24:09
So really, what we want to do in in an ideal world, we would have something Like i Ah, yes,

Unknown Speaker  24:25
absolutely,

Unknown Speaker  24:31
we're just going to thank Yeah, absolutely,

Unknown Speaker  24:46
yeah, just separating it into two different

Matthias Miller  24:55
so who would do that we could then do then, anytime it is in.

Matthias Miller  25:05
And then the shit out we have, we have completely separate automation on the shutout, then the then the shit out would move out of there automatically. And you could just literally have this condition where, if there's a task completed in this stage.

Matthias Miller  25:31
We would close out the opportunity. We would just think no change stage, Not able to connect.

Matthias Miller  25:45
Update opportunity

Unknown Speaker  25:56
pipeline. I'm

Matthias Miller  26:09
I guess this should only happen. Hang on certainly happened for, oh, that's implicit. That's the shed pipe, and the stage would be not able to connect. I'm

Unknown Speaker  26:44
let's wait to publish This.

Matthias Miller  27:01
Tablet. Let's just make sure.

Matthias Miller  27:31
It out, I'm not aware that there's a way that we do it Based on the template, either document or contract templates should

Matthias Miller  28:58
we got Two ways we can go with the with the the

Matthias Miller  29:11
other way we could do this is we Could, I think we should be able to templates. I complex. Let me get some checkers. Um.

Matthias Miller  30:00
Save it to me. I

Matthias Miller  30:30
All right. Well, let's Okay. So here's this would be one way to do it, the other way to do it would be, if we would, we could also do a workflow where given a tag, then we would send, send an email Using the

Matthias Miller  31:15
I call it template, shared quote First,

Matthias Miller  31:28
no, but that's that needs An attachment.

Matthias Miller  31:43
So that won't work.

Matthias Miller  32:02
Yeah, right? Well, let me, let me, let me check to see what

Unknown Speaker  32:15
option would we have? I'm

Matthias Miller  32:30
let me, let me check what we can do in the SHUT UP side. Because I think that's that's probably the cleanest way we can't because he's attaching the quote to the he's attaching the quote to the email. I don't think we don't have a good way to trigger anything based on the type of email that's being sent.

Matthias Miller  32:56
I'll chase that. No need to drag you through the weeds on that. That's it's even more complex than this full

Speaker 1  33:04
so did you? Did you design one of these programs to shut up, or this one? Or are you just like, bought in and know all the little details?

Matthias Miller  33:19
So I did not do so not shut up. We actually did it. There's a client that we there's a client that we did it. Did a full like, basically the equivalent of a shut up for full end to end, everything from a 3d builder all the way to, it's more than Shut up, actually, but all the way to accounting.

Unknown Speaker  33:43
Oh, wow. Okay,

Matthias Miller  33:48
just Novi and sounds, yeah, spending much of my life in these worlds and eons, eons ago, in a former life, I like my job. Right out of high school was building software for advanced insurance companies to manage, manage

Speaker 1  34:07
investments. Oh, I see, so you've been doing this for a while.

Matthias Miller  34:12
That's my background. Yeah, early on,

Unknown Speaker  34:15
I see,

Matthias Miller  34:16
got boarded on, but yeah,

Speaker 1  34:20
well, this is all pretty new to me. I feel like, I mean, I've kind of learned a few of the little things here and there with this, but, yeah, I still definitely have a lot to learn. But this, I mean, this makes sense, as far as if you see, basically, if you see that something can be better, you can go in and just take it down the line and create what you want to create. Yeah, that makes sense. Well.

Matthias Miller  34:46
And it starts, all of this stuff starts with real world, like, what are the things it always starts with, what are the things that are knowing? What are the things that are wasting time? Yeah, and then, and then it's. Figuring out, like I said, I mean, it's just trans transiting that into instructions like, how do I identify when it needs to happen? And how do we then, you know, you know, define what needs to happen. Yeah. Like, and I think, I mean, even digging into some of these things could be interestingly. I mean, again, if you're looking to learn, digging into some of this, like there's a customer reply trigger where, if so, we use these auto created tags to track how contacts are created. So if we don't have any of these, and let's see then, then we add that it was auto created by the chat. Sorry, this is, this is specifically a chat, yeah, sorry if the customer replied through the chat widget, filter it down by reply channel that we then we can trigger that the originated. Then we tag it to flag it as being originated by chat. And we have those different types of sources. Same thing to I don't know where the drip campaign, maybe that's never been done,

Matthias Miller  36:32
that you can do the email marketing, so you need a way to enroll them. And that's probably a conversation for Eric at what, at what point and how you want to enroll them. Is it based on a certain stage, or a tag that you add or something? But then you can have marketing emails that go out

Unknown Speaker  36:55
just automatically, automatically,

Matthias Miller  36:57
like day one, they get something about, I don't know. I mean, you the very simple thing is, you know, address most common objections, or, you know, the most interesting things that people want to know. There are. You can, you can get super, super specific, depending on how much information you have about the we don't have a ton of information about the building that they were asking for, but you could take it all the way down to they were asking for this particular style of building, if we start pulling that information in, you could then customize the emails that they get based on what they were originally looking for, like you could do with it. But the main goal here, then would be, yeah, I mean, there you go once it's not worth Eric spending his time following up with them, put together emails,

Speaker 1  37:48
while still keeping the thing of like they're a valued customer without you having to Yeah, that makes sense. Yep. I

Matthias Miller  38:04
uh, the we've turned it off because it wasn't working. I think, think I know now, part of the reason why it was, was you need a all of these things, they need an End call action here at the end, after the voicemails.

Speaker 1  38:35
Is it after you, after you leave the voicemail, after

Matthias Miller  38:38
after the customer. There's an automation like, that's the way the phone menu works. So again, I'm far from this is this is far from your boss and not telling you to do this. But if you wanted to play around with getting the phone menu working, use a temporary number. Set this to a temporary phone number, and then start working tree and figuring out, piece by piece, what's going on. Like we had automation where idea was that, see, not sure why we did the current day of the week. That doesn't make sense to me. The idea was that if a contact is assigned to Eric, then don't even ask them. Just route them straight to

Speaker 1  39:35
Eric, yeah, takes out that middle person, yeah. That makes sense.

Matthias Miller  39:41
And then otherwise, you know, ask for, you know, for pull bonds. Press one, sales, press two, shape moves, deliveries, three, AP, four, something like that. Everything else, five or 000. Wow. And there were, there were issues with it. Um. This one actually keeps, I believe this one actually keeps running until you specifically tell it to end the call, which is why you need these end call actions at the end. So there were some people getting stuck on hold for forever, and nobody took the time to actually track down where they fell off the deep end and what they what needed to change.

Unknown Speaker  40:24
Oh, gotcha, yeah.

Matthias Miller  40:28
But then even on the sales end, somebody calls into sales, you can do a round robin on that one, and which is what we did. I mean, this is still with Caitlin bond here. So that would need to be changed, but you would actually be able to hit the silent. I

Matthias Miller  40:53
don't know if we could add, I don't know if you can add it to the anyway, but you could do a round robin, assign it to a salesperson, to the to a salesperson, and route it directly to that which you might actually want to do that, because I just want to bring words available, whatever. But anyway, it's all driven the same way.

Speaker 1  41:19
Yeah. Okay, this is definitely emails for

Matthias Miller  41:26
voicemails, and then this is the enrollment history that I was talking about. So you can see here, add it to the workflow. There's an internal notification that was sent. There was a task that got created, and then it was done.

Unknown Speaker  41:47
So, okay, yeah, that makes sense. We

Matthias Miller  42:12
let me, yeah, I'll choose the thing with the show that to be doing that.

Speaker 1  42:17
And, okay, yeah, I was trying to think if there was any other, any other things that, like me and Eric had talked about, as far as anything that was, like creating issues or anything. But I think the biggest thing was probably that new opportunities thing. But I think, yeah, it sounds like you can get that figured out, but

Matthias Miller  42:39
so, yeah, we talked about eon to go and I don't know again, this is, this is outside my jurisdiction. I don't know if you want to pick it up or not, but we had put together a master list that I can send over to you of CRM changes, and it, in my mind, the best way to the best way to go about it is, let's, I mean, that could be an interesting list to go through and see. Is there any of this stuff that's still a problem? And based off of that, let's pick off one or two, or let's, let's pick off a hand for everyone. And let's like, let's start working through the list, and let's start with the worst problems. First. Worst problems first, and work,

Unknown Speaker  43:26
yeah, slowly, just make it better. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  43:28
exactly. And then it basically broke down because we there were decisions that needed to be made, and it wasn't always, it wasn't always clear what needed to be done to win.

Matthias Miller  43:49
I think, I think it's, I mean, it would be very straightforward just to kind of like what Eric's doing. Here's the top two pain points, just having, in my opinion, having somebody who can project manage at least just a little bit if you have it on your, on your list, on a monthly basis, of like, here, what's the other Yeah, three more things that we can knock out.

Speaker 1  44:09
What's the most inconvenient? Yeah, yeah, no, that makes sense. Yeah. Send that list and I will, oh, yeah, there I see it came in. Yeah?

Unknown Speaker  44:27
Okay, yeah, I see.

Matthias Miller  44:46
This stuff is,

Matthias Miller  44:55
this one is, i. Movie.

Matthias Miller  45:06
This is not the right, not like this is the way it looks. Sharing another, but I'm going to share the one of the there's a link at the very top. That's actually the one that we want to be looking

Unknown Speaker  45:19
at. Oh, gotcha wait.

Unknown Speaker  45:35
Okay, so click on the one you just sent.

Unknown Speaker  45:38
Yeah, okay, oh, I see

Matthias Miller  45:56
two with the 911 fixes where we kind of put them theoretically, in theoretical order, um, ordering. I don't know how up to date this is.

Speaker 1  46:11
I actually, now that I see this, I and I have to double check with Eric if this is a fact that the other day there was a phone call that came in that I took and that they knew they wanted to talk to Eric, and he said that I can't transfer it directly to him, so I just told them that he would call them back. So I don't know if that's an issue again. I need to check with him and see if that was just a temporary something, or he couldn't take that. Or, sorry I'm sorry, did I click something? No, that's fine.

Matthias Miller  46:48
And that one, that one I don't understand, I think we can forward it to.

Speaker 1  46:57
So then, what's the what's the difference between? There's options for like, when you're on the phone, there's the options for like, what do they call it a Blind Transfer or a soft transfer.

Matthias Miller  47:12
A Blind Transfer is basically you send them straight over and, okay, soft trans self transfer is that you'll connect to the other person first, and you can privately update them on the situation. So, hey, I have an angry customer,

Speaker 1  47:35
sorry, Eric standing right here, and he asked if he should hop in on this.

Matthias Miller  47:41
I think I need to research Shut up stuff first before it's worth

Speaker 1  47:44
he said he thinks he needs to research some Shut up stuff before. Yeah, okay, all right, sorry. Back to that, the blind and soft transfer, you said. So the

Matthias Miller  47:55
soft transfer, I believe you want to test this before you do this. This was a real customer, but you transfer and you can, you can fill privately, fill them in on the details. I have a really angry who's on, you know, on the other line, do you have a few minutes to, you know, smooth things over. Here's the breakdown of what happened, yes or no. And if it's a yes, you can bring the customer on, and you can drop off. A blind transfer is basically just disconnect me and send it over. Gotcha.

Speaker 1  48:25
Okay, that makes sense. Yeah, I definitely need to try that before I actually do it with real customer. But, yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  48:32
yes, please.

Unknown Speaker  48:36
That makes sense. This

Matthias Miller  48:37
was slated for June, July and then stop it done. Let me check on the so the other thing to note is that I have, I have access to premium support on the go, high level side, and have had things escalated to the development team at various times. So if there are issues, like just for example, jumping back to these, this transfer issue, there's a there's a link there where you can vote for this feature. If you go into there, you'll see that it was marked as planned for there's a comment where it's marked as planned and should be coming around June or July. However,

Matthias Miller  49:32
there's so I I'm pinging the support team to find out where this is at, because we're in October, and it obviously hasn't happened. Yeah, I can't change the timeline, but some of this stuff, if you need, if there's information, things that aren't working, information you don't have good I've got access to their teams to be able to find out what's going on.

Speaker 1  49:57
Okay, gotcha. That makes sense. Okay, yeah, let me I will kind of go over this and just kind of understand it and just learn, I guess, because I feel like there's because I'm still very new to this, I look at this and I it'll take me a second to actually understand what is being said and what is and so, yeah, I will kind of go through this and then, yeah, just kind of, if I see something that I feel like could be, yeah, I don't know. I feel like that's what Eric's been like me is like, you see something that can be more efficient, like, that's what we want, that's what we want to do, that's what we want to work on. So, yeah, cool. All right, was there anything else that he had kind of wanted

Matthias Miller  50:48
he had, he had mentioned something to me about a Google Maps link from the contact page. So okay, it's gonna be a little bit more work for me, and there's no point dragging you through the wings of doing that, but that's something I'm gonna take a look at doing as well.

Speaker 1  51:02
Okay, as well. Okay, yeah, and I can see how that would be helpful. Very much. So

Matthias Miller  51:12
that could actually be done through an automation. Let's try it, because that would simplify all kinds of things. Is

Speaker 1  51:29
that right for you to go back to where I can see what you're doing so I can, yep,

Matthias Miller  51:34
share my screen, learn. Okay, so let's do, um, so

Matthias Miller  51:56
we're going to create a workflow and actually hang on. First thing we're gonna have to do, let's do this. So he says, you might not like it, but it's an inexpensive way to get what he's asking for.

Matthias Miller  52:22
So I can put this in the context. Well, let's make sure that's actually right as well.

Matthias Miller  52:40
Contact section, section, yes. So we're going to add a custom field called Google Maps link, and we'll see it right here. Then we're going to add automation where contact changed.

Matthias Miller  53:12
Contact field. Oh, hang on. I

Matthias Miller  53:28
I need to refresh this so that can see the new field that I added. See if we can use this note update contact field, maps, link and what.

Matthias Miller  54:10
So we're going to do that, then we're going to put in the contact. Let's see full address.

Speaker 1  54:21
Oh, nice. So once their full address and everything is in there, you'll have a direct link to click on it, bring it up, see exactly where it is.

Matthias Miller  54:31
And we should actually do this just so that this might be isn't that strictly necessary? But if full address is not empty, then we'll set the Google Maps link. Else we are going to blank out the Google Maps link. Um, open a space in there, because it won't let me update from contact scene, because it could cause loops.

Matthias Miller  55:21
Well, okay, so let's do A let's do like this.

Matthias Miller  56:00
Well, okay, well, let's do this. I can't do it like this.

Matthias Miller  56:16
We're going to move this guy up here. We're going to delete this, because we can't do this. So if the contact changed and the Google Maps link, no, never mind. I did want that. I'm

Matthias Miller  56:44
I'll see where I saved it last.

Matthias Miller  56:56
If the street address has changed, if the city has changed, if the state has state has changed, postal code has changed, and if the or if the

Matthias Miller  57:21
country has changed, which shouldn't happen, but There you go.

Matthias Miller  57:45
Use custom field.

Matthias Miller  58:08
It's not a custom field, all right? Well, let's build it out like it actually goes city. State,

Unknown Speaker  58:29
I'm still code and

Matthias Miller  58:36
the entry exchange, then let's go back to our if else condition, because we can actually do this. Okay. So the reason why you need to do that is because if you just always run it every time the content changes, then when you update the link, then it'll see the contract change, the contact changed, and then I'll update the link again, and it'll keep going forever, because

Unknown Speaker  59:02
doesn't okay.

Matthias Miller  59:06
So sometimes you have to be, or you do have to be very literal about some of these behaviors. Okay? So then we're going to set the Google Apps link again, here again, all right, and then otherwise, we're going to update the content field apps link to this.

Matthias Miller  59:52
And I don't understand this error, it's not an issue. So let's go back to contacts. Yes and filter where.

Matthias Miller  1:00:21
Just Add a space hit save.

Matthias Miller  1:00:42
We so we might need to probably end up needing this with these multiple triggers, one for each one.

Matthias Miller  1:00:57
So we have street city, a

Matthias Miller  1:01:12
state changed state as

Matthias Miller  1:01:33
it's And again, not that it really matters, but

Speaker 1  1:01:41
country, country? Yeah. So, if any, yeah. So either of those. So when you say when the contact changed, is it even so, like when, when a contact is created, we don't always have their full address right away, where you don't have any part of it. So when you say has changed, is it even as like once, once we input an address, does that include or will you have to go change it again? Or as soon as it's put in there, it'll automatically have the

Matthias Miller  1:02:16
link, yeah, if you create it in if you create it with an address, should run right away. Okay, even think about that. We might actually, it might actually be that we want to it doesn't hurt contact created. Run it every time it's created, if it changes after that. So you go, put in an address, and then save, trigger any one of those, and then go update the

Speaker 1  1:02:44
Okay, so there you just created one words, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:02:48
based on creation, yes, if somebody creates it with with one in there, yeah, that makes sense. All right, so that's yeah. Here we go. This one.

Matthias Miller  1:03:09
Add it to the workflow, update the contact field says it did. I

Matthias Miller  1:03:24
which field addresses?

Matthias Miller  1:03:37
Full address is empty. Well right? Because the state is not filled in all right, let's do this. You're going to just run off of

Unknown Speaker  1:04:00
street address

Matthias Miller  1:04:05
I just won. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:07
that makes sense.

Matthias Miller  1:04:11
And actually,

Unknown Speaker  1:04:45
let's change again,

Matthias Miller  1:04:51
and we refresh.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:57
Hey, there it is. There. It is, that's cool.

Matthias Miller  1:05:04
And, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:05:08
wow, yeah, that's really convenient. You can just pull up see exactly where it's going, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:05:14
and then, theoretically, I'm going to say this in my clipboard so that we can put it back. But theoretically, if we do that, it should blank out back in

Speaker 1  1:05:32
wow, that's cool. That's cool. Eric will appreciate that for sure. All right. Well, thank you very much for all this information. I will try to process it all and make sense of it. But no, I mean, yeah, I think it'll be, yeah, I got some stuff to learn, but this is a good starting point. So thank you very much. Yeah, there's ever anything else that you think might be good for me to know? Just send me an email and I can take a look at it. But, yeah, that's good. Okay, will do I don't know. Be careful how you say that, because I might be hollering a lot, but

Matthias Miller  1:06:25
too much. There's a lot of information you can find online, if you as well.

Unknown Speaker  1:06:30
So, yeah, I saw you chat GPT, a lot of things.

Matthias Miller  1:06:35
Perplexity, I use perplexity a lot, really good tool

Speaker 1  1:06:40
to use. Okay, yeah, I will look into that. Okay. Well, thank you very much. I appreciate it. If there's nothing else, I should probably get back to my normal day job right now. So, yeah, thank you.

Matthias Miller  1:06:54
Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai