Unknown Speaker  00:47
Ben Amos ice

Speaker 1  02:14
right you know Drew's gonna be joining us today or is it just us

Unknown Speaker  02:21
I do not I

Speaker 2  02:30
what do you have over the day depending on what it is I mean I think the payroll or the employee formation needed for the import sounds like that's pretty much been explained back and forth in emails right there's probably no need for him to jump on for that

Unknown Speaker  02:58
sorry which piece was that

Speaker 2  03:01
on the email if you were exchanging on the fields require that one time import for the employee the bank employee banking information

Matthias Miller  03:18
yeah I think that's right but I was not aware until just now that we need to be able to split split how does the yes split into multiple accounts

Speaker 2  03:36
I hadn't given that a thought either. There was Aaron here to incite us to do the same thing where he wanted a certain amount of every paycheck paid to his savings account and then the rest to banking that's does that add a lot of complexity

Matthias Miller  04:06
Well, I mean I would say a bit respectively I mean, is it do you have anything any idea how that space is it is it there's a certain amount that goes into his prime it's just a per weekly this much goes into the fixed amount goes into the into the earth by percentages or by

Speaker 2  04:29
his words by by dollar amount. Now I don't know anybody doing by percentage or not?

Unknown Speaker  04:44
I can, we can find out.

Matthias Miller  04:49
And is he the only one who was doing it?

Speaker 2  04:54
No. Well, I saw on through his email and I think that's where that comes from. That's it have like an employee or two at shed time was doing that so I'm not

Unknown Speaker  05:17
it looks like maybe only one person was

Speaker 2  05:27
that it looks like Orla Fyodor was expected that's what that 6605 was.

Matthias Miller  05:37
Well, I've got an idea. It might not be. This is a let's make it work for a few people. And I'm not sure where this is going to get us into that one that's not going to work because of Oh, goodness.

Speaker 2  06:10
What is the challenge? Is it is it with? I'm assuming it's not so much as we do percentage or fixed amount, but building for different destination accounts.

Matthias Miller  06:27
That's right. And currently, we have an assumption that there's one, one bank account per contact. I don't know that we we particularly want to break that assumption. I don't know, maybe we do. So maybe it's a field for a secondary account for payroll that we have and then and then some kind of way to specify who goes what, who goes what, sorry, what goes where? Is it a percentage split? Or is it a fixed amount into savings? Or is it a fixed or into the secondary account? Or is it a fixed amount into the primary account? And I'm assuming if I mean, the easiest answer is if we have been doing a fixed amount goes into the primary and everything above that goes into the secondary, then that requires the least negotiation if that's how you want it to keep working

Speaker 2  07:41
well let me find out I should be able to give an answer

Matthias Miller  08:00
there's also a possibility that what we could do

Matthias Miller  08:10
Yeah, that's probably the it's probably best to do it right. It's gonna say maybe we can finagle something with with the deduction or bonus room, you know, I don't know but

Speaker 2  08:33
I can push to try and get an answer this afternoon on

Speaker 2  08:44
what employees they currently have that each company has that are currently doing splits and how they're splitting and then yeah

Speaker 2  08:57
is that but the idea would be to just I guess then at that point, we yeah, we'll know what we're dealing with. Right.

Unknown Speaker  09:11
Right. Yeah.

Speaker 2  09:23
Oh, back to your question. I mean, if there's something that it would we were it would be helpful for Drew to be on I'll reach out to him if not, I don't

Matthias Miller  09:36
know I don't think so. Let's my buying proposal is that we run through the project update and there's probably some things are there may be some Well, yeah, let's go through the project update and get updated on where things are at. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  09:58
I'm talking about the pay arrows project or what?

Matthias Miller  10:03
Yes, the payroll project in particular. So I got an email this morning, sort of taking a look at that downloaded a backup from last night so that I could play around with it my computer and make changes. And I think basically, what we're saying is that I think we kind of have this weird land with things, places like whitetail run where they don't really, they don't have a pool. And so we just pay whatever we pay the employees. And so the it's a case where the pool technically is that effectively the pool is 0%. And, but we always pay our production employees, pool wages, even if it exceeds the pool amount. But nobody ever gets any bonuses, something something like that. Is that about the right way to think about it?

Unknown Speaker  11:01
Is Yeah.

Matthias Miller  11:06
So I need to take a look at I started taking a look and just ran out of time.

Speaker 2  11:13
It's I was a little concerned that I'm not just adding layers of complexity to it. But it's, I mean, that basically for these types of what we call them, but like why to run and Jerry stone structures, were just saying the owner payout, the owner payout is 15%, or whatever the percentage is, less whatever he pays, boys for production. So the more efficient is that whatever the gap is between employee payroll and his end, it just is what he gets. It did. Did it make sense? Where I would have I said, What did I say it to calculate balance to disperse? Or if we go to the employee, employee breakdown, if we always just take that total, in this case 4218 and subtract that from the owner as well that kid is in trouble somewhere is that too simplistic? Without thinking through the details, deeply, like that would work perfectly for this example, but

Matthias Miller  12:36
I think it's fine. And the trick is, I mean, the this is one of those cases where the machine's not working and somebody comes in, taps a hammer and fixes it and you know, invoices for $999 and well $4,000 And they asked for the itemized detail and it's $1 to swing the hammer and $999 to know where to hit not not exact numbers obviously but it's a bit of a yes this sounds like a simple fix and then a we do need to make sure that we're not there's not unintended negative consequences by by doing this

Speaker 2  13:21
well if you if you need me to look at more examples like look at Jerry stone structures as well and and detail that out I mean if that were helpful I can do that look at you know, maybe another weeks worth like the prior week just to make if that were helpful to make sure we don't have unintended consequences but if you feel like you have everything you need then

Matthias Miller  13:49
I think what am I do is make the change and take a look at a few places and then throw it back over to you and if you'd want to look over various various historical payroll just to make sure from your perspective, I think that would be I think that would do the trick. Yeah.

Speaker 2  14:16
Yeah, so next step is okay perfect

Matthias Miller  14:24
um, gusto. I put the other payroll issue in front of this one but this is next on my list to check into gusto see what what they actually mean

Matthias Miller  14:42
drew are at number two number three. Drew's due to that today. Well, at least some of that today. I'm guessing there's more coming and then the This will import service some issues with the second secondary payment split. But we can at least get the primary information and functionality for default GL accounts. Should there's update over the weekend. And let me just make sure that this is all good to go. But yeah, that is in Drew's court now to enter it or Yeah, that's done number six that's in your court compiling that number seven Drew's cord to enter them eight euro cord for the pay stub nine my cord blocking on number eight and then see the rest of the stuff is just you and you in Drew and nailing the stuff? Yes, the pieces down?

Unknown Speaker  16:04
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  16:16
What else? Do you have anything else on your list? Um, let me

Matthias Miller  16:29
as far as the project in general just are just on my list to discuss

Unknown Speaker  16:34
on your list to discuss on other projects.

Matthias Miller  16:40
Not really, I kind of feel like I'm in a case of I was going through a bunch of the stuff that we've got outlined with otter this morning, I kind of feel like I've got more than my share of backlog of things that need to be designed and get off of top center, especially in the AR side of things. But I don't think there's anything at this point that I need from you.

Unknown Speaker  17:07
Too, two things I have I started on Saturday working on a laying out how that how we tie together raw materials like the IMS side and

Speaker 2  17:25
account accounting. And I once I have that, I'll send it to you. I don't think there's going to be any developments. But okay, we could add additional functionality that would make it easier, but I think it's mainly just to you and I just understanding how we will basically reconcile accounting with IMS at the end of every month when we do account. And I think that

Unknown Speaker  17:55
it's pretty straightforward there. And then the other thing that who is may have already sent is, but he's going to be working on it. And we should have a question for you on financial reports. Some of the

Speaker 2  18:16
all there's there's a number of things that druid asked for them some time ago already, some totaling of like sub accounts, and basically making the financial reports prettier and easier to understand more more understandable. The question I have for you is my assumption is that that is encode crafters court to make would be to make those changes. And question to you is do they have like, is there a capacity there if we outline what we're looking for?

Matthias Miller  18:59
Yes, probably Yeah. Broadly speaking. Yes. There. There was one that we had under the called better a better sections on accounting statements that I don't know if it had anything with totaling but but the at least had some changes to reporting that you were looking for. But as far as I know,

Speaker 2  19:30
and that was a that was a change. Did you push out V on September 30. Right to focus on other more important things.

Matthias Miller  19:43
Correct. We said I think we said because we're in the middle of cash flow forecasts we're going to work on or the cash flow reports. We're going to work on those first. And and we also have a beta version or two, we'll call it an alpha version of the reconciliation. Which we also bumped to the front of the line.

Unknown Speaker  20:26
Yeah.

Speaker 2  20:34
But so I told him just get lemonade discussed, you know what we're wanting to see in the end and just I said, put that together and just send it off to you again, then you can? I don't know, I mean, is it going? Well, you can tell us that and push back if you if that ties up a lot of your design time or not?

Unknown Speaker  20:52
Yep. Sounds good. Good. Well.

Speaker 2  21:00
Yeah, that's all I have as well, for now. Not sure. It seems like our phone calls are getting shorter. I don't know. Is that because most of the work is done? Or is it because we're becoming more effective and more efficient or effective?

Matthias Miller  21:16
Well, let's I think both of those are actually happening. Obviously, we're getting a lot done. And I do think we're getting much more effective with things.

Matthias Miller  21:36
And there's also I think, a bit of, I've been pushing some of the design off, I've been doing more design times solo, rather than strictly doing it on calls as well. So. And part of that has come down to pushing business business requirements off the call as well. So I think all of that has contributed.

Speaker 2  22:07
What do you mean by pushing business requirements off? You're saying work that

Matthias Miller  22:19
there would have been a time like on this, let's pick the secondary payroll account as an option or split, split net payments, there would have been a time in the past where we would have tried to wrangle through what we think we need or what we don't. And instead, we're just calling quits on it putting in your core, you go have those conversations, figure out what the actual business requirements are, and then bring it back to me. And then we design from that design, and we're negotiating that. So yeah.

Speaker 2  22:52
Yeah. We've, we've burned up a lot of time and in theories and talking and negotiating, especially early on. Yeah. Good. Well, I will. Yeah, that's all I had, I'll get to work. And you try and get an answer for you this afternoon, if at all possible on that split payroll accounts and talk actually, the for Wednesday, Drew's coming in later, I think 11 or 12. So I'd say if we have Why don't we leave that 10 o'clock open? If you and I have something to cover, we do that? If not, we'll just skip that and do the one instead. Okay. Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  23:47
Thanks for that. You bet. Thanks, Mark.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai