Matthias Miller  00:00
The star. Principal takeaways, because I'm on the road, number one the if you are a dog, either get cash or get out. It's always drive to number one position if you're a star. So the basic premise is, if you have a question mark secured number one position, make it a star and drive it until it becomes a until it becomes a cash cow. Maintain only as much cash in the cash cow as you need to maintain your number one position, your mark position, and use that to invest in the question marks. Take them to stars and the only investment criteria, really is invest in stars and stars only. Make stars, build stars. And build stars only. It's only about Star businesses. That's it. And second of all, kind of a follow up to that is I

Matthias Miller  01:04
a greed. We talked about ambition, and now we're talking about greed a healthy amount of well, let me, let me defend it from this case, which is Elon Musk has talked about the friends that he's got who sold their companies and now they're retiring on a beach. They really have not no interest in doing anything more. Elon is driving forward. I think in order to drive forward, you have to have some level of greed, if you can get past negative connotations. You have to want to have the money. You need to have a reason to have it. You need to kind of, you know, in some sense, demand of the world for you to have it. And it's getting quite philosophical here, but it's up to each person to justify, justify that if it needs to be justified, or to find a way not to need to justify it. I think the way you avoid needing to justify it is just saying that if it's true that money actually follows value, then then pursuing you'll always end up in a short game pursuing money outside of value, and if you pursue the creation of extreme value through stars, you'll be extraordinarily wealthy. And if you just don't take your foot off the gas pedal, it will be fantastic for you and fantastic for everybody who ends up working for you, and the people who and all the people around you. And so the best possible thing you can do is become incredibly wealthy by creating stars. And it will create a rising tide rises all ships. However, the same goes. So two takeaways.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai