Speaker 1  00:00
Don't have all right. So what day is it? Matthias, oh, it's April 24 2020, Thursday, April 24 2025, at 12:44pm, because we know you care about that vivid and we're outside in Naperville with Ron Wilder, Vivian hurt and Matthias Miller. So I spent the last hour talking to chat GPT. I was telling you how there's an 8020 and I picked out what 20% of sessions do I need to skip. And so I chose those beforehand. And when Ron, when you were up, I was like, this can be a GPT. Like, do all the, do all the walk through the core exercise, yeah. And then also, like, continue, continue to take step questions. Back to the core, the core, the core, the core. So that's what I was doing. And so one of the one of the places where I felt the most groundedness has been in this intersection between software development and and systems engineering and business and organization, because they're both systems. They both work the same way. The rules translate and like, it's just you need to have knowledge of how systems work over here, and then you can apply that to organizations over here. So that's been, that's been one of the places, one of the topics where I felt most, most grounded, when Perry when, when Perry's webinar was, my webinar with Perry was coming up. I was like, Well, what do I do? All kinds of the rational answers I could do. I did. I've done some what I call sanctuary sessions, 100 proof you stuff that wasn't that wasn't it. I could have done some tech stuff that wasn't it and I started working on, I had already drafted an outline for a book called frictionless teams about creating external alignment with the market, internal alignment, vertically and horizontally, interdepartmental and up and down, and then also personal alignment within myself and like All the way from, from, I mean, integrating cognitive, cognitive spiritual, like, there's this whole kind of mini framework within that. And so frictionless teams, then was the topic to for the for the webinar. So I was chatting with chat with my core GPT about this and this whole the systems engineering felt really, really strong. And then the question was, well, where does frictionless teams come in? I felt like the systems is the doorway for the systems people. Frictionless teams is the doorway for the people, people. But it felt like there was a third piece. And so I've been processing the last piece, like, what is this third piece? But this is supposed to be a trifecta. And when Vivian was talking yesterday about the roots, there's two things that really surfaced. One was systems are a root, but there's also this unconditional love. And like, I found myself drifting from giving memos to I just want to be present with people and to love them and to see them and learn to be and learn to express and let the emotion like, let all of that just flow. And so the third piece, the thing that surf, that's that surfaced, which I just kind of as I was walking up, was like wrapping up the last pieces is heart and hands, the powerful presence of a leader whose heart can feel the hug and and that's like, the third piece of like, straight up. There's no business agenda on it. There's no, there's no. This is how you retain people. Because I played with that. I was like, well, this drives your attention, but no, like, there's no, there's not to be a business agenda on top of it. It's just the powerful presence of a leader whose heart can feel the hug. And then, and, yeah, there's a ripple effect. People don't good, people don't the right people don't leave cultures like that. But then that's the that is that felt like the third kind of like of the trifecta. And so now I have this, and literally, within two months, I can pull all of my written materials together, and I can draft mini booklets for each of these pulling in client stories and other things like that.

Speaker 2  04:09
Can I share what I'm hearing? Go for it. I'm hearing the Miller series. Remember we played around with Miller Lite?

Unknown Speaker  04:20
Remember Miller time. So call it

Speaker 2  04:22
the Miller Light series. I mean everybody that drinks are gonna want it like, what is this business man, this business guru? What is this Miller Light series? So that's what I hear. And I hear a series. Because when I heard many books, I heard many series, and when you deal with many series, the communication piece of it can be massive. It can be a production, it can be audio, it can be visual, where the Miller series are just senior scenic views of love and what's light? Because when I think of Miller, light, I'm not seeing L, I T, E, I'm seeing L, I G, H, T, and it's light coming from Matthias Miller. And so that that could be anything, I mean, whatever you want to produce. It's, it's laced in light. Now I want to share some with you, and I have to find it. But Holy Spirit had me in the middle of you deal with the systems people. Vivian, you deal with the non systems people. And I wanted to pull my notes to tell you again, this is my on the money man right here, because you always show up to confirm something with that. You're my giant confirmation. You're my warm and fuzzy confirmation. Like you're not saying, I got something to confirm. You just say, hey, Viv that's why. And I always say, what are you working on? Matthias, and so you're my work in progress. You represent the work side of Vivian, where you can your systemic way of doing things, and say, VIB, I can make that into a system like good, because this is what I got. I don't have bells and whistles. I don't have this and that however you are, the system's man. And then on this side of the whatever ledger or cavern, or whatever that thing is in the middle. Here's my people, here's my warm side, and here's my fuzzy side, where it'll be tactile, there'll be the touch, there'll be the person, there'll be the being. And hey, let's do it. There it is. In a nutshell, your three, your two buddies sitting here. The third buddy comes in. The third root comes in. All of a sudden, we're bearing fruit. What? Yeah, yeah, it's that simple. Matthias, it's that simple. And you reminded me that I needed to be grounded, because, of course, we're talking about the core. However, Holy Spirit, said to me, vivid, wherever there's dirt, take those shoes on and get to walking, because you haven't done that. And so your healing is already in the earth, and it's free. Vivid, just walk. So I'm sending you because I wanted sun, my free vitamin d3, yeah. And I said, Okay. I said, Kelly, I'm rolling up, rolling up my sleeves, not because we're about to go to battle. I need the sun. I should have worn my shorts. I should have worn my skirt, and I would have just brought it as far as I could without being indecent and getting sun and parts that I needed them. Matthias, so it's all in the process. It's all in the living. It's

Speaker 3  07:37
all in the living. So what I heard from that, you know, we had a conversation at lunch yesterday, and when you described the business systems when you were before you took meld where it melds with organizations. And that's a very compelling business problem, because that's where things break like at the at the edge of those where those intersect, is where organizations break down. So if you could walk into an organization and say, Look, your real problem, yeah, you need a system and but an organization, but the real problem that you're going to have if you don't address is the constraint right at the boundary of the boundary, right? And if you don't have a way to address that, then you know, I can help you address that. Now, here's what, here's what. This conversation today takes that to a whole new level, because you could do that, and you're you were then positioned as a business consultant that solves a specific problem. Nothing wrong with that. Yeah, you probably make a lot of money doing that, and but you have a, now a distinct client selection opportunity, which is the first the first scenario is you could sell that business to anybody that has the business, business problem, right? But what really is going to be fulfilling for you is to sell that to that leader. You're not looking for a business that has a problem. You're looking for that leader who wants to lead in a different way. Yeah, and you want to say that person, you are the person who has that kind of heart, yeah? And you want to build a different kind of culture, and that culture has to deliver, yeah, it has to deliver an actual value in the marketplace. But you can, you know, in your heart, you can do it in a different way than the conventional business way. I will help. I will be your partner to do that, to create that with you. Yep, that's what your positioning is. Now it's a very different thing. Do you understand? And let me, let me

Speaker 2  09:28
see if I hold that thought, let me call Stephanie, because I gotta ask her a question, and I hope she picks something, and I want it recorded what she says. I think

Unknown Speaker  09:42
there's Hey,

Speaker 2  09:44
Sam, what was the last thing I wrote down that you and I were before we left to go get our things that we were, yes, I wrote it on the paper. You gotta, we gotta look at the paper because I don't. I said, are you in the room? Are you in lunch? I'm sitting out here talking to Tanner. Okay, I wrote down, we're business consultants, right? Thank you, Ma'am, are you coming to eat? Yes. Ma'am, okay, bye, bye, bye, bye bye. I said, stop. This is what we are. That was the last thing I wrote. And again, confirm, may shine. Confirm,

Speaker 1  10:33
the way I'm hearing it is there's a leader. Yes, I want my heart is telling me to lead in this way, yeah, but I can't lead. You can't lead with that or not. Sorry, you can't. You can't go into an organization to say, Love is the answer, and that's gonna win, win the day and seal the deal. So here's my promise to you, leader, we can, we can solve this, this business problem, of this intersection where this stuff exists and this will be, this is the tip of the spear that's going to go in. And simultaneously, I'm going to be working with you, and we're going to cultivate this culture of love that flows behind it, knowing, being known, all this stuff, presence, art, everything. And it's going to infiltrate the culture. And it's going to be, and it's a Trojan horse, really.

Speaker 2  11:19
That's your fair just the way you said it. Because you know what? I could get that Matthias, if you come like let's say I was a fortune 500 company or a fortune 300 whatever. If you came in and you said it like that, I said, Okay, let's meet. Let me look at my calendar. Now you can go into the details. We're talking about elevator speech. We don't want them to have the details. You have the details. They need to have a consultation session with you, and you need to say what you want in the door. May I see your A, your B, your C and your D. They come to the meeting. We don't move this meeting forward, because if I let you see my a, my B, my C and my D, I want you. So if they're not, if they're not engaging with that elevator speech, they're not the one. Next elevator speech, next elevator speech, next. And then those that are buying say, hey, Matthias, When can we meet? And you'll say, Okay, what time do you have? And then they say, I got this. You say, Well, I got 15 minutes on that day. You don't give them 30. You don't give them 40. You give them 15 or 10. I got 10 minutes because I've got something else going on in that community. I'll see you and for 10 minutes. And when they say, Wait, we need to meet. And you say, Okay, well, I gave you the menu of things that I do. This is the cost, the cost the next meeting. We have that third meeting. You gotta pay my my information is that value. It's that valuable. Not no 10 meetings. It's if I give you the elevator speech and you're not interested next elevator speech. Next. This is a day I'm doing elevated speeches all day. I'm not concerned with nobody. Blah, blah, blah, I'm gonna do three elevator speech days a week. Now. You filling up your calendar. Okay? 10 minutes, that's all they get. Matthias, they don't get 30 minutes. They don't get 20 minutes. 10 minutes. Hey, I gotta go. I got a heart stop at 1050, 1049, you out the door. Okay? Matthias, when should we do our first consultation? Okay, give me a call. You ain't thirsty. They need to be thirsty. Yeah, yeah. And then I clock you upside the head if you sit in there for longer than 10 minutes, even if you say, oh, you know what, I your alarm need to go off and you go out and go, whoo. Thank you, Lord. I think

Speaker 3  13:41
there are leaders out there too that want to lead this way. They have the capability. They just are alone in that fight, yeah, because the conventional business world is so masculine, dominant, aggressive energy, yeah. And so you still have to deliver that right? But I mean, my brother is a chef, and he went to food.

Speaker 2  13:59
Let's go eat. Yes, speaking of chefs, speaking of Chef, that was the cue where I'm gonna throw this on the cart.

Speaker 3  14:08
My brother as a chef and but he went to work for us foods, which is a major food distributor. You spy from them. And he had, during COVID, he had a team of 11 sales reps that reported to him as a district manager, and this was during the worst restaurant downturn in history.

Unknown Speaker  14:24
You guys want this bench we're leaving outperformed

Speaker 3  14:27
anybody in the whole region. He had the best performance of anybody. And so at one point, the corporate leaders came in, and they're like, We want to understand how you were hitting these KPIs so that we can roll this out to the whole entire company. We want to understand what you did. Understand what you did. And he basically said, have 11 individuals on my team. Every single one of them had unique challenges. I talked to them, I listened to them, and I helped them. That's what I did. Yeah, but how do we roll this out into a program? Does that one okay? Angel,

Unknown Speaker  15:04
yeah, okay. I don't know if

Unknown Speaker  15:06
there's a room in there now, But

Unknown Speaker  15:20
shit just find like two or three People

Speaker 1  15:37
and I don't know if there's enough

Unknown Speaker  15:57
COVID. Community.

Unknown Speaker  16:08
I don't if it will

Speaker 4  16:09
be a little bit longer, but I don't know it's a story you guys

Unknown Speaker  16:22
want. Her, You won't tear it. I

Unknown Speaker  17:17
all right? You?

Unknown Speaker  17:20
Opportunity for you,

Unknown Speaker  17:40
record. The last thing Before

Speaker 5  18:20
walk. Yes, up. I always you.

Speaker 1  19:10
Family is okay in that from that area, but it's been a while, okay, yeah, live in the States. Yeah.

Speaker 1  19:23
Time, awesome. Thanks, appreciate. Appreciate it. I'll pass but I appreciate it. Remind me what you Your name's super familiar. Remind what you

Speaker 6  19:41
do. I Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  19:48
okay, were you at a were we at a one day together?

Unknown Speaker  19:52
Maybe not. No, okay, fair enough.

Speaker 7  19:59
We spoke originally, you were looking at a couple of ways to stay in the area of work and to expand potentially. So what's changed since? Nothing really,

Unknown Speaker  20:13
I still do, but not really the same target, anything?

Unknown Speaker  20:31
Got the IP right there? Well, that's, that's what I'm trying

Unknown Speaker  20:40
to that's what

Unknown Speaker  20:44
I'm trying to

Unknown Speaker  20:51
process, because the hedges is,

Speaker 7  20:54
see hedges? Well, is it only Florida? I hear, are you limiting to view also.

Unknown Speaker  21:12
That's true. Also,

Speaker 6  21:17
The time, time, the people started. and I went online, I saw I was raping. and I saw websites. I mean, let

Unknown Speaker  21:51
when I started. So, anyway, but so I started to make a Living, and then

Unknown Speaker  22:21
lifestyle would be on so

Unknown Speaker  22:42
that what do you do? I'm doing

Speaker 1  22:50
business consulting in the shed industry. Factor in the shed, shed industry, storage sheds.

Speaker 7  22:57
Business consult. So for any businesses that build checks,

Unknown Speaker  23:08
corrects for

Unknown Speaker  23:15
storage, yeah, those are common. Tiny home shells are common, but there's typically a distinct line between tiny home shells and the actual tiny home manufacturers.

Speaker 1  23:35
Depends. Basically, it depends on access, right? So pre fabrication is cheat is, is less expensive, and so if you have access, or you can easily create access, like take down two sections of your fence or something, then great. If not, then yes, it needs to be built on site. Yeah, that happens.

Unknown Speaker  24:00
Yep, yeah. Like establishing that in

Speaker 6  24:05
our house, it's not a large lot, and the footage is like just under 1800s in the back of the house. They but with AC, yep, not

Unknown Speaker  24:37
getting a permit, yeah, and then 14th grade

Speaker 6  24:42
for now we have, now we have an additional one. Because, I mean, if you're going to do that process, it'll take you two years, and you're not, you're not really adding so this, this is the house, out there. You can access the house by the side. Yeah, Miami is a big, big market. There's, I see they have lots Florida. Florida is a

Speaker 1  25:17
Florida was one of the we did some minimal market research, but Florida was, you know, I mean, there's, there's, like, the eastern states, Ohio, Pennsylvania, like, kind of the Amish hub plays into it a bit, Virginia, North Carolina. But Florida was a close second. Texas, obviously, is a big enough place. It's got a lot of, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  25:45
interesting potential.

Speaker 6  25:52
I mean, if you're in my neck of the woods where I can, oh, yeah, listen, you walk into, you walk into a person's house, they need everything.

Unknown Speaker  26:03
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  26:10
we're talking to their

Speaker 1  26:20
dude. Just find a good manufacturer. Sign up as a dealer, and you get 10% of anything you sell. And you don't have to be on the lot. You don't have to you just sell it to your private customers. Only allow

Unknown Speaker  26:40
possibility.

Unknown Speaker  26:49
Because, right,

Speaker 1  26:54
not, not typically, no, I mean, it's right. And there's some like campgrounds and like people who have multiple properties, or, I don't know there's some bulk orders, but it's not every 10 years, 15 years for other

Unknown Speaker  27:13
parts, and what

Speaker 7  27:15
I do is one it,

Speaker 6  27:22
along with the

Speaker 1  27:35
hedge installation, beans. I don't tell people, so I don't make more money. Yeah, exactly.

Speaker 6  27:50
In my past life, I'm a video producer. So in my past life, I used to sell many corporate videos. Imagine selling the village system. You got a pitch, and it's ideas my way through online marketing, affiliate marketing, and then the business, this business, right? That's it today. A

Speaker 1  28:32
good recurring business model, like, let me show up every spring, get cleaned up, whatever, find a young guy who wants to make a Bucha.

Unknown Speaker  28:48
Bucha being

Unknown Speaker  28:52
so much better, exactly,

Speaker 6  29:01
everybody that has a everybody, you know that there are certain spies very well with the rash, with the sauce, and so that happens to most of our so basically, you can go in and treat The toxins, or you want to do it chemical, now you're adding chemical. Now, it's different business, you know. And then all of a sudden they sue you, because not only stop hedges you lost, so you have to see what you're doing, but

Unknown Speaker  29:36
and then they come out of the top stores.

Unknown Speaker  29:40
I have the key edges messed up in certain spots because it was a construction

Speaker 5  29:52
site, because it's like, I think

Unknown Speaker  29:55
it's called remediation. You organic.

Unknown Speaker  30:09
While we're working on the shrubs,

Unknown Speaker  30:12
you have

Speaker 1  30:17
your little checklist when you're coming back to trim, like, oh, by the way, I noticed this. It's like taking your car to the mechanic. You're taking your yard to the mechanic, and he's finding all

Unknown Speaker  30:29
the problems health checks, right? That's what

Speaker 7  30:37
HVAC companies really nicely to get. So I come and check second place, so I come and check out so it

Unknown Speaker  30:47
doesn't fail, right? A referral system,

Unknown Speaker  30:53
you're happy with your hands.

Speaker 6  30:56
Any referrals, every you know, and everyone that works out, I'll sell you most if you trade more, or I'll sell you whatever planetary you get a holiday or you want, if you're

Speaker 7  31:11
selling the maintenance, I've offered the referral every referral, but maybe you don't Do it yet, everyone, right? I think

Speaker 6  31:32
it would be around top soil remediation, something like, very organic that's like, once you couldn't say that

Unknown Speaker  31:42
well, and

Speaker 1  31:44
then you can also position it as being chemical free and good for the environment. I

Unknown Speaker  31:49
haven't heard that. I have to do the

Unknown Speaker  31:57
math, but 90

Speaker 6  32:02
How much is that increase in multiply that, what's the how much

Unknown Speaker  32:13
you're actually Adding? You're actually

Unknown Speaker  32:16
adding, I love that greenery, right? Okay,

Unknown Speaker  32:42
are so

Speaker 1  32:56
that can be your 2q 2p if this, then that, then my consequences. I'm going to go skinny dipping in the backyard. I dipping in

Unknown Speaker  33:09
your backyard

Unknown Speaker  33:12
because you're

Speaker 6  33:21
not so you're not I'm not selling clients. Yeah, privacy, right that? No, no, no. Privacy gives you freedom to skin.

Speaker 8  33:33
Focus on the freedom I like.

Unknown Speaker  33:52
I know why

Unknown Speaker  34:01
they got a two star name. That's fine.

Speaker 3  34:10
Yeah, we have a we have a neighbor that likes to skinny. She's beautiful. My wife says it's a violation of HOA rules, but I'm like, I don't know. I'm I'm kind of on the fence. I

Unknown Speaker  34:35
Yes, that's fine,

Unknown Speaker  34:38
honey, have you cured about Neighborhood Watch?

Speaker 1  34:44
We're calling it a crime. The roofing way is, whenever you do a hedge, you take your door hangers down this street, that street, the next street, hey, what's in your area? Oh, go check it out.

Unknown Speaker  35:00
You mosey on down.

Unknown Speaker  35:04
They're getting technical training.

Unknown Speaker  35:20
So it's like they're getting technical training,

Speaker 1  35:24
nothing to strike terror like, yeah, we found termites two houses down. You don't do something about it. I don't know. Do I have to

Unknown Speaker  35:35
take everything out of the kitchen. You

Unknown Speaker  35:38
have to take all the can take it out. Everything out, all the plants,

Speaker 6  35:58
yeah, turn base have to take for you're out of your home for two nights,

Unknown Speaker  36:04
wow. I know like if you get bed bumps, you definitely

Speaker 3  36:07
need to use the whole breaking bad strategy. 10th house and settle the medic job, then you're moving at all times, margins are better.

Unknown Speaker  36:29
I was just thinking about this because, I mean my second or third midlife crisis,

Speaker 6  36:42
and like, because my son is into jujitsu, I'm also aware, because he tackles me, he tackles me all the time,

Unknown Speaker  36:51
and he's messing

Speaker 6  36:54
around anyway, without going to be glad this whenever, just, just core, I mean, stuff that you can do on a path, right? Yeah.

Speaker 3  37:07
So what is it's hard to learn properly, because you have to support your own body weight. You need you need certain you need a teacher to help you. Are you talking like

Speaker 7  37:18
plank support or, well, what style of support?

Speaker 3  37:23
Most mat, because I was done instructor training in this, but most mat, a lot of these classes that are taught at a fitness center don't do it because there's going to be like, 30 students, and no one's doing it properly. If you don't do it properly, you're recruiting other

Unknown Speaker  37:40
muscles, right? And if you're

Unknown Speaker  37:42
not doing you're doing that. We're not training

Speaker 6  37:46
the true, the true pinas. I mean, what's the name of the of the machine, the reformer, and you, and you need an instructor.

Speaker 3  37:58
So in the in the beginning, the reformer helps you learn, because it's actually giving you assistance, not resistance. That's misunderstood, but it's helping you make this easier. And then when you get on the mat, you then can learn to do a proper

Speaker 7  38:14
because you're feeling the muscles move your core Correct. Got it right. Because if you put

Speaker 3  38:19
your legs in the straps, the straps and they support your leg, not your body, right? You can then learn how to move, control the movement in that range of motion. Bottom line, in my studio, where I train like any new student, we require them to do performer lessons first, and then we can transition them to math, because until they learn that,

Unknown Speaker  38:43
what? How long does that take? Usually

Speaker 3  38:48
take? I mean, it can be like 10

Speaker 6  38:52
classes once a week or twice a week. I would recommend

Unknown Speaker  38:55
twice a week to actually

Speaker 6  38:58
get progress after that, what are you supposed to be able to do? Go on the machines. Well, I mean,

Speaker 3  39:04
so we do. We have, like, private, like my, the owner of my studio training, she does work with you, personally, more private.

Speaker 3  39:22
Side, privates, or you can go to, like a semi private police format, that's like three students. And then after a period of time, you can

Unknown Speaker  39:35
do and then now,

Speaker 3  39:36
now that I believe on time, what's interesting is you get more advanced, go to the map, and then you come back to the equipment. What the equipment then does? Just bury it, because it's on rails. It exposes all of your imbalances. It shows you, like, where you have, like, a strong side balance.

Unknown Speaker  40:00
Yeah. But one

Speaker 3  40:02
thing to really help with it is you need to spend time barefoot, being

Unknown Speaker  40:10
trained on unstable one of

Speaker 3  40:18
the things contributors to fall, if you don't Have them, get connected

Unknown Speaker  40:40
Around, the

Unknown Speaker  40:46
numbers And

Unknown Speaker  41:07
on my side,

Speaker 3  41:26
Just, she was already,

Unknown Speaker  42:07
out my parents,

Speaker 1  42:10
one of the one of the kids, basically, that he's like, no everyone in there, and there's no way, Of course, Like The Network,

Unknown Speaker  45:46
connections in the shed business, and

Unknown Speaker  45:50
it's related to

Speaker 8  45:54
shedding systems, specifically the manufacturing. So I don't know if you guys are looking for upsell stuff, looking for used to manufacturers.

Unknown Speaker  46:05
Chef, manufacturers are accessory, no inflation. The accessory manufacturer would have used the buyers. Manufacturers like the product that I am licensing guide, like, like anybody who makes you knows,

Speaker 8  46:22
fascinating guy to talk to. But products not good. He just happened to mention

Unknown Speaker  46:42
shit. So it was industry,

Unknown Speaker  47:03
but she's doing like a decent

Unknown Speaker  47:10
book club. Oh yeah, that's what got together to get like, that's fascinating. Oh yeah, that's weird.

Speaker 5  47:22
Yeah. One out of water.

Unknown Speaker  47:28
You know, that's simple stop in terms of it off

Unknown Speaker  47:32
whatever. That's Really cool.

Unknown Speaker  47:36
It was interesting.

Speaker 4  49:00
And so central California, Central is so conservative, they send so for Victor, David Hansen. He's a Stanford professor. He lives in central California. Great mind, and just about every other elected ballot here, they try to break up the state. And so he said, If Central California, New King's own state, would be one of the top five most conservative states. So like if the Bible belts on the West Coast

Speaker 7  49:37
literally beach town called Santa Cruz, yeah, no longer than

Speaker 4  49:42
the one of the most wackadoo places, California. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  49:48
the whole coast

Speaker 4  49:54
is crazy. I know some Morgans. I know more exports. There's a big

Unknown Speaker  50:01
population, yeah, friends of

Unknown Speaker  50:05
know What you

Speaker 4  50:35
he's got this bit about religion. About religion, talking about Islam and convincing skills terrorists, they'll get 73 versions. Imagine, like, these religions come from God's up. They're like, Hey, I'm so happy to grade you. But unfortunately, you got to this guy. Well, this guy earned another 70 this guy 73 more like, 73 more virgins. And then he's like, but then these guys think, like, okay, 73 versions, not virgins. After a while, you were excited about having virgin sex 73 times, what are you gonna Do? Like the whole bit? So well thought out. You

Unknown Speaker  51:40
it. So I got this one. I came two instruments. You can

Speaker 4  51:55
always tell the level of intelligence about how quick somebody gets it. I was riding my motorcycle, my buddy. I I told him, while we're riding up in about two or

Unknown Speaker  52:18
three seconds, I did they

Unknown Speaker  52:27
send You my car?

Unknown Speaker  52:31
First? St, Chris, what happens? NASA, perfect,

Speaker 4  52:48
oh yeah. Have you ever followed the guy and you took the Y files? He's an ex CIA agent, and he does these, all these of, like, just crazy stuff. Have you heard of the black satellite? There's this there's this rock. It's a satellite of the Earth. It's been out there for 1000s of years. Like, nobody can get close to it. I think it's like an alien spacecraft. And, like, he does stuff like that.

Unknown Speaker  53:25
And he's

Unknown Speaker  53:30
really fitting, but he's real matter of fact, Alibaba, right? Hey, Bobby, right here.

Unknown Speaker  53:59
I wish I could just say dumber. No not being aware. Make me famous. It really is. I

Speaker 4  54:21
it really is my daughter, my kid, she's 17, she's quit smart, and her boyfriend's really smart, like, he's harder than me in some way, and he's 18, but he's, like, completely unmotivated. And I'm like, Man, that's a bad combo. Like, you're so smart and you don't have to, like, talk yourself out of ever doing anything you know all the reasons it won't work. So I'm, like talking to her about him,

Unknown Speaker  54:52
Like, that's what my mom

Unknown Speaker  55:02
said, daughters to me, still.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai