Unknown Speaker  00:01
Alright. So

Unknown Speaker  00:04
what day is it?

Speaker 1  00:06
Matthias, oh, it's April 2420 Thursday, April 24 2025, at 12:44pm, because we know you care about that vivid. And we're outside in Naperville with Ron Wilder, Vivian hurt and Matthias Miller, so I spent the last hour talking to chat GPT. I was telling you how there's an 8020 and I picked out what 20% of sessions do I need to skip. And so I chose those beforehand. And when, Ron, when you were up, I was like, this could be a GPT. Like, do all the, do all the walk through the core exercise. And then also, like, continue, continue to take step questions, back to the core, the core, the core, the core. So that's what I was doing. And so one of the one of the places where I felt the most groundedness has been in this intersection between software development and and systems engineering and business and organization, because they're both systems. They both work the same way. The rules translate and like, it's just you need to have knowledge of how systems work over here, and then you can apply that to organizations over here. So that's been, that's been one of the places, one of the topics where I felt most, most grounded, when Perry when, when Perry's webinar was, my webinar with Perry was coming up. I was like, Well, what do I do? All kinds of the rational answers I could do. I did. I've done some what I call sanctuary sessions, 100 proof you stuff that wasn't that wasn't it. I could have done some tech stuff that wasn't it and I started working on, I had already drafted an outline for a book called frictionless teams about creating external alignment with the market, internal alignment, vertically and horizontally, interdepartmental and up and down, and then also personal alignment within myself and like All the way from, from, I mean, integrating cognitive, cognitive spiritual, like, there's this whole kind of mini framework within that. And so frictionless teams, then was the topic to for the for the webinar. So I was chatting with chat with my core GPT about this and this whole the systems engineering felt really, really strong. And then the question was, well, where does frictionless teams come in? I felt like the systems is the doorway for the systems people. Frictionless teams is a doorway for the people, people. But it felt like there was a third piece. And so I've been processing the last piece, like, what is this third piece? This is supposed to be a trifecta. And when vivid was talking yesterday about the roots, there's two things that really surfaced. One was systems are a root, but there's also this unconditional love. And like, I found myself drifting from giving memos to I just want to be present with people and to love them and to see them and learn to be and learn to express and let the emotion like, let all of that just flow. And so the third piece, the thing that surf, that's that surface, which I just kind of as I was walking up, is like wrapping up. The last pieces is heart and hands, the powerful presence of a leader whose heart can feel the hug and and that's like, the third piece of like, straight up. There's no business agenda on it. There's no, there's no. This is how you retain people. Because I played with that. I was like, well, this drives your attention, but no, like, there's no, there's not to be a business agenda on top of it. It's just the powerful presence of a leader whose heart can feel the hug. And then, and, yeah, there's a ripple effect. People don't good, people don't the right people don't leave cultures like that. But then that's the that is that felt like the third kind of like of the trifecta. And so now I have this, and literally, within two months, I can pull all of my written materials together, and I can draft mini booklets for each of these pulling in client stories and other things like that.

Speaker 2  04:09
Can I share what I'm hearing? Go for it. I'm hearing the Miller series. Remember we played around with Miller Lite.

Unknown Speaker  04:20
Miller, Miller time. So call it

Speaker 2  04:22
the Miller Light series. I mean everybody that drinks. What is this business man, this business guru? What is this Miller Light series? So that's what I hear. And I hear a series, because when I heard many books, I heard many series, and when you deal with many series, the communication piece of it can be massive. It can be a production, it can be audio, it can be visual, where the Miller series are just cynic views a. Of love, and what's light? Because when I think of Miller, light, I'm not seeing L, I T, E, I'm seeing L, I G, H, T, and it's light coming from Matthias Miller. And so that that could be anything, I mean, whatever you want to produce. It's, it's laced in light. Now I want to share some with you, and I have to find it. But Holy Spirit had me in the middle of you deal with the systems people. Vivian, you deal with the non systems people. And I wanted to pull my notes to tell you again, this is my own, the money man, right here, because you always show up to confirm something with that you're my my giant confirmation. You're my warm and fuzzy confirmation. Like you're not saying, I got something to confirm. You just say, hey, there's and I always say, what are you working on? Matthias, and so you're my work in progress. You represent the work side of Vivian, where you can your systemic way of doing things to say, then I can make that into a system like, good, because this is what I got. I don't have bells and whistles. I don't have this and that, however you are the systems, man. And then on this side of the whatever ledger or cavern, or whatever that thing is in the middle, here's my people, here's my warm side, and here's my fuzzy side, where it'll be tactile, there'll be the touch, there'll be the person, there'll be the being. And hey, let's do it. There it is. In a nutshell, your three, your two buddies sitting here. The third buddy comes in. The third root comes in. All sudden, we're bearing fruit. What? Yeah, yeah, it's that simple. Matthias, it's that simple. And you reminded me that I needed to be grounded, because, of course, we're talking about the core. However, Holy Spirit said to me, vivid, wherever they start, take those shoes off and get to walking, because you haven't done that. And so your healing is already in the earth, and it's free. Vivid, just walk. So I'm sending because I wanted son, my free vitamin d3 okay, I said, Kelly, I'm rolling up, rolling up my sleeves, not because we're about to go to battle. I need for sun. I should have worn my shorts. I should have worn my skirt, and I would have just brought it as far as I could without being indecent and getting sun and parts that I needed them. Matthias, so it's all in the process. It's all in the living. It's all in the living. So

Speaker 3  07:38
what I heard from that, you know, we had a conversation at lunch yesterday, and when you described the business systems, when you were before, you said, meld where it melds with organizations. And that's a very compelling business problem, because that's where things break like at the at the edge of those where those intersect, is where organizations break down. So if you can walk into an organization and say, Look, your real problem, yeah, you need a system and organization, but the real problem that you're gonna have if you don't address is the constraint right at the boundary, or the boundary right? And if you don't have a way to address that, then you know, I can help you address that. Now, here's what, here's what. This conversation today takes that to a whole new level, because you could do that, and you're you were then positioned as a business consultant that solves a specific problem. Nothing wrong with that. Yeah, you probably make a lot of money doing that, and but you have a, now a distinct client selection opportunity, which is the first the first scenario is you could sell that business to anybody that has the business, business problem, right? But what really is going to be fulfilling for you is to sell that to that leader. You're not looking for a business that has a problem. You're looking for that leader who wants to lead in a different way. Yeah, and you want to say that person, you are the person who has that kind of heart, yeah? And you want to build a different kind of culture, and that culture has to deliver, yeah, it has to deliver an actual value in the marketplace, yeah? But you can, you know, in your heart, you can do it in a different way than the conventional business way. I will help. I will be your partner to do that, to create that with you. Yep, that's what your positioning is. Now it's a very different thing. Do you understand? And let me, let me

Speaker 2  09:27
see if I hold that thought, let me talk, because I got to ask her a question. And I hope she picked Okay, and I want it recorded what she says. I

Unknown Speaker  09:41
think you're

Speaker 2  09:48
you, Hey, Sam, what was the last thing I wrote down that you and I were before we left to go get our things that we were, yes, I wrote it on the paper. You got it. You gotta look at the paper. Are you in the room? Are you in lunch? Okay, I wrote down. We're business consultants, right? Thank you, Ma'am, are you coming to eat? Yes, ma'am, okay, bye, bye, bye. I This is what we are. That was the last thing I wrote. And again, confirm may shine

Speaker 1  10:33
the way I'm hearing it is there's a leader. Yes, I want my heart is telling me to lead in this way, yeah, but I can't lead. You can't lead with that or not. Sorry, you can't. You can't go into an organization to say, Love is the answer, and that's gonna win, win the day and seal the deal. So here's my promise to you, leader, we can, we can solve this, this business problem, of this intersection where this stuff exists and this will be, this is the tip of the spear that's going to go in. And simultaneously, I'm going to be working with you, and we're going to cultivate this culture of love that flows behind it, knowing, being known, all this stuff, presence, art, everything, and it's going to infiltrate the culture, and it's going to be, and it's a Trojan horse, really,

Speaker 2  11:19
that's your Fauci just the way you said it. Because, you know what? I could get that Matthias, if you kind of like, let's say I was a fortune 500 company, or a fortune 300 whatever. If you came in and you said it like that, I said, Okay, let's meet. Let me look at my calendar. Now you can go into the details. We're talking about elevator speech. We don't want them to have the details. You have the details. They need to have a consultation session with you, and you need to say what you want in the door. May I see your A, your B, your C and your D. They come to the meeting. We don't move this meeting forward, because if I let you see my a, my B, my C and my D, I want you. So if they're not, if they're not engaging with that elevator speech, they're not the one. Next elevator speech, next elevator speech, next. And then those that are buying say, hey, Matthias, When can we meet? And you say, Okay, what time do you have? And then they say, I got this. You say, Well, I got 15 minutes on that day. You don't give them 30. You don't give them 40. You give them 15 or 10. I got 10 minutes because I've got something else going on in that community. I'll see you and for 10 minutes. And when they say, Wait, we need to meet. And you say, Okay, well, I gave you the menu of things that I do. This is the cost, the cost the next meeting. We have that third meeting. You gotta pay my my information is that value. It's that valuable. Not no 10 meetings. It's if I give you the elevator speech and you're not interested. Next elevated speech. Next. This is the day I'm doing elevated speeches all day. I'm not concerned with nobody, blah, blah, blah, I'm gonna do three elevator speech days a week. Now, you filling up your calendar? Okay? 10 minutes. That's all they get. Matthias, they don't get 30 minutes. They don't get 20 minutes. 10 minutes. Hey, I gotta go. I got a heart stop at 1050, 1049, you out the door. Okay? Matthias, when? When should we do our first consultation? Okay, give me a call. You ain't thirsty? They need to be thirsty. Yeah. And then I clock you upside the head. If you sit in there for longer than 10 minutes, even if you say, oh, you know what, I your alarm need to go off and you go out and go, whoo. Thank you, Lord. I

Speaker 3  13:41
think there are leaders out there too that want to lead this way. They have the capability. They just are alone in that, yes, because the conventional business world is so masculine, dominant, aggressive energy, yeah, and so you still have to deliver that, right? But, I mean, my brother is a chef, and he went to food. Let's go eat. Yes, speaking of chefs,

Unknown Speaker  14:04
chef that was

Speaker 3  14:07
the two were my brothers as a chef. And when he went to work for us foods, which is a major food distributor, you spied from him. And he had, during COVID, he had a team of 11 sales reps that reported to him as a district manager, and this was during the worst restaurant downturn in history. Outperformed anybody in the whole region. He had the best performance of anybody. And so at one point, the corporate leaders came in, and they're like, We want to understand how you were hitting these KPIs so that we can roll this out to the whole entire company. We want to understand what you did. Understand what you did. And he basically said, have 11 individuals on my team. Every single one of them had unique challenges. I talked to them, I listened to them, and I helped them. That's what I did. But how do we roll this out into our program? Uganda?

Speaker 2  15:04
That, yeah, Okay. I

Unknown Speaker  15:57
I don't know if there's enough.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai