Matthias Miller  05:20
Hey, hello there, hi there.

Matthias Miller  05:36
All Right, so that would be, I,

Matthias Miller  05:55
yeah, let me. Let me text you the meeting ID. Use it this way

Unknown Speaker  06:16
that should Be I

Matthias Miller  07:50
All right, There we Go. I

Matthias Miller  08:27
All right, there we go. Hey, nice to meet you. All right. So would it be possible as well to open it up on your computer as well. So we could do a screen share, and I could see your screen as we walk through this stuff. Um,

Speaker 1  08:48
yeah. I mean, we, we did that. We did that yesterday. I

Unknown Speaker  09:01
Just type In, type in,

Matthias Miller  09:48
all right, and you don't have to connect to audio. You can just leave that okay. And then whatever you got your screen in, in a way that you want it, you can just hit. Green. There's a green button on your computer that says, share, okay, and then you just highlight what you want to share, and you can do the whole screen if you find with that. Or you can do one, one program at a time as we go from one to the next. However you want to do that.

Speaker 2  10:19
Okay, yeah, I probably Microsoft. Probably those are just like, my personal notes, so of things that I don't forget, so we don't need those. So if I don't want to share it, I need to click on it. Now,

Matthias Miller  10:33
if you don't want to share it, then you need to, oh, yeah, you could close it out if, if you don't want to share it, that

Speaker 2  10:39
gonna work with you on the iPad? Yeah, it's working both ways, Mama, he fixed it. I mean, I really don't have anything to hide. I just, yeah, don't you know, there's a lot I don't want to, like, overwhelm you. I won't

Matthias Miller  10:55
be overwhelmed. That's my job. Is to sift through all kinds of stuff. Okay, yeah, so I think there's one more Share button. You hit the green button, and then you select, you know, something like, to share the entire screen. And then there's another little blue Share button at the bottom of that window.

Unknown Speaker  11:17
I know, I know mama. I know I

Unknown Speaker  11:23
Okay, so I hit the green chair. There

Matthias Miller  11:26
we go. Yep, got it. Okay, perfect. We are. We're in business here. So I think would be most helpful for me. I actually had a conversation with Richard this morning, and we were talking about some of the EBMs and shut up integration stuff, so had a good conversation with him. But would be most helpful for me would be, I'm pretty I'm very familiar with the shut app. I don't really think there's much that we need to walk through on that end, unless there's, there's any kind of glitch specific to the shed app that you want to I mean missing options, certain products that might be nice to have on there. But is there anything you think would be good to cover on the shutout side?

Speaker 2  12:15
Yes, but you know, I've asked about it before, the the haulers, oftentimes will ask us for second phone numbers. And if they can't get a hold of a customer, they'll call me back and ask me to look look it up and and if a customer, a lot of times, customer will volunteer to give a second phone number, and we have to go and hunt the notes and typing into the notes, it would be nice if it was an option to just put two phone numbers there in the front would be, would be a lot of a time saver for us, and a very convenient help.

Matthias Miller  12:55
And is that? So you said you're putting that in the in the builder notes right now? Yeah.

Speaker 2  12:59
So there's only a place for one phone number right to take the customer's information, and I was told just to put it in the notes if there's the second phone number. So that sounds kind of petty, but like when you're moving through the thing trying to get it done as quickly as possible, it's it's an inconvenience. Well,

Matthias Miller  13:21
and I mean, I think all of this stuff comes down to how to negotiate with what each each person needs, I think. But I, I I've consistently seen that good, good salespeople are often petty. I mean, these little things do add up in a day. I'm not actually mean it's petty. It's just these things add up. And the process adds up, the phone calls add up all that stuff it does. So, yeah, anyway,

Speaker 2  13:57
and it comes up more than you would think. You know, yeah, like the haulers will let you know if, if there's an issue.

Matthias Miller  14:07
But then you guys, you guys are scheduling customer deliveries with the hauler direct. So

Speaker 2  14:13
No, their deliveries are does their scheduling is there? It's their job, okay? But they, they cover a wide area, and they're delivering for a lot of different lots, and so they have a lot to keep up with. So they, they oftentimes will ask for our help. And when I first started working here, I noticed that if I didn't sort of keep an eye on our customers and the buildings that things would fall through the cracks. So it just made my life easier to help the haulers. So we've got, we have over five buildings here, and we're getting close to the two week mark because we promised a customer. You know, you can have it in five to 10 days, but. Business days, weather permitting. So they they hold us to that. So when it gets the two week mark, I'll go in and I'll make a list of when it was sold and how close they are and the customer's name, and I'll just be like, Hey, did you get? Did you get all of these deals from us? So over there they were saying, you know, we didn't get that email, or it went to spam, or, or I lost that or, you know, and they'll, they'll come in a lot, and they'll ask me for copies of stuff. And, you know, I don't mind, because if we work with them, then they they work with us. So, yep, if we help them, they help us. Yep.

Matthias Miller  15:41
But practically speaking, the buck stops with you. As far as, yeah, logistics, I do a

Speaker 2  15:49
lot. I talk to haulers just about every day. And um, like, there, sometimes there's mistakes, and phone numbers are taken down wrong, or addresses are wrong. I gotta fix that too. And the a big issue over here is we, we're in a very mountainous area, so, um, we have to be extra careful. I have to be extra careful that we don't send haulers into a bad place, right? So we get pictures, and we ask a lot of questions, and so we have to sort of decipher along with the haulers, and we have rules like, if there's a bridge, we need a picture, if they say these words, or they say that words, then we got to go and we got to do a site visit. So we, yeah, we're very much involved in the delivery process, just because it makes our lives easier,

Matthias Miller  16:42
yeah, yeah. Well, I mean it sure beats a canceled order. I mean

Speaker 2  16:47
exactly, or the holler and their equipment damaged, yeah, exactly, or somebody getting hurt. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  16:57
yeah. Hauler page recently had a picture of a guy who flipped a building on the meal. So, yeah, accidents happen, but it's anyway, I don't have to belabor the point. Yeah, yeah. So, alright. So anything else we should have secondary phone numbers hauling, the hauling process. I mean, I work with with manufacturers who maybe an entire department that's does nothing, but, you know, logistics, scheduling, all that kind of stuff so, but anything else that comes to mind, especially on the shut app

Speaker 2  17:37
side, not really. You know, we would, we would just, yeah, not, not really. It is what it is right now, yeah, well, there is one thing, but I don't know if you can do anything about it or not. We will get buildings and they will sit here for days, and certain people might deny this, but it's true, like as long as a week or more, and we have no price. It's not where it's supposed to be in the Shut up, it has not been moved. And the haulers will say, Oh, that's so and so's responsibility. And the shop they Oh, no, that's the haulers responsibility. You know, the buck gets passed, and we will literally have customers sitting in front of us wanting to buy the building, but they cannot, because we don't have a price. And so we're calling the shop, saying, hey, or we're calling the haulers. And that that happens a lot, and mom can't do her job because she's mom does inventory, which is a full time job, and she can't she doesn't have a price. So that can be a little frustrating, but we've been like, we've been over this hill before, and I don't really know if there's anything that you can do to change it, but that it is a problem,

Matthias Miller  19:00
I have questions to ask. Y'all are incredibly process minded, or you are, I don't know who is.

Unknown Speaker  19:13
We have to be well, yeah,

Matthias Miller  19:14
you do. You do sanity management is what it's called,

Unknown Speaker  19:19
right, right? And I

Matthias Miller  19:23
mean, and I'm guessing the basic problem is that that until the hauler marks it that move to your location, it doesn't get put into your inventory, so you can't, don't have access to it, or something like that,

Speaker 2  19:35
right? And if it is marked for us, and it comes to us, then the haulers can, but if it's not marked for us and see, the haulers get paid to fill spots, and they go, and they got to come this way to make a delivery. So they go to the shop and, oh, there's nothing designed for Crystal. Well, then somebody, they're going to take what's there. And so that might have been. Design, you know, for someone else, or just sitting there, you know, Gabe built it, or whatever, and so then Gabe or Joel have to do it. I probably shouldn't have said names, but they have to do and and it didn't used to be that way, but I think there might have been issues in the past with former haulers and maybe buildings lost, and so the company decided this is what we need to do to that not to happen anymore. We need to be in control so, but I don't know a lot of people wearing a lot of hats around here. So again, I'm not sure if you can fix it, but it is an issue for us,

Matthias Miller  20:49
right? Well, I mean, it does tie into the general discussion. It was helpful for me to understand from a production standpoint, and encourage Gabe to communicate this out to dealers, how he goes about the decision making process of what get what gets built. But there's not a clear standard or, well, I don't know if there. It feels to me like there's still a lot of variability in terms of, like the haulers have a lot of freedom in just grabbing a building and taking it wherever it goes. And I don't know how much of that has been clarified with haulers, where expectations have been set or, or, you know, where they they Yeah, I don't know exactly what the breakdown is, but it makes sense to me how some of this stuff is happening, The way things are set up. Yeah. Okay, good. I

Matthias Miller  21:45
All right, so anything else on on SHUT UP side

Speaker 2  21:52
that is, that's it, as far as I can think of. Okay,

Matthias Miller  21:58
we can go any number of different ways. I would be interested in you walking through quoting for any other types of any other types of quotes you create for each of those different whatever the process looks like, any kind of manual, if there's any manual RTO contract generation, or I don't know any any other kind of manual process, yeah, yeah. Okay.

Speaker 2  22:20
For every company, it's different. They all have their own 3d 3d builder, and so you got to go in and use their program and print the work order and then put it into EBMs, no? And then, if it's not a premier building, then it's got to go through EBMs as a work order, and then, yeah, and so we it's our job to keep all the pricing and everything, you know, get to get everything right.

Speaker 2  23:02
Yep. Al, now, we've been kicked out of I can't I'm not really easy for me to navigate this. This box is still here. Should I hit share, or

Matthias Miller  23:13
you can hit Cancel? It's already open. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  23:17
I don't see cancel. I just the blue cancel

Matthias Miller  23:19
button on the box. Okay, you see the box the site is trying to open, Zoom meetings, and then there's two buttons once open and once it cancel. Or maybe you're looking at a different box. You might be looking at the

Speaker 2  23:37
I can either share or I can exit out.

Matthias Miller  23:41
Oh, you can. You can exit out because you're already sharing. I think it should be fine.

Speaker 1  23:45
Okay, this is trying to open zoom meetings cancel. Is that when you said yeah,

Matthias Miller  23:50
that one you can cancel, Yep,

Unknown Speaker  23:52
yeah. And then

Matthias Miller  23:55
the the video window, you can just move around as you need to be able to see what you need to see.

Speaker 1  24:03
Okay, can move it around. A little black thing, okay, I'm, I can, it's, it's blocking my bar.

Matthias Miller  24:16
Yeah, just click on it. Click on it and drag it around. Okay,

Speaker 2  24:23
Oh, gotcha. Okay, there we go. Alright. So like, right now I'm doing a chicken coop, and you're in here, but I can't figure out, like it won't let me print this. So because hillsides gone in and they've changed all their stuff, so or their 3d builder, they changed it all around. So I need to figure out how to print this order so I can send it to the customer. They are in Salzburg, somewhere West Virginia. So I've got to figure out how to print this last time I opened it up. Up in my email, copied and pasted it into Microsoft and and was able to get the customer to sign that way. And that's, that's the way I've been doing this right now, yep. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  25:20
right. So that's how I've been doing that so and then for do you mind if I do that just real quick so that I can get that because I've got to do that after we get off the Zoom meeting. I

Speaker 1  25:43
Okay, so that'll be good to go. Nice.

Speaker 1  25:57
Got it. So, yeah, I saw I sold that chicken coop today, and then

Speaker 2  26:05
we for still building and structures. We use Sensei, and

Speaker 1  26:13
it looks like this, and I I'm still learning that so and then let's see. What else do we have? Where's my lunch?

Speaker 2  26:33
We've got coffmans gazebos. That is actually Mr. Larder. So we were doing that by hand. Mr. Lar doesn't want us to do this by to do this by hand anymore. So if I sold a Coffman zvo, I would get the quote from Tim, get the customer to sign it, and then I would key everything in, and then it would look like this invoice, that's right here. And then I would I would use that. I would send that to the haulers. And then if there's a repo, it's our responsibility to to manually email the repos to the haulers. So there's a lot of stuff that doesn't go through shut out, a lot of stuff,

Matthias Miller  27:14
um, so repos just on. Would you guys do RTO gazebos? Or is it, is that all repos?

Speaker 2  27:19
Yeah, we do repos on everything.

Matthias Miller  27:22
She gives me all the repos.

Speaker 2  27:25
Yeah, yeah. We, we have the repos cleaned out, pressure washed, sometimes, repairs, small repairs, we work with the rent owned company. They send us permission, and then we, you know, Dad ordered some doors the other day from the shop, and, yeah, we do all that. And then pricing, dad, daddy negotiates the pricing because Colorado is a lot different than Virginia, so that they trust him on what we can sell the repos for. And then we resell. And then I entered them into EBMs as 12% Yep, like so. So it's different. It's a different process entirely, from start to finish.

Unknown Speaker  28:14
Okay, and,

Matthias Miller  28:18
um, okay, so the common COVID gazebos? Well, no, go ahead,

Speaker 2  28:25
just and then I also anything that's hillside. I email it to Jason the hauler and and then I email it to our the general manager of hillside as well.

Matthias Miller  28:47
So what's the jump back into sensei for just a minute? Pull up a pull up an order.

Speaker 2  28:57
Yeah, so this is one I was working on today, Dwight and Stacey Layman and I will probably lose this order, because yesterday, somebody told me two to four weeks, and then I called back, well, scheduling got a hold of it, and they said, first of all, there's no tax on this order. And I was like, I had two people help me with this and and I was and they select so you're gonna have to redo it. So she's angry, because the other carport company that we had was a really bad experience, and there were some really unpleasantries. So NC steel said we are not even going to deal with this customer anymore. We refuse to serve them. So I got them switched over to this one. Had help with the order, had the lead time, told the lady, send her the contract today, then scheduling calls back and goes, Oh, by the way, we don't know when we're going to send this carport, and you got the tax wrong, so you need to send this contract to her and have her redo it again. I'm like, No, I'm not. I'm going to lose. Disorder, so, wow, yeah, it's been fun. I really like this has been our fourth or fifth carport company, and I am done. I don't even want to sell for carport companies anymore. It's just, it's it never works out if

Matthias Miller  30:22
I this is just strictly wild idea. This is nothing more than that. So please don't take it as more than that. If you guys had a way to move carports in house, obviously, this is all kinds of stuff on the on the shop side that needs, would need to be put in place with that, would that change your perspective at all on carports?

Speaker 2  30:49
Oh, yeah. I mean, that's something that Mr. Lara has been wanting to do for a long time, but he can't, he can't get the tubing. Got it, yeah. And we found a small little company that I was in love with, but they lost their contractor's license, and that made some serious problems. So yeah, I But anyway, I'll stop complaining about that. It has just been a nightmare. But yeah, that would be great. It would be great if we could do it in house, because we get so many people coming in here wanting carports, so many and and for a long time. Well, for a couple days, we were turning them down, you know, but carports garages, we were selling these over here were on sale. We were selling them like pancakes. We were selling like two or three a week, 24 by 25 by nine garages, just popping them out, and then then it all blew up. So, yeah, we, we definitely have the business for it.

Matthias Miller  31:48
Yeah, okay, alright. And so, and then on the order, do I scroll down just a little bit, and so you've got the building details, building, amount, manufacturer, discount, sub, General, dealer, deposit, itemized listing. Keep going. Down order, notes, down payment, invoice, pictures. Keep going.

Matthias Miller  32:27
And then additional notes, emails that got sent out, files just keep going down. All right, cool. And so when you're putting this into when you're putting this into EBMs, are you just putting this in

Speaker 2  32:47
as a I'm sorry, can you lock it? Can you please lock it just like, yeah, that way. They won't. People won't bother me. Thank you, Daddy. Love you.

Matthias Miller  32:59
Sorry, yeah, no worries. Do you you just put this in as a single line item, then, you know, carport, as in EVMS or

Speaker 2  33:10
Yeah, today, today was my first day with this, and actually, it's my second, because it's taken me two days to figure out how to I was just trying to solve an emergency. I i haven't I have no idea how to use this program. So, yeah, I think I went into the builder and I built it, and then they had to walk me through all the rest. And I sent it to her twice last night. I sent it to her to the address that she gave me. This is a very difficult customer, so I just didn't want them to sue us. So I she said, Can you send it to me again? Because a different email? And I said, Sure. So today, I called another person to help me. So that's why it's in there more than one, more than once. But I have no idea how to use this program. The other I was using was super easy, and I loved it. I love working with NC steel,

Matthias Miller  34:09
all right. So then, how do you do? How do you do Kaufman's quotes on conference because he was, or is that just off a price list? Oh,

Speaker 2  34:24
um, I try to go in and see things that we've had before and get as close as I can, and then I email Tim. Tim from Kaufman's gazebos is really great, because you've got half benches and so many options. And it has, there's no they're working on a 3d builder, but they haven't gotten yet. So basically, if it's not here in Stockton, the customer wants something different. I just write down what they want, and then I asked him for a quote, yeah, and he will. Send it to me, and he'll just leave a place to write in their name and address, and then I will, you know, take their money and get them to sign it and then turn it in, turn it into him.

Matthias Miller  35:13
Alright? So I mean, besides the the hassle of sending it off to somebody else and waiting for Tim to get back to you, that's a pretty straightforward process,

Speaker 2  35:22
yeah, though that's not really hard really, aren't they really aren't that hard. And we really don't sell that many. Um, people usually just come and get what we have in stock. We really don't sell that many gazebos. And in comparison to carports and buildings and chicken coops and dog Kindles and greenhouses, you know, in light of all that, do you

Matthias Miller  35:50
feel like it's worth it to have there to just get people to show up? Or, Yes,

Speaker 2  35:55
I feel like that Ooh and awe of it brings people into and people, people will literally just come here because it's big and and it, if they don't buy gazebo, they'll buy something else. So yes, I do, and then sometimes we'll hit a run, and we'll sell quite a few, like last year, and I did a lot of advertising on it too. I think that helps. Last year, we had three order. We had three truckloads that we had to do. That's

Matthias Miller  36:26
awesome, yeah, yeah, okay,

Matthias Miller  36:36
good. Then hillside sells their vendor for what the chicken no so, um,

Speaker 2  36:43
I talked Ivan into greenhouses last year, and they've been doing really well, um, but before that, they were also doing chicken coops and dog kennels for us, and we sell quite a few of those. Um, they were doing wood buildings, until premiere decided last year to do their own wood buildings. We have quite a few of their buildings on the lot. I'm not sure how long that's going to last, but we're filtering their buildings out and bringing ours in. But with we will still be doing the greenhouses, chicken cokes and dog kennels, okay? And maybe cabins, maybe, maybe big cabins, I don't know. Yeah,

Matthias Miller  37:30
that'd be nice thing to have sitting on your lot. Yeah,

Speaker 2  37:35
we have, we have, we've got a 14 by 32 cabin, a 14 by 24 and I'm 12 by 28 right now. So, but, but they're not tiny homes. They're just like the shell. Yep, I think, I think Mr. Lauer is working on getting licensed to do the tiny homes, but I'm not sure. I don't really know what at what stage they are at that right? There's a lot I don't know. Yep,

Matthias Miller  38:10
all right, so, so what's the quoting process on? I mean, obviously, if you got it in stock, you got a price, but anything custom? How do you get custom pricing on those from hillside?

Speaker 2  38:24
We'll build it in the Lydia builder, and then we have some Well, we build it in the Lydia builder, and then anything that we don't really know, we will ask Ivan. And Ivan was really great about sending us a quote, same way as Tim, if it's outside our you know, we have a lot of people that take these and make homes out of them. I'd say one in every four make a tiny home out of it. So they're going to want insulation and the floor and the walls and electrical packages and and sometimes they ask for things that we can or can't do. So we always try to do what we can. So that's usually when we get hillside management involved. But but most of it is in the 3d builder, like just eyes and porches and windows and doors and things like that,

Matthias Miller  39:27
right? Would you be able to grab to pull up that 3d builder? Sure

Speaker 1  39:35
See, move this out of the way. I

Matthias Miller  39:43
Oh, I got it. This is the same one you had open spring view hills. Hillside and Spring Valley are the same thing. They are.

Speaker 2  39:49
They are. Spring Valley is Iowa. That's the main office. And then the branch that's in Virginia is called hillside. But. It's all the same company got

Matthias Miller  40:01
it

Matthias Miller  40:08
interesting? Good. So that answers that question when I

Matthias Miller  40:26
so you'll generate the quote. You'll have the person sign there's, is there anything that comes back from hillside when, when the order is completed? Oh,

Speaker 2  40:47
not really, not really. Sometimes Katie might call if she's got a question or or Ivan, or, I guess the new person, Steve, they might call but, but normally No, turn it in and that. That's the end of it. We don't really get a a confirmation on that. Steve might do it different. He might start sending confirmations. But in the past, we haven't really gotten order received from from hillside. The other companies do though, the other companies will send, we get, well, we will get a quote. We'll get this like this here that I just copied. If I, if I click on quote, I will get an email back saying that the quotes been received, but not the order, not an order confirmation,

Matthias Miller  41:43
sure. Okay. It

Speaker 1  41:49
was a good question. Never really thought about that before. One time,

Speaker 2  41:56
there was an order that fell through the cracks, because I sent it to everybody, but it wasn't openable. And Jason was like, I I haven't seen that. And I was like, Yeah, I sent it, and then I looked, and we had to rush it. And that happens sometimes, sometimes deals fall through the crack and we have to rush them. So,

Matthias Miller  42:19
um, I and that's probably, is it safe to assume that habits most most with like hillside Kaufman and carports, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  42:33
because they got to go from one place to the next instead of just one program that generates it all to everybody at the same time, yep, yep,

Matthias Miller  42:41
makes sense. All right, so can you, would you be able to pull up? Would you be able to pull up invoices look like in EBMs for like a shed, app sale, carport, gazebo and one of the hillside ones? Sure.

Speaker 2  43:02
So this is, this is a blank invoice here that I would have to fill out. I need to do that for somebody at the moment. I can't remember who it is. It's in my stack here. But these are, these are our invoices, and this computer is not what I would call user friendly,

Unknown Speaker  43:28
but just just kind of show you

Unknown Speaker  43:33
there's one right there.

Matthias Miller  43:35
All right, so this, this would be shit up, and you're basically,

Speaker 2  43:39
this is EBMs. So, no, I mean,

Matthias Miller  43:43
sorry, this is no, this is EBMs, but this is a shut up order, correct? Or is this

Speaker 2  43:50
hillside that I order? I gotta key them all into here. Oh, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  43:57
let's see. Um, let me see if I can find I did one today. What was his name? Dakota? His name was Dakota, 16.

Speaker 2  44:49
That's something else too. Once they go in here, they're really hard to find, like I just did this one today, and I can't find it. I.

Speaker 2  45:12
So my trick is I go into the old EBMs

Unknown Speaker  45:17
because it's

Unknown Speaker  45:19
easier to find

Matthias Miller  45:23
Oh, got it.

Unknown Speaker  45:25
There he is Dakota wood, and he's 106715, so

Matthias Miller  45:32
it's just laugh. I should laugh,

Speaker 2  45:37
right? It's fun. It's actually comical. That it's difficult. To I told Richard the day. I was like, it's like, dos, I feel like I'm working. He said, Well, there's some method of the madness. This is the program that's going to be integrated into the chat app. So I was like, okay, but yeah. So here it is. This is Dakota, and he bought a little eight by eight today. And we're having another problem with this, this system at the moment, and the bookkeeper, or he has another title, but I can't, Darius is not able to figure out it's not putting tax on the order, so I'm having to enter it as a pickup instead of a delivery in order to have the totals come out right, so that, that's why It says Pick up. But it's actually, yeah, yep.

Matthias Miller  46:37
Interesting.

Matthias Miller  46:49
All right?

Matthias Miller  47:01
The comment is that a serial number.

Speaker 2  47:05
So we're running into another problem is the description is not in there, but the comments are and so what I'm having to do is go in and make sure that the serial number is, and I've already processed that, so I can't change it. I don't guess, but make sure that the serial number is in both places, because I keep getting emails, hey, there's no serial number. I need a serial number because that's how the haulers find the buildings when they come on the lot, and that's how it's built. So I'm having to put it in both places. There might be a fix for that, but Brian would be the only one that would know how to do that, and he he's very busy, and I haven't had time to I asked for one more day because he came here. They came in here one day and showed me how to do this, and I cried. I was like, I need one more day. Can you bring him? And they didn't give him to me. They just said, just call him if you have a problem. So I keep forgetting to call him about it fair enough. Yeah, but, but that's why they're both in there, like that.

Matthias Miller  48:23
Okay, so most, most of these are, I mean, obviously you need to know what product code to use, and that's, and that's, I'm sure that's different based on gazebos versus whatever, yeah,

Speaker 2  48:39
that we kind of had the same code system that I use when we were doing it in QuickBooks. So I generally know, you know, if it's a carport, it's just standard, it's just carport. If it's a gazebo, just put gazebo, and then this usually, if it's hillside or Premiere, it's the size of the building with either PS or HS. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  49:05
that's pretty straightforward. Codes

Unknown Speaker  49:07
for everything. Yep, trying to

Matthias Miller  49:12
think, if there's any questions I've got, you've got the so inventory buildings, if they're on inventory buildings, they're on a lot. Are you guys able to sell off of each other's lots or no,

Speaker 2  49:27
we are. We are, but there's usually mileage involved, right? So it's usually we only do that to customers like, I want this certain building, and I want it right now, and I don't care to pay the mileage, but think the extra mileage is like anywhere from 50 to usually $100 if I'm to sell from rural retreat so but Joel does sell off of our lot, and sometimes. Times we sell off of his, but we don't make a habit of doing it because it's kind of an inconvenience. Yeah, but we yeah, there is a standard rule everybody knows that we are allowed to sell each off each other's lives.

Matthias Miller  50:14
And I mean, when you're selling, is there anything on the invoice that you had to use indicate when you're selling custom building versus so

Speaker 2  50:20
setup is pretty, really great about that. Sorry. I mean,

Matthias Miller  50:26
in EBS. I mean, shut up. It's pretty clear how that gets handled when you're putting into EBMs. Do you need to indicate that? No,

Speaker 2  50:35
okay, cool. I

Matthias Miller  50:44
How much, how much of your time do you think is, if you had to say, just putting, putting, especially premier buildings into shed app, how much time a week do you think? Sorry, wow, that's I premiere buildings into EBMs premier bill, it's,

Unknown Speaker  51:08
I don't know, probably

Speaker 2  51:12
just about as much time as anything else. We do sell more, but I really don't know. I feel like I'm always entering orders. I feel like that's what I do more than anything else. I'm, I'm, you know, if I, if I get to go outside, it's, you know, it's, it's a privilege, because I feel like I'm just at this computer pretty much all day. Yeah?

Matthias Miller  51:39
But then you're, you're, you're putting in orders. You both into the into the Mobil, just into Shut up, and in the EBMs, it's still, it's the whole get, yeah,

Speaker 2  51:48
like, I it was a lot worse, but it's still not a whole lot better. Like, um, you do the order, you put the customer's information in, you put it into EVMS, you put their information in, you do the card machine, you put there so like, you're putting the customer's name, address and phone, phone number in there, like two or three times, and and it is. It's something that I really think would really help us if we could eliminate that, because the customer is sitting there, and I, I'm a pretty fast typer, but they still are, like, super bored, you know? They, I try to talk to them, you know, but they're sitting there for a few minutes. And then, if they do a, if we do a contract, well, then that's what, number four, the fourth or fifth time. So, yeah, it's a lot. It's a lot. Does,

Matthias Miller  52:39
does PBS have have a business relationship with, with with hillside? Or is that just with you guys as a dealer location? Who does premier have a business relationship with hillside? Or are you guys just a dealer for

Speaker 2  52:56
no um, Hillside uses um Premier's lots okay, they use a lot of our premiere slots, and then, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  53:09
okay, yeah,

Speaker 2  53:14
but I don't I'm not really sure how long that's gonna Last, not really sure what's going on there, because i What's going on there, because we're going to start doing our own buildings, and so it just depending on, you know, how well the shop can do and how many they can put out. I'm not really sure if hillside is going to continue being on our lots or not as far as wood buildings, but right now, we have several lots with hillside buildings on them.

Matthias Miller  53:53
Yep, yep, good. Well, this helps. I helps me wrap my head around some of this stuff. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  54:10
did you want to see the

Matthias Miller  54:12
contract? Yes, I do. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  54:16
You're welcome. So see

Speaker 2  54:25
see that is Colorado rent to own for well, not Colorado rent to own. It's actually COVID mountain, but the company that's helping us is Angelo advisors in Colorado. So that's how and

Matthias Miller  54:43
Mr. Angelo on Friday, huh? I said, I met Mr. Angelo on Friday. So, Oh, nice.

Speaker 2  54:49
He is great. Don is no, he's a really great person. Yes, we really, we really like him a lot. He worked with, he worked with Carl. What I went to own, and he actually made a contract for me to help my life be easier. And he got me this scanner, which really made my life easier also. So, yeah, daddy likes him too. He's good person. We were working with his assistant. Her name is Crystal Decker, and she called the other day and walked us through how to do this, and I'm still learning how to use it. So in my spare time,

Matthias Miller  55:32
exactly, yeah, which is after hours, like now Exactly,

Speaker 2  55:35
exactly, it's like, if I don't get here, it before the day starts. Or say, stay late. You know, I don't a lot of things don't get done so

Matthias Miller  55:52
and so, yeah, you want To walk me through?

Unknown Speaker  55:57
I could try. I

Unknown Speaker  56:04
remember,

Speaker 1  56:21
i i She sent me my username and password, but I got you don't remember it, that's

Matthias Miller  56:57
fine. You can also talk me through it. Okay, so, I mean, I mean, basically, I mean RTOS, RTOS, RTO you're, you've got probably some kind of serial numbers, some kind of, you know, customer information, total contract value, down payment, amount, you know, CRA, non CRA, dwf, all that stuff. You put it in and then, I mean, is it as simple then as it just spitting out a PDF for you to get a signature on? Or

Speaker 2  57:32
it kind of is, we have to ask a few questions. We have to get a reference. We have the option they want to take their payment out, and we can do that for them, but I'm not going to do that. I don't have time, so I'm going to, I'm going to give that to Crystal, and she said she would waive the $3 fee, but and then we're supposed to click a button, and then we go to the next page, and we're supposed to be able to get into contract and finish it. Um, so we were walking through that with her, and it said, oops, and I had to go back into contracts and find it so. But I learned that from so the same person that designed this one designed the other Cove mountain that we were using, and it had the same hic, so I knew what to do. I but I think that this is going to be fairly simple. I, I don't really think I'm going to have any problems with it. I feel like crystal will be available to help us if we do so, yeah, yeah. But it's pretty it's pretty simple. I mean, I don't think it's it's not she walked us through the contract the other day.

Speaker 1  58:48
I think I have it. Let's Mickey Mouse. I think is what we called it.

Speaker 2  58:59
I know it's terrible, but I keep all of my document, my scan documents in here, that way, if an order gets lost, I can find it. It's what it's worked out best for

Speaker 1  59:12
me, that I actually, actually have that in here somewhere. Here we go. I

Unknown Speaker  59:39
so that's what the contract looks like. Basically.

Unknown Speaker  59:45
I don't know if that's any help,

Speaker 2  59:48
but we fill out the information, and then it generates this part, and then the customer is supposed to I think we can either they can either. Sign it electronically if we send it to them, which is really great for me, because I was having people print it out on their computer and lay it down on their table and, like, take pictures of it and send it to me, and me print it out, which is a nightmare so that, and they would not give me panda dark. They would not give me panda. Doc, like, it's like, $30 a month. And I was like, I need panda. Doc, you guys don't understand how many out of house sales I do, but they wouldn't give it to me. So this has really made my life a lot easier. Yep, yep.

Matthias Miller  1:00:34
Makes sense. Yeah. I

Matthias Miller  1:00:49
Good, yeah, I don't know that I've got, I don't know that I've got much else to it's okay.

Speaker 2  1:01:04
One thing you asked me the other day how much revenue we brought in, and Mr. Laura said, I could tell you, I can't they QuickBooks is no more. I used to go in there and make reports, which made, I like reports so I can see what's going on, but I can't do that anymore, so, um, but so just off the top of my head, I've been here five years when I first came here, um, the first two years, we did like Two, $2 million a year, um, but we had, like, COVID. We were the only, pretty much the only people here. There wasn't a lot of other shed companies around, yep. And we had COVID going on. COVID really helped, like, with this lot sold out twice, like, it was empty. It was great, yeah. And I think the next year we did like a million and a half, I think this year or 2024 we did like 1,003,000 so it's been under, like a steady decline a little bit, you know, but, but I word on the street is it's more than, you know, a lot of other lots in the area. So, um, we have a lot of competition. Like they, they're building places are just popping up everywhere, and they're, they're cheaper made, and and they're better priced. And so a lot of people are choosing that. They're choosing the cheaper building. And, um, they cop. They copy our like I'll do, for instance, I'll do like, a a shot of the lot with a drone or whatever. And the next week, the building companies that you know in Princeton do the same thing, you know. And we'll, we'll have a fall sale. They'll have a fall sale. We get greenhouses, they get greenhouses. We get gazebos. They get gazebos. Like it's been insane, and then we had this one pop up right beside us, next door. Well, well, I don't know if I'm gonna say, but they're popping up everywhere. They're They're popping up everywhere. And I feel like it's making a difference. You know that they're the people are taking our sales. Well, I know, I know they are a little bit we're still like the town comes to us, the schools come to us. Main Street comes to us, the town of Townsville, they come to us first. But I lost the school. I lost Richland school a couple weeks ago, and that that hurt me, hurt me right here, because I thought they were like, you know, I thought we were tight and but they, they just, they were just like, someone else gave us a better price. And I was like, man, so,

Matthias Miller  1:03:55
so is there any market there for, like, Okay, I'm just this completely different market. I know that, just as an example, in Colorado hunting cabins, it's a big deal so and some of these folks are moving in, they got money to spend, and there's less competent. There's increasing competition. It's not like it like it had been. I but there, there's a segment of the market that that buys for quality and customers, you know, the, you know, kind of upper end it, yeah. And that's what, yeah. Sorry, that's what

Speaker 2  1:04:35
we push like we've got, celebrating our 10 year anniversary. We had signs made and everything. We've got a banner made. We have it on our Facebook that we've been here 10 years, and we push in our ads, you know, that we are quality and and we do have a lot of high end customers that will come to us, you know, and they'll just down and they'll write, they'll write checks for $10,000.60 $1,000 and not bad at I want what they want, and I enjoy selling to those customers. But unfortunately, there's a lot of you know other customers too, you know. So,

Matthias Miller  1:05:13
yeah, it's not enough. Those by themselves are not enough to sustain you, right? So do you, in your personal opinion, from what you see, have you officially stepped into a rat race hamster cage where you're where the the rule to winning the game is two things move faster than the other people. So come up with the aerial shots, the better ways of doing things, all of these things, do it faster than the competition, and also then potentially see if you can outlast the competition. And, yeah, that's

Speaker 2  1:05:57
what it feels like, exactly a hamster in a cage. Yeah, just could do it faster. Get those quotes as soon as they come in, especially the big ones, as soon as they come in. We're right on it, you know, be here longer, have our doors open, longer. Be more accessible, be more convenient. Because, if, because, if we don't give them what they need right now, they're going to go somewhere else and get it like the other day, I had a call of a lifetime. Was 80 by 100 by 12, and I just didn't have the right people to work with me, and they were dragging their feet. And I could have had that sale, I could have had it, but they drug their feet, and he was like, No, someone else out quoted you. Man, they outcoured You by $40,000 and I was just doing everything. I was like, well, you make sure the structural integrity of that building. You make sure they're not cutting corners to give you that $40,000 man, give me a chance. Give me a chance to do better, you know. And but it was timing, like if I had gotten the quote into their hands in time, and I could have fixed the mistake in time, but it was a SAT. It was a Friday evening, and they were going to do the deal on Monday. And my help, I couldn't build the quote. I had to have help. And they they let me down. And I lost it. I lost a I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:20
$90,000

Unknown Speaker  1:07:22
deal,

Unknown Speaker  1:07:26
yep, I lost it.

Speaker 2  1:07:31
But I mean that, but it, that's how it is. It's just, you know, bam, bam, bam. I've had people tell me your lights weren't on. And so I went next door, you know, I'm sitting in here, right? And I was talking to him on online, and they were like, Yeah, your signs, your lights weren't on in your open sign. And so I went next door and got it, or someone messaged me at 10 o'clock at night, and because I didn't get the quote, I was like, Dude, I'm tired. It's 10 o'clock. I'm going to I'm going to sleep. And so I woke up the next morning, and I messaged him, and he was like, Yeah, I went next door, or Christmas break. I had three answers, answering answers on on the answer machine, and I called them all back, and I was tired, so I took back, took Christmas break, I took I took two weeks off, and I come back, and all of them, I went somewhere else. I went somewhere else. I went somewhere else. You know, I know you can't get them all, but it didn't used to be that way. It did not used to be that way. It used to be that, you know, they saw something. They like it. And you know, when I came back in, they were they would come in and they'd buy from me. But now, if I don't get it, most of the time, it's gone. Unless they're our friends or their repeat customers, we do have a lot of repeat customers. So I'm sorry. It's just it's so hard, it's really frustrating, because things are going so great, you know, they were going so great. Yeah, and we're still doing pretty good. You know? We're still doing pretty good. Um, like I said, the town respects us to schools and everything, and a lot of the major businesses come to us because we've been here so long. We have a lot of referrals so but I know, I know we're losing deals. I

Matthias Miller  1:09:43
So price is a hard one to lose on, but speed is a lot harder one to lose on. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:09:53
we're really blessed. Like, I feel like in order to have a good lot, you got to have all the pieces of. A puzzle. And we, we have shops that that can put buildings out in two to three weeks. And sometimes Gabe can rush it in, like, two weeks, and then, and then David will say, I can have it, you know, delivered by that third week we have halt. That's why I help the haulers, because they help us. So if the shop can get it out and the haulers can get it to the customer quickly, um, you know, that's a good sale, and we can make that promise. And of course, I don't, I don't promise until I ask first. But um, I really think that helps us a lot. Speed helps us a lot. And also, I think Daddy will be retiring soon, and there, there's going to be some changes here in the office. I don't know how to say this for respectfully, but daddy's limited as to what he can do. He doesn't do a computer, and so he's really good at getting the customer and talking them into buying but I have to do everything else, right? And Mama, too. Mom is learning, but, you know, she's 67 daddy's 80. And so I, I don't know, we'll see, but I think after Daddy decides to retire, I might be able to do things even more quickly, because sometimes not to throw them under the bus. And Rich knows all about this, but I'm basically doing a lot for all three of us, right? So that I think I could, if I can control my workload and my focus, like this morning, he had a customer. She had a customer. I had stuff I had to do, but they are she wasn't here, and he needed help. So I'm doing all three of those things at the same time while my phone is buzzing and the and people are trying to call me, you know, it'll get like that. It'll get really crazy. So I just got to keep my focus and just take a deep breath. Thank you. I'm going, and when we have a sale, it's great, like we, you know, we'll do like, $100,000 in a week. But I'm here till eight o'clock, yeah, you know, almost every night, trying to get it all, all the mistakes fixed and all everything turned in so but Mr. Laura knows about that, and we're gently trying to encourage daddy to, you know, spend his last years having fun.

Matthias Miller  1:13:06
I get it. I've seen two different my grandpa farmed until he was in his 90s. And I'm not saying this is what it was for what it's like for your dad, but for him, it was just he needed to something, some way to silence the noise that was inside of him. And for him, it was farming that was his escape. Conversely, I watched my parents retire. They would retail, you know, clothes shop at six o'clock. We never ate supper as a kid before seven o'clock at night. And that was just life, you know, open Monday through Saturday, and you just had to show up. You got five holidays off a year, and, and, but then, when my parents finally retired, it was much sooner than that. I don't know. They might have been late 60s, early 70s. I don't even remember for sure, they stepped off the treadmill, and there's a period of a few months there where they just, they didn't do much, and they realized that we are way more tired than what we ever, ever realized. And so could have seen, seen different things, it can be hard to find. Well, also a little rambly side note, not directed at all to what we're doing, but my brother and I have talked my oldest brother and I, my oldest brother specifically, has talked a lot about, how do you help parents age gracefully? Yeah. And his best description that he's used is it's almost like reverse parenting, because they become increasingly dependent on, on you, like, yeah. Like, physically, mentally, decision making, yeah, takes the same kind of grace to. A I mean, it actually takes a special grace to go from highly competent person who's always been there for you your whole life, always been, the strong one, and and walk alongside like, how much just how much, how much decision making do we let them make them have? What are they capable of? Not taking it way too soon, but not but being mindful that they're not always mindful of, you know, respecting their their autonomy, their dignity, all that stuff, but also recognizing that things, things are changing and walking alongside them in that journey. It's

Speaker 1  1:15:39
yeah. Yeah, it's not easy, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:15:45
nope, for sure, for sure, and it's hard because you want to, you want to show that respect, you know. And like you said, Do it gracefully, but it's hard to do that and run a business, you know, especially when it's really stressful and you got a lot that you've got to get done. And he, he's doing a singer, he's not eating, and he'll, he'll look at me, and he'll say, I just really want to go to the fish place. And I'm like, in Princeton, he's like, Yeah, that's the only thing I can think of that I need, that I can eat and and I know that if he doesn't eat, his sugar is going to drop. So we shut the lot down. So we got Princeton, you know, and it's a lot, it's a lot, but I do think it's going to get better, because I think that he realizes that he can't continue on this way, you know, and so I think eventually there will be a change there, but, but until, until that happens it, You know, it's a lot on my shoulders. So anything you can do to help make my life easier, I appreciate.

Matthias Miller  1:17:06
All right. Well, I'll see what I could do. Giant juggling act, yeah. So trying to, trying to weigh out, way out, everything I Okay, man, it's just it is tough when,

Matthias Miller  1:17:37
yeah, it's just

Speaker 2  1:17:38
hard to Drop boundaries. You know, it's hard to draw those boundaries. I feel grateful for, you know, I wouldn't be here if daddy hadn't brought me in. And I feel like that. A lot of the reason that this lot is as successful as it is is because his knowledge and experience and he's helped, he's worked with, you know, Mr. Coffman and rich flower to make this lot what it is. So there's a sense of gratitude, you know. But at the same time,

Unknown Speaker  1:18:24
it can be very heavy.

Matthias Miller  1:18:31
Yeah, yeah. Sorry, Hey, no need to apologize.

Matthias Miller  1:19:01
I don't have any I'm expecting this. I don't have any profound answers for you. That's okay.

Speaker 2  1:19:10
I just I he wanted to see everything. So bar was like, Just tell him, you know, answer his question. So, yeah, well,

Matthias Miller  1:19:35
yeah, it's not i

Matthias Miller  1:19:43
Yes, I've had this is a very different, you know, very different kind of journey that I've I've had to go through. I've been fortunate to be able to spend time with a spiritual advisor, for lack of a better term, just a mentor. The faith, and we've talked a lot about desert experiences and about walking through the valley. I don't think there's much of the world is doesn't have a good way to deal with uncertainty, like what you're describing and difficulty like what you're describing, right?

Unknown Speaker  1:20:29
And

Matthias Miller  1:20:33
it's only as we take steps down into the valley where we are it feels like we are walking through the darkness and and and not, not sure where we go as we lean into that. That's where the fullness of life is. It's hard, right? It's painful, it's lonely. Nobody else can do it for us, it would be easier, sometimes way easier just to run instead of do it right. But there's something that's really rounding, fulfilling, freeing, purifying as we do that. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:21:24
amen, yeah. Definitely makes you stronger. And God, God has been my strength. And he has me. I wouldn't have, you know, been able to do it without him. He's definitely been, you know, a a present help in time of trouble. He's, he's been my refuge of my rock for sure, and, and, and this is definitely strengthened me, my faith, you know. And yeah for sure, yep, for sure. Um, one other thing did. Did you want to see our Facebook page? Are you interested in our

Matthias Miller  1:22:02
Yes, let's do it.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:04
Okay, yes.

Speaker 2  1:22:15
So the way that mom and dad set it up is that,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:20
I don't know why it's doing that today. Decided not to remember any of our passwords.

Matthias Miller  1:22:31
By the way. Have you guys noticed any weird stuff with Facebook just not doing as well over the last number of months or not? Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:22:41
it has just been, yeah, kicking me out. And,

Matthias Miller  1:22:47
yeah, what about, what about reach? Reach and visibility of your posts. Have you seen shifts with that?

Speaker 2  1:22:52
Yeah, yeah. Like, nobody sees what you're doing. Yeah? Like you're the, like, the pool has suddenly got very small. I don't know what's up with that.

Matthias Miller  1:23:03
I've talked to all kinds of people. I've seen it on my personal profile. I've seen it on Facebook marketplace. I've seen it here, seen it back east, like there's a lot of people who are saying there's something funny with the algorithm that they're trying to who knows what they're

Speaker 2  1:23:15
doing. But Yeah, who knows is right? Yep,

Matthias Miller  1:23:19
who knows is right?

Speaker 2  1:23:22
Yeah. So mama did this. She because we were changing our name, so she has changed in the side and everything. And then this is, this is one of the pictures that that we did. We I had another one that I liked better, but we like to show everybody how big we are, and then kind of rounds out the competition. And this is I did a greenhouse one that I try to do something every I try to do something every week, but definitely when we have a sale. So

Unknown Speaker  1:23:57
you can see the insights this one. This one's been up for a couple of days, and I've gotten quite a few comments on that and and then I talked to people a lot. This was our and

Speaker 2  1:24:19
our overstock sale. That commercial went really well. We got a lot of insights from that one, but I like to take that. I took that picture. Um, yeah, just to do something different, I actually went across the street and took it. That's great. Thank you. And then mama doctored it a little bit, because there are houses and stuff up there. So we got rid of all the houses, and then there was equipment at the bottom by the buildings, and Mom, Mom made all them go away. So mom and I work together on a lot of this stuff. And then I take, I take the pictures.

Unknown Speaker  1:24:57
So, yeah, yeah. And see there's a

Speaker 2  1:25:03
turkey. And then someone, when their customers are pleased with things that go on, they'll take videos and pictures and stuff, and then I'll put those on there. Or if we get a good review, I'll put good reviews on here. This was NC steel. They were very happy. She was really happy with how quickly they got that up. Let's see. I love my fall. Look at that. Oh yeah, look at that. A cell phone. Can you believe

Matthias Miller  1:25:33
that's great. Thank you. I have fun

Unknown Speaker  1:25:37
with it. There's my beautiful mama.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:39
That's awesome. But yeah,

Speaker 2  1:25:41
I I try to put people in as many of our ads as possible, because my sister went to a class and she said that to make it personal, you know, it's not just about a building, it's me selling to you. And so dance works is allowed. He says I can come take picture of him and his girls in a shop. I can't wait to do that. That's awesome. Thank you. And then there's a big barn I did. Had I gave up my commission to get that one another, another carport, garage fire. But this is my beautiful family safe. There they are. I did that. I put that on, on one of ours. And that's my mom, my niece and nephew. There's me and Sarah, and I don't know if you can see us window reflection,

Speaker 2  1:26:35
but I'm one of them. I put, you know, stop by and see us when you can So, but, yeah, that's us. And then I, when I'm doing a commercial, I will, I'll talk to several people a day, like all these people, you know, that's all that's all Monday, right there. And they asked for, they asked for pictures in, um, of what we've got, and I show them, and a lot of times, if I know, if they'll talk back to me a couple times, I pretty much, you know, have a really good chance of getting the sale. So I have to, I don't let people waste my time, because that can happen too. But this lady, you know, I sent her some pictures, and then she came and got a 14 by 32 that we had on the lot. So so I really do feel like, like, this is our most valuable marketing tool so,

Speaker 1  1:27:35
and I'll show you one more, and then I'll quit. But I I was really proud of the of this one. This was an on site that we did, and I took pictures as they were putting it up. So that's great. That one got a lot of attention. Got a lot of attention. Yes,

Matthias Miller  1:27:58
if you could another idea, if you can work with Gabe sometime to do a time lapse, you know, put your phone on a tripod and record a whole day, like a whole building getting done, or something like that. Oh, wow. Speed it up into like, 510, seconds. That would be

Speaker 2  1:28:13
great. That would be, I, I don't know how to do that, but I'll figure it out, because I've seen those, and I see talking about, yeah, that would be awesome. They did a site visit, a site build in bland and I really wish I'd had gone, but they told me I was going to have to hike for a while. And I was like, wow, in the cold and I'm cold, yeah? Like, no, just stay here. That's another thing. I really love doing this, but I don't, I don't get paid to do this and but it does bring in sales, but, like, I'm kind of glued to this lot right now, until I can get mama trained on a few more new things. So I can't really leave, you know, so that balance. But I really enjoy doing this. I really enjoy doing it, and we see a lot of sales from it. So trying to, I'm trying to convince Mr. Laura that I think he knows. But, you know, he said some things to me, like, well, you can't really tell. And can you keep records? And can you keep tracks? You know, for me, and I'm like, No, I really can't, because you just don't always know. Like, they don't always tell you. I just know that. I get on here and I do the post and I talk to a bunch of people, and our lot gets home and make a lot of sales. I don't know who, but I know it's making a difference. I know it is great,

Matthias Miller  1:29:46
and that's one of the tricky things with with direct I don't know. Anyway, we geek out for very long time on direct marketing and marketing attribution and all those. Types of things. But yeah, yeah, you can. You can err on both sides. You can err on just throwing money and being like, oh, it of course, it works. But you can also err on the side of needing to prove everything down to the penny and account for every last thing and then shoot yourself in the foot. There's so many stories I've heard of well, doing marketing attribution really well is actually really complicated, because you have to consider, I mean, let's say you have a billboard like, how do you count impressions of that and the in the how the exposure reduces the cost per lead on Facebook, as just a simple example, and when somebody comes in through Facebook, but they were also on Google before as an example. If you're doing that, well, how much credit goes to Google for it? How much goes to Facebook for it? I've heard examples of people stories, actually, of people optimizing marketing so heavily down to just what works, what works, that they completely got themselves off at the knees. Because there was some, some weird thing that didn't look like it was working, but it was warming people up and feeding them, you know, moving them, down the pathway. So I believe that it takes ahead in your shoulders you don't want to fall in either ditch. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:31:28
yeah. But I, I told him one time, I said, I can't talk to people on YouTube. I know that I can talk to people on Facebook. You know, at least give it a shot to get them in here, because that's what I do. I always fight people to come to the lot, right, or ask for the sale, you know, yes, and I said, I can't, I can't do that on YouTube.

Matthias Miller  1:31:51
Have you guys tried Facebook marketplace listings or not?

Speaker 2  1:31:55
Hmm, no, no, I haven't really tried that. You think that might help? That might work, people,

Matthias Miller  1:32:03
there's a guy in Illinois, if, if you here, let me make a note to myself. I'm going to forget. Can you text me your email and I'm going to make a note to remind me to send crystal our Facebook marketplace guide. Here's what I would do. I would go so yes, people do it. There's guy in this is just a load of work. So be warned. There's a guy in Illinois who did, I forget what his numbers were, about two thirds of his he did a million dollar, a little over a million dollars, and over two thirds of sales were coming from Facebook marketplace. There's, there's some keys to it. You You have to, you want to put a video, whether even, even if it's not an in depth video, even if it's just you kind of walking up to the building, panning in and out, have a video of the building be the first, first thing, and then have some good photos to go along with it. Mentioning our rent to own is a win. Mentioning free shipping is a win. Those all I actually did some market research out of my own pocket to figure out what what I went and anyway, whatever on geeky three but, but on what actually moves the needle based on listings that are publicly available? And so those, those are the three main things. And the other main thing that is just having a lot of listings on, you know, like 20, 3040, listings active. And if you have multiple of you guys on location, you can you could actually have 150 buildings listed on Facebook marketplace. It's a lot to manage, but you would have you just split it out three ways, like about 43. Per person comes out about right and and then, you know, you have to periodically renew them through the Facebook marketplace to, you know, to to get, them to stay listed. But then people are going through Facebook marketplace. They say, oh, there's a shed. And then they're like, Oh, well, who is this person? Oh, they have all these other ones. And then, because you have three different accounts, and then they'll start messaging you through that, like, hey, is this available? Yes. Are you interested? And then you try, you try, what I've heard works the best is on Messenger listing, on marketplace listings, don't spend too much time engaging them. Get, get them to pick up the phone and call or get them to show up at the lot. And that's the that's how you qualify. And get, get rid of tire kickers. Just it's got to be you try to get them off the messenger thread as soon as possible. Otherwise you could, you can, you can, you can spend the rest of your life chatting with people who are never

Unknown Speaker  1:34:45
Yeah, yeah. So

Matthias Miller  1:34:47
it is a time commitment, maybe a time commitment getting up to speed. And then once it's once you have it rolling, you can kind of keep it in play, but, but there's no, there's no marketing dollars. And if, and I don't, I don't know the the rationale for mister Lauer, you know, pulling back on Facebook, advertising spend and all that stuff, but, but if you're looking for a something that you you're not looking for more stuff to do, but where you can put in some sweat and have a reasonably good shot at getting a return back on the on the effort you put into it. It is something to take a look at. We have a pretty comprehensive guide on that I'm happy to send over. Yeah, I'm willing to

Speaker 2  1:35:27
take a look at it. I mean, things aren't always going to be as crazy as they are right now, you know. And I'm always looking at different ways to try to bring people in here, we discovered that banners work really well. We ordered a spring sale banner and put it up. And we have a lot of people that will just drive through and never stop and never come in here. And so I'm always trying to think of ways to get them to come in. You know, I put signs up price reduced. I mean, it's amazing. I'll just stick a couple signs on the buildings that are on sale, just price reduced. Price reduce, and it'll make stop and come in here. So I'm always, I'm always trying new things,

Matthias Miller  1:36:10
and even, and I don't know if you've ever done this, I've wanted to try this. I'm sure there are people who have done it. But, you know, I think one of the things you have in your to your advantage is the size of your lot. You can turn it into bit of a destination. But, you know, doing things like a mean, it's, it's too cold for this right now, but in a month or so, you know, some kind of summer kickoff with hot, you know, hot dogs and and homemade ice cream, or ice cream or snow cones or something like that. Yeah, that's an event for the kids. It's relatively low cost, and making a community event and looking at different ways to get the word out there. Again, I'm not saying it's going to bring buyers, but it can bring at least foot traffic and bring awareness to doing.

Speaker 2  1:36:57
Yeah, that'd be that, that that would be great. That sounds like a really great idea.

Matthias Miller  1:37:04
Thank you. You're welcome. All right. Well, you give me, you've given me a lot of information. You made a lot of stuff to think, think about. I'll be talking with Mr. Lara about ways that we can. We said, We can, we can improve. So awesome. Yeah,

Speaker 2  1:37:30
and, you know, I, I just want to reiterate that I'm very grateful for my job, very happy to be here, very blessed. I feel I'm I really am grateful. Yeah, yeah. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:37:44
glad to glad to hear and even apart from the work that I'm doing for Mr. Lower, feel free to you got my number. My life is my life is pretty crazy. I keep spots on my calendar for for people, just whatever I call it office hours. So if you even apart from this, I have, I have no problem. If you want to reach out and say, Hey, can I grab an office hour slide? I want to brainstorm some stuff with you, or need some market ideas, or need I don't even know what fill in the blank. I need to talk to. Do you know somebody who fill in the blank?

Unknown Speaker  1:38:19
Feel free. Thank you. I appreciate that. You're

Matthias Miller  1:38:23
welcome. All right, I

Speaker 2  1:38:25
appreciate it. Crystal. You're welcome. You're very welcome. Thank you. Yeah, if you

Matthias Miller  1:38:29
think of anything else, feel free to holler and yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:38:37
thank you so much for your time. You

Matthias Miller  1:38:39
are welcome. Goodbye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai