Matthias Miller  02:32
Howdy, howdy, howdy, howdy, howdy, howdy. How's life over there?

Speaker 1  02:39
Well, I've been having fun. Good. Can you still hear me clearly my headphones? Yeah, you're good. Okay? Because I did this. I did this on a board call one time. Thought I was on my headphones, and I was like, wandering around the room, and I was on my microphone on my desk, and everybody's like, What did you say? And I'm like, can you guys hear me? And I was like, well, it got really, really quiet. And I was like, quiet. I was like, Oh, all right, I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you what I've been having some fun with.

Matthias Miller  03:20
Let's see. Let's see. Here we go. How

Unknown Speaker  03:30
about this

Matthias Miller  03:32
sweet

Unknown Speaker  03:35
now, you know what we're going to call it only

Matthias Miller  03:38
that is awesome.

Speaker 1  03:39
Now please tell me. Please tell me that I can do this. Please tell me I can do this.

Speaker 1  03:53
Because if I can't put the branding up in the top left hand corner this, I'm gonna have to scratch my head really long and hard.

Matthias Miller  04:02
I'm let me go find out. Give me one second. Let me check some stuff. I'm going

Matthias Miller  04:22
to suspect it's going to have to be a square. Well, actually we might have two. Open Image, SPECT logo, test bar logo. I'm

Matthias Miller  04:59
i. There's This I

Matthias Miller  06:15
Yes, it does look like so I I i hopefully not speaking out of turn, but I don't see any issues. You'll, you'll have to, we'll need a ping and an SVG in the proper dimensions, sure, and a light in the dark. But I don't foresee any issue why we could and and you're gonna have to probably have a conversation with well, then there's also questions about your sub domain. Do you want something like, you know, true point.only.com or, you know, cricket valley.only.com,

Matthias Miller  06:54
and if that's the case, Josh has to be involved.

Unknown Speaker  06:57
Yeah. I mean, we can, I

Matthias Miller  07:02
think it's very solvable. I don't anticipate any issues, but I can't speak for I'm not in charge of branding and not in charge Well, I'm not in charge of branding. I'm also not in charge of additional custom domains. We have support for multiple domains. It's just something that we need to talk through.

Speaker 1  07:20
Yeah, it's, it's way down the line. But I was, here's the, I guess I'm doing this because I am. I am developing the branding to go to the shed Expo and actually have a booth without even a built software. I want to go talk to people about the concept. Yep, I guess you call that pre marketing. I don't know what you call Okay?

Matthias Miller  07:46
Validation, yeah.

Speaker 1  07:48
Is this a fair statement? This, this RTO software powered by database behind 1.2 trillion investment bonds trusted by top 40 banks. I think

Matthias Miller  07:55
it's something like that. Yeah? I mean, I It's over a trillion. I think it's, I think

Speaker 1  08:04
the investor tool says, investor tool says a trillion plus. I think Josh has 1.2 is it? Is it? Am I allowed to say this? I guess is the question I'm I would have if I go, if I brand this way, and go sit at the shed expo or the NSRA. Is somebody gonna get mad if I say this out loud?

Matthias Miller  08:28
I don't, I don't think so. Again, I don't feel like I'm the ultimate stakeholder here. So, but it's probably an Ellis question. It would be, it would really be an Ellis question, yeah,

Speaker 1  08:47
I like my How do you like my branding for our concept, for scoring,

Matthias Miller  08:53
concept, risk, payment, Risk Index. I like it. Our

Speaker 1  08:56
PRI I love it. I really wanted, I really wanted to use RPI because it just, it works better in my head. But I can't make the wording I have listen. So chat GPT came out with their Plus version. The image generations is off the chain. Chat GPT did this branding.

Matthias Miller  09:20
Oh, well, here, let's do this. Let me. Let me send you this. You would appreciate this. Hang on.

Speaker 1  09:35
I really, really wanted to go use rentley, until I found out that's a pretty giant corporation. That's hilarious, because it's well and I started, I dug into, okay, so what is, what is the allowables? Did chat? GPT do this? Yeah. Oh, my. Oh my goodness. So I actually, like, we're rent late being in the real estate and, you know, apartment rental space, we're bringing, you know, shed rental space. It's way too close of an industry. And I'm like, man, so actually went round and round and round only is actually a there is actually a company called only, and it is a Canadian real estate company. And we're there's far enough market separation that I don't think we're going to have an issue

Matthias Miller  10:35
if you don't worry about gummies, beverages and bait pens. Only organics, gummies, beverages and bait, pens, Oh, geez. Do you have the domain?

Speaker 1  10:48
O, W, n, l, y, r t, o.com, it's not a website, yes, but yes, only rto.com.

Matthias Miller  10:53
Only RTO. I love it. Did you talk to John Angela?

Speaker 1  11:00
He never answered me back. I tried to set up a date. I need to, I need to, I need to chase him a little bit.

Matthias Miller  11:08
Yeah, cool, exciting. You're having fun,

Speaker 1  11:15
yeah? So this is actually what I, what I I'm drawing this up for, is the, is the the like, one of these trade show pop up, backgrounds, thingies for for going to the show. And then, just for kicks and giggles, I went and screenshot off of assist. And then, you know, branded it and re, changed the the, the header, you know, options, just, just so I was like, I want to see what, you know, what's crazy is the color, brand, the colors I came up with, match assist, almost perfectly, or match the platform that, yeah, the silver limb platform, well, almost

Matthias Miller  11:59
perfectly. You're gonna be tied, tied at the hip to the branding colors. But, I mean, it works. It works.

Speaker 1  12:06
I'm stoked. I mean, it's like, it just it works. And it's funny, because I went round and round with chat, GPT on, on, coming up with a with the logo for it. And by the time I got done with the logo, I actually went and bought some merch to because I was like, All right, I have to put this. I have to make this in my head happen. Otherwise I'm going to chicken out. At some point, I'm going to chicken out and not do this. So I'm putting enough stuff in place now that I don't I can't quite chicken out anymore.

Matthias Miller  12:42
What's your wife had to say about it? Super excited. That's awesome. That's all you need. You know she's gonna be like, if you, if you chicken out now, she's gonna have you better scruff your neck and be like, Dwayne, come on.

Speaker 1  12:56
Well, I really want to, I need to get with Marty with the shed Expo, and I really want to have my booth be right beside the NBS ra booth. Yeah, at the shed Expo, because I have a valid reason, like, she always helps staff the NBS ra booth, and I want her to do double duty. So it's like, Look, I need my booth right beside there. Stuff, of course, like, Oops, new RTOS platform ends up right beside the nvsra booth. Wouldn't that be

Matthias Miller  13:23
something? That would be something,

Speaker 1  13:26
the more I think about this, like I so shed suite, I don't know, did you tell me? Who told me? Somebody told me recently shed suites coming out with a rent to own program. Okay, and so, which kind of bumped me up, bumped me up. Bum me out for a little bit, but then I'm like, Oh yeah, I've used shed sweet, and they have some things to be desired, right? I mean, I we buy our greenhouses through a company that uses shed sweet, and the thing is slow as can be and, I mean, janky. It's just, I don't know. I'm spoiled, man, I'm just spoiled.

Matthias Miller  14:04
Let's keep you spoiled. Let's keep me spoiled. Good, well,

Unknown Speaker  14:22
I sent you something for So, for notate, for our next call, what did I send to you? Signal, I don't know, finding a better

Matthias Miller  14:33
way to expose payments to so if a customer is five months past due, and a customer says how much to pay, January's payment would be ready. Visible right now. We have to do math breakdown that not due for each month.

Matthias Miller  14:49
Actually, it's in the document

Speaker 1  14:55
already. Okay? I just have a I have a running list of things that I just kind of want. Dig into,

Matthias Miller  15:00
I guess, tell me, tell me, I don't know where, okay, from a traditional go do a high level design standpoint. What we're trying to do is get enough of a full project scope. If you need full project pricing, like, is this going to be 100,000 1,000,010 million? It's not the latter. Or,

Unknown Speaker  15:22
it's not the middle one either, right?

Matthias Miller  15:27
And I can't imagine, but I think there's a couple

Unknown Speaker  15:38
components that we need to talk about yet. I mean, I think that

Speaker 1  15:50
there is, there's some, and I don't know maybe this is two in the weeds. I'll just talk about some of this, and then you tell me if it's two in the weeds or we should get into it. In particular, there is a lot of letter generation. When I say like, like, Form Letter type generation that we do in RTO, in regards to statuses of the account I had, I wrote down a bunch of notes about if there's a well, okay, when it comes to things like note generation or call scripts or a whole bunch of things like that that will need to be able to build. And I know that at this point the wiki documentation does not have the capability to query the database. Is that correct? So we would need it would need to be, you know, kind of like we've done for some other stuff where I'm at, I'm assuming it'll be in our some type of RG with a type to that types the letter, and then an RTF field that you just go build the the letter in is, is what I was expecting. I was hoping that there would be a way that we could use and maybe it's, maybe it's the call scripts thing that we would use, the wiki fields, the wiki documentation for that you could actually access from a customer's account. So like when a when a call comes in, you would be able to very quickly get to particular documentation for call scripts.

Matthias Miller  17:21
So would it be tied to the contractor, to the customer?

Unknown Speaker  17:25
It would be tied to the contract.

Matthias Miller  17:28
I mean, I think, I think probably something along the lines of, let's do this,

Speaker 1  17:38
and if it's, if it's too weedy to get into, it's not really part of this conversation. I just, I wanted to throw this out there, because there is a bunch of this type of stuff, document, letter, documentation, type generation that that does need to query the database, and we're gonna have to come up with a way that, because I want, I want a lot of flexibility around it. Ideally we would have, because it, it's oftentimes generated from the customer's account, and you pick a letter, and it generates and it imports customer fields and, you know, contract information, etc, etc. But I do think there would be a lot of value in if we can tie it into email and SMS automations as well to say, you know, you kick off an automation that says, hey, customers that are X amount past due, like, shoot them an email with this particular document attached,

Matthias Miller  18:29
yep, kind of A thing. So then on the contract, potentially a, okay. How would you want to do this? Would you want to keep a I mean, one of the things that we've done here, let me just, let me just show you we

Matthias Miller  19:01
have something called snippets, and then it can, it can append, it evaluates and appends to the memo, and then you can go fill it in. So you could have something like a templates drop list where you could take a call script or something like that, and all the important pieces that they need to fill in from the call are highlighted, and then you've got the call script and all record of the call. Now, what's the you know, the upside, the downside. Upside is everything's in one place. Downside, man, that ends up being a lot of documentation that you don't necessarily

Speaker 1  19:36
need, maybe. But you know, what I was envisioning more is that we have, we have created call scripts, you know, it that are, I was envisioning, like you would have on the contract record, a number of URLs of call scripts types, and they would just be. They would be, you know, quick URLs to get to that pops up either a modal window or something that just has the document in there. And it's like, while you're on the phone with the customer, you can be making notes, but that thing's over there, like, you can always kind of reference it. Maybe it's in a sub pane, I don't know, something, some way that you can have two things happening at one time, or three things happening at one time. One, you can be making notes. You can be talking to the customer about information their account and always following a particular script for the cadence of that call,

Matthias Miller  20:29
right? Well, I mean, how we end up interfacing it? I don't know how much that matters. Um,

Matthias Miller  20:44
unless you know offhand how you want it like do you want to be? You want folks to drop into the contact bullet, the

Speaker 1  20:48
call script? That's That's too far for the, I think, for this conversation, just, it's one of those things just to kind of stick in there, because, you know, correct me, if I'm wrong on this, on this whole process, that with this high level design, it is, it's, we're not getting into that far in the weeds, right?

Matthias Miller  21:06
We don't need to know. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:16
Okay, um,

Matthias Miller  21:28
here's the two two do that we have left date of entry flow to make it streamline for the person entering the contract. I

Speaker 1  21:51
We kind of tore into this one a little bit. I think, I think probably where I would say we would want to end up as we go build a whiskey workflow that that kind of steps you through all the informational input from customer information, building information, reference information, terms of the contract, etc, etc, which would all be pulled from different types of records. But it would be like it would be a whiskey link on the main, you know, the main menu for contract entry, you click that you end up in a whiskey portal, and you just chug through the information. And then when you hit submit or go, or whatever the button is, it just fires off a whole bunch of imports that that creates all these records and links them all up and does all the magic.

Unknown Speaker  22:47
Did we is that? Is that? I'm sorry you're typing. I

Speaker 1  23:00
uh, unless you think there's a way to do that interactively from database itself, not necessarily going off to whiskey to do it.

Matthias Miller  23:16
Um, well, you're entering multiple record. Well, yeah. I mean, you could. You could, potentially so you could. The biggest thing would be, you're going to want to wait a for the for the Well, I mean, if you don't need to, you can have a custom level that is a contract entry screen that you go through, go through, go through, and then hit save, you would have the PDF open on a different screen or window or something like that. Or you would you still need to upload it to your attach it to the to the record, and then on save, the entry record spawns off, imports and pushes it off to other records in the database, and it could all stay within the database.

Speaker 1  24:05
So I think you had proposed an alternative that said, you start with a particular record type, and every single one of those has a URL for the creation of the next that needs to tie it together. And you just kind of stage through your your record type creation, always clicking, you know, create. You know, whether it's you start with a contact and then create, building or create, you know, it's just you step through a whole, whole process,

Matthias Miller  24:29
right? But the problem with that is that,

Matthias Miller  24:38
the problem with that is that you need to create, well, don't we? We have a, we have a building record, right? A product record, yes, and so you need to, you need to create a that with the serial number. Or did you got to add it to the contact? You need to, sometimes create a new contact. Sometimes you already have the contract contact. If you need, you might need to update the contact information. I think, thinking through the flow, like on a on a contract, the most logical piece,

Matthias Miller  25:30
you could have a very simple contract generator thing that, well, okay, okay, let's do contract entry. Let's do this. Option one, whiskey,

Matthias Miller  25:55
option two. Option two is contract entry record. Silver loom would have a special contract entry record that would collect all the information in an intuitive way. Then kick off imports on the back end, option three.

Matthias Miller  26:39
So you could. So create new contract, search for customer, search and select Customer. If it doesn't exist, click, click the ellipsis. Then to create it, to open a new contact in a new tab, save it and return I'm

Matthias Miller  27:44
then you

Matthias Miller  27:53
select the building fits In inventory if it doesn't exist, follow a similar process as the customer, to set it up, then return and select it. Okay, does that? Does that make any sense whatsoever?

Unknown Speaker  28:19
Yeah, I think so.

Matthias Miller  28:21
So basically we are making, we could make it a little bit easier, so that when you come back to the screen, we say, Oh, hey, you created John Smith. Do you want to use that guy? Oh, yeah, I do kick Okay, that's the guy I want to use. We're good. And then you go do, do the building. Drop, click the ellipsis, or we have a link to create new building. Whatever pops open a new tab and you put it in, hit save, come back and says, Oh, you just created a building. Is that the one you want to use? Yep. And you go all the way through the end, and boom, done. So you do everything from the contract screen, you

Speaker 1  29:07
I'm going to take us on a slight rabbit trail, but I think it bears into somewhat into this conversation, and that is that while, while we do want to do a we want to be able to support two different methods for people who are running an RTO company. One is that it's a single RTO company, like a J mag, who's giant, has loads and loads of contract they have their own instance, there's people like me who are going to want to run a number of rent to own companies inside of a single instance, right? And so I don't want to get into a situation. I mean, I guess when you're you know, okay, so what does that look like on contract entry flow? This probably adds a. Maybe it's, maybe it's that you can maybe there is a multi company type instance of the software where there's a single company instance. Or maybe it's just, it's all one, and you use it as will. I don't know, I've been, I've been mulling rolling this around in my mind as to how to sort of tier this thing in a pricing model, right? So that, you know, if you have, if you're a single little RTO company, and you come to us and you say, you know, I've got 100 contracts. I want to use your software to run it. Well, you you know, the cost to you may be a lot lower than, you know, somebody who's or higher, maybe, I'm not sure, than someone who's running, you know, 10,000 contracts.

Speaker 1  30:52
But it is, it is something I do want to support, where inside, like, so, so for like, brick holder management, we are running, you know, five RTO companies here, I don't want to have to open up a different instance for every single one of those companies, because it would be nice if there's all played nicely together, kind of like so, you know, districts are, you know, inside of assist.

Matthias Miller  31:14
I mean, so could we? Could we just do I mean, why could we have it? Why not just do what we do with accounting? And you, you can, you can configure on your end, whether you allow people to have multiple RTO companies from a billing perspective or whatever. You set a maximum number. And then, and then you just, you have a so over here somewhere, we have something like an RTO, an RTO company, or what do you call it? Yeah, and you've got something like a name and an active and then support for multiple RTO companies may be controlled by some, by, well, I mean, it's one of two, two ways. You can either say, I mean, you don't have to say, give people upgrades. You can just say, here's the pricing. You can add how many companies you want, and we're just gonna, we're just gonna prorate your billing.

Speaker 1  32:23
Well, I guess the other way to look at this is just to say, you know, if we, if we do a percentage of income that passes, more the merrier. Well, that's like, you know, if you want to have five little, tiny, little companies in here, fine. If you want to have one company, you're fine. Nobody cares. Okay. But reverse back for a second. How does, how does silver loom? But how does silver loom charge like? So, so we build this software, and how does like, what's the, what's the pricing model that you guys use that, let's say I'm the company who has all these instances running, how are you? How are you going to charge me? That

Matthias Miller  33:09
needs to be negotiated. If you become a solution partner in some way, then we you could potentially get some of the hosting fees. But I'm not again, that's an Alice question. If there's some work on our end, just to set up and manage instances, roll them out, customize them, unless it literally is a even if it literally is a clone for clone, I feel like I

Matthias Miller  33:44
I'm not in a position to answer that. I can tell you what it's like for me, but I also have special privileges that may or may not continue to the future. I mean, I mean, I don't know, fundamentally the way that you know, fundamentally the way it works is whatever software company, okay? When other people have come to this, when it's been like, I want to build it for my company, but I want to resell it, well, then let's just have the conversation. You can resell it, but it is work for us to make it available to multiple clients. So who's going to fit the bill? And there is an increased maintenance load for having a it's different to have a single $100,000 system and having $100,000 system that has, you know, 20 different clients running on it. So I'm not prepared to answer that, sure that's fair, but, but fundamentally, for each so there's likely going to be some kind of annual maintenance fee. It's maintenance fee, for instance, and there's also likely to be just hosting fee. And I don't know whether you need to mark up from from the hosting fee, or whether there's economy of scale that gets split with you. That's Alice conversation,

Unknown Speaker  34:53
sure, sure. Okay,

Matthias Miller  34:58
so that, but that means. Hear that on the contract, we need an RTO company to active company if there's only one. And I mean, but then what about contacts? You know, there's this, I think, I think, what about contacts that are, I mean, you have separate contact records, one per company.

Matthias Miller  35:30
Like, if you if you have one, you can have the same manufacturer. But for this RTO provider, they use this contact at the manufacturer, this RTO Rotary, they use another one. So the way we've dealt with it in the accounting system is we've split contacts. You have one contact for Indiana, one contact for for North Carolina.

Speaker 1  35:59
Okay, I'm not not 100% following you on the contact thing.

Matthias Miller  36:03
Okay, when you have multiple companies, yep, um, and a customer buys for multiple companies, or a manufacturer deals to multiple RTO companies, then presumably you're gonna have separate contact records, one for each company. This is John Smith with with cricket Valley. And this is John Smith with brick holder RTO.

Speaker 1  36:30
So you're saying, so you're saying, I have a single customer that may have bought from two different RTO companies,

Matthias Miller  36:35
right? Or a manufacturer that does business with two, two different RTO companies,

Matthias Miller  36:46
or do you say contacts aren't tied to a company, only contracts

Unknown Speaker  36:55
and buildings

Matthias Miller  36:59
and buildings

Speaker 1  37:02
so So I guess in the, in the case of, let's think of this, that as one day we expect that I want to have accounting as a part of this, Maybe from the very beginning, I don't know yet. If the contact record itself has no financial implication, only the building and the contract record,

Matthias Miller  37:29
it's descriptive information that's useful but not fundamentally, does well if you issue 1090 nines for manufacture, do you issue 1099 for manufacturers? No, we

Speaker 1  37:43
do not, HR, 1099, because we do not buy wholesale. All RT, to my knowledge, all RTO companies buy retail.

Matthias Miller  37:50
So do you have any other vendors you'll be paying out of your accounting system? I mean, it's not doable. I guess you just use, you know, for those types of things. Anytime you need, you need reporting by contact. I mean, there's ways to handle it. So you can, you can, if you select an accounting company and you're filtering by contact, you can filter down only contacts that have been used within the accounting company. So there's ways to manage it. But fundamentally, you're right. It's a descriptive field, except for real life reporting, types of stuff like 1099, and whatever else might be included.

Speaker 1  38:33
So if, in that case, then if we were going to have, if we had accounting part of the system, do you need? Okay, I guess a manufacturer would become a vendor record. Then, because they would be, they would, we would be buying from them. So that would be a vendor record. So that's which we could then tie vendor records into building record if we wanted to that. I don't think, I don't think we need to pursue anything there, really do we

Matthias Miller  39:02
No? And I think no. I think fundamentally, there's going to be a one to one relationship between an RTO and accounting company and RTO company. No, no. The Well, you don't know. You really don't know. Isn't it possible?

Speaker 1  39:23
That manufacturer buys from more than one that sells to more than one RTO company? It's not normal. It's possible,

Matthias Miller  39:29
but isn't isn't it also possible? Well, this is, this is weird, but is it ever possible that an RTO company, that two RTO companies might share the same accounting? I

Unknown Speaker  39:45
What would be this? Explain?

Matthias Miller  39:50
I don't know why people would do this. Okay, the accounting is to manage the.

Speaker 1  40:03
Uh, well, okay, we already, you already have a model for this in accounting, because we have multiple different companies using the exact same accounting system. Like, you know, we have affordable barn, we have shed time, we have vinyl structures, like those would be, you know, cricket Valley, uh, Overholt rentals, that like those would be the accounting companies that are inside of the system. And I would love to have a more elegant solution than what we've had on the whole vendor thing. But, you know,

Matthias Miller  40:38
I don't I think that one of the reasons why some of that stuff,

Matthias Miller  40:47
I don't, I don't, I can't remember, why we specifically went that direction. I think it's primarily because different companies may need different contact information, like,

Unknown Speaker  41:01
ah, like

Matthias Miller  41:02
North Carolina and Ohio both buy from Provia, but because of their location, one contact is Steve and the other contact is George. I mean, I don't know if that's the exact scenario, but that's the type of thing. But in that case, you can just handle it on one, one off basis, and say, All right. Well, for PREA, we need a pre via cricket Valley, and we need to pre via overhalt and

Speaker 1  41:35
and then how do you handle this on like, check printing, you have a print name, yeah, yeah, okay. So even though you're using a vendor name called, you know, pro via shed, time It prints on the check is pro via it's like you

Matthias Miller  41:50
have a printer, yeah, yeah, yeah. That makes sense. I don't remember exactly. That's fair Check, check name, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  42:07
I think this is, I think it seems it might be worth, I wish I could better remember the rationale

Matthias Miller  42:22
on splitting, splitting vendors apart, but, but I suspect, actually, I suspect most of these are the are issues? Do you want to combine numbers despite different names of the vendor? Is it a trusted vendor? Is it a freight vendor? Uses freight view notes and

Speaker 1  42:41
see so much that stuff is just, it's not relevant to be relevant to this conversation, because the like the accounting side of of RTO is, is, I would say, probably a lot more simplistic than, than you know what, what these manufacturers have going on, just because there's, there's so much more like your vendor list is going to be very, very short, and I would hope so, yeah, it's like, it's just gonna be the manufacturers that you would buy from. And, you know, I'm sure that there will be stuff that we would have to go through, and kind of, there'll be a whole lot of things, but just have to act out, because you're not going to have, you know, uses freight or not uses freight, or some of those types of things. I mean, we are going to need to pay. There is the whole conversation about, you know, and a lot, yeah. But even so, that's so, that's so simplistic, you create a vendor invoice record, and you put the commission in the hall and that you're paying out to the manufacturer for it, and just vendor invoice record, very simplistic vendor invoice record, right?

Speaker 1  43:51
And like all the, all the automation stuff that, like all the IMS stuff like, that's just not even insane, right? Exactly. It's very like that whole side of that whole side of things is very, is very, very, very simplified. Very much simplified. I mean, we, we do need to track buildings as an inventory piece from a and there's a lot of information that we need to track about that building. You know, obviously the revenue that's been generated on that building, the depreciation costs that have been generated on that building. I would like to track other things on there as well at some point, like, you know, repair costs or anything that may happen along the way, like you so you can get an accurate picture of the profit margin of that particular building itself. And then obviously, that building is going to talk to accounting. It's going to, you know, need to tie out GL accounts to certain types of things like that.

Matthias Miller  44:48
Yep, yep.

Speaker 1  44:51
There is, I think, one piece we haven't talked about and that. And I think it's pretty important that we talk about this from the very beginning. Again, we already have a concept for this in. Assist, although I think we need to clean up some stuff. But the whole logistics side of things, um, there are a lot of RTO companies that they are they work with independent haulers to get their repos picked up. And so having having a a hauler app, having a, uh, scheduling, logistics record. I do think one of the things I would love to go back, since we know so much about this now, I think there's a bunch of stuff we'd have to clean up, but for the sake of this conversation, is just it is logistics. Is something we're going to need to incorporate from the very beginning, phase one, yeah, pretty much from phase one because, well, it's two different things. One is to say we need, we're going to need a way to say that this building has been issued for retrieval, whether it's been scheduled and we're doing the scheduling for it, or whether it just goes on reporting somewhere and says we have issued this building out to a hauler to get picked up. And you know, whether that's just sending paperwork out to that hauler or manufacturer, or whatever we do need to do, reporting on, saying this building has been issued for retrieval. And then, obviously, we're going to track dates and times with when that was done and who it was sent to, etc, and some of those types of things.

Matthias Miller  46:32
So we have a contract, we have a buyback. Wouldn't retrieval go under contract? Resolution?

Matthias Miller  46:52
No,

Speaker 1  46:56
yes, although it also needs to track at the building record level. And the reason for that is because, let's say this building gets retrieved, it goes into inventory, gets detached, which is another thing we need to talk about, what happens when a building gets retrieved, and how does it get detached from a contract, etc? And maybe that's too weedy of a conversation, but a building would get detached from a contract at some point, in some way, form or fashion and but we need to be able to track all of that, that history, type information on that building record, like I was tied to this particular contract at one time, and I was retrieved at this point in time. Now, you know, I was resold to this customer like that kind of information on the building record is very, very important. Well,

Matthias Miller  47:41
I mean, the contract is going to stay connected to the building. It will be an inactive contract, but we had this contract on this building at this time for this time period, not fair. So you have that. So then the next thing is

Speaker 1  48:00
and so let me ask you a question about that before you jump off of that. So let's say, for example, we would have some kind of statuses of the contract. Maybe, I don't know, and we never would be able to tie a building to more than one active contract. So unless, if the contracts stay attached, then they have to be in some sort of, some form of closed status, is

Matthias Miller  48:27
what they're thinking. Correct? You can only have one open status at a time.

Unknown Speaker  48:31
Okay? Um,

Speaker 1  48:56
what I like that idea? It would be really nice if, right now, buildings could stay attached to sales orders. Oh, yeah. It would solve a lot of well, I imagine that's where you're going to some degree with this whole buyback thing in assist at some point, Yep,

Matthias Miller  49:19
yeah, once we get to it, I think it's on the slate for this development cycle. But link to building note. What's the note? I

Matthias Miller  49:55
do these statuses look great? Pending customer delivery, active and pen. Retrieval and then inactive slash, complete, okay,

Speaker 1  50:06
well, that brings up a whole that brings up another question, then pre loading contracts before they're delivered. I guess you could handle that through statuses, right? Because it's one thing that gets very, very frustrating with RTO. They came up with the way RTO Pro. They came up with a way to do it. It was, it was janky and, um, just make a note somewhere in here that so that when we go to build this thing that we we really think through this whole process of contract loading, and because you we want an elegant way to pre load contracts. So in other words, if a if a dealer is directly connected to the software, and that building has not been built yet, it's not been delivered yet, that we have a way to keep it in a pending status that's abundantly obvious and doesn't make a bunch of problems.

Speaker 1  51:13
Like, there's a whole bunch of things that, you know, a pre loaded contract, like depreciation hasn't started yet. You know, billing doesn't start yet. There's just a whole bunch of things that don't start until that building is delivered and it's on the books, but you want to have it loaded.

Matthias Miller  51:32
Well, is the building going to have a serial number at that

Unknown Speaker  51:39
point? Yeah, the building would have a serial number, good. So, I mean, like, in our case, you know, here,

Speaker 1  51:51
you know, a building is, you know, a sale is generated, a number is generated as customers, like, all of this information is generated. RTO contract is signed, but it's two weeks later to that. Building's built. It might be three weeks later to that. Later to that building is delivered. But yet, if, if assist was directly connected with the software, it could already have pushed that contract over, and we could have already generated all the records for it. It's sitting there the moment it gets built, moment it gets delivered, it just goes it goes into active service,

Matthias Miller  52:21
right? And then you can also review it and say, Hey guys, we have an RTO building that's been sitting out here for six weeks. What's up?

Speaker 1  52:32
Yeah, exactly, because ideally, you don't pay for it either until it's delivered. Now that's very dependent on, on, on a per company basis, as to when they pay for the where they pay for their buildings. They won't have, need to have flexibility on quote, when a building is ready to be paid. But, you know, for the most part, people don't pay for the building until it's delivered and so yeah, then you would want to have reporting on, on, you know, tending buildings, and you could reach back out to manufacture and say, hey, it's been six weeks since you put this contract on my books. What's the story? Did it get delivered? Did it get canceled? What's going on? I like it.

Matthias Miller  53:22
I love it. I

Speaker 1  54:05
Yep. Total side question. Total total side question. Have you guys done anything in platform updates that would allow for like you have reports and graphs, but have you done anything for a calendar? Need investor tools to get to get be in there. Bonded about putting some kind of calendaring.

Matthias Miller  54:32
Ever shown you this?

Speaker 1  54:35
Have you ever shown me lots they've got way cooler icons. I can figure out how I can get some of those icons on the left side. Exactly. What is, what are some of those icons tied to,

Matthias Miller  54:48
um, clients, or, you mean,

Unknown Speaker  54:52
so they don't, do they have a do they have a menu across the top?

Matthias Miller  54:58
Yeah, it pops out the. This is, it's a new style menu. It's part of the rebrand.

Speaker 1  55:04
Well, that's way cooler. So, so who, whose hand do we need to shake to get some of this? This fun is that is this stuff coming for the rest

Matthias Miller  55:15
of us? Um, let me try something. I

Matthias Miller  55:24
I mean, at some point I would sure think so. Let me pull up.

Speaker 1  55:33
CLS, so is this? Is this calendar very similar to what Josh attempted to do with like some of the build date calendaring.

Matthias Miller  55:42
I have no idea. Excuse me, Jen, gives everything. It's just a report that shows up as a calendar.

Speaker 1  55:49
Yeah, it is. Boy. I wish I knew how to make that thing, because it would be really cool to have some logistics stuff on a calendar like that. Well,

Matthias Miller  56:03
take us 15 minutes time, yeah,

Speaker 1  56:08
but yeah, that would be so it so those are single items on the calendar. Is there? Is there? Is there, like, multiple items on a calendar spot, I mean,

Matthias Miller  56:21
I mean, this is, this is how this works, but rows and you can just group it by by that.

Speaker 1  56:33
I have no idea how that was done, but it's kind of cool. It's at least looks somewhat like a calendar. I it Yeah.

Matthias Miller  56:44
It does Yep. And I think

Matthias Miller  56:55
there was another one that just did somewhere. But anyway, I don't know. Let

Speaker 1  57:05
me ask you, okay, total side question again, but sort of not a side question. Is there any concept for, okay, I'm going to describe this the way that RTO Pro does this, because it's a server based software, and you could run multiple connected companies, but they're, they are their own instances. So in other words, instance a can have its own email address tied to it. Instance B has its own but yet, when you, when you log into the interface, you are and you query for a customer, it's querying all the the the company, the networked companies inside that server. You don't necessarily have a concept for that well, and the main reason I'm asking is because, if we have a single instance that's running multiple companies, we run into this email thing. Again, I

Matthias Miller  58:03
but why would you just have a

Unknown Speaker  58:10
like we're doing right now with the shit solutions thing,

Matthias Miller  58:14
with a reply to address, like send everything from that with a reply to back to the RTO company's email address.

Unknown Speaker  58:22
That's fair, that's fair, that's fair.

Unknown Speaker  58:40
What haven't we talked about yet?

Unknown Speaker  58:49
So the

Matthias Miller  58:59
biggest thing on payments do.

Speaker 1  59:07
This is the one I sent you a note about. Yeah, what you're really looking for. Let me explain. But Did I explain it to you? I

Matthias Miller  59:16
mean, I think it's, it's the okay. So somebody's three months behind, they want to say, hey, can we, can I catch up one month?

Speaker 1  59:27
Yeah. So the way that Francine posed This to me was essentially that for every month they would do it, it there that would be due, you would have another RG line of the monthly rent, the and the late fee that or end the in, the damage waiver fee like that, whatever, whatever is tied to that particular payment, every payment that's due would show up as a new RG line so that a and it's and what month it was due for. So what's the what's the date that it was due, and all the information tied to that month, so that a customer calls in and says. Says, hey, I want to get caught. I want to get current for January's payment. Like I'm I'm four months behind. I can pay January's today. And you could very easily look and say, okay, January's would be this number, and you can apply it directly to that month. And or you could have another option that just says, pay it all current. You just punch in the number and just, you know, runs them all. I

Matthias Miller  1:00:25
think basically what you do is, can you just have payments be and, well, I mean,

Matthias Miller  1:00:40
okay, so you can't, I think what you need is a, I mean, if You want to, really, I

Speaker 1  1:01:24
and you are free to argue with me, because this is, this is a concept, like, is there a better way to do it? This was francine's idea. I'm not 100% sold on this idea. I do agree with her, like having a having one line that says, Your four months pat your four payments past due, and here's a big lump sum of of late fees and a big lump sum of rent that's due. Is not helpful. But is there a better way to to like to expose,

Matthias Miller  1:01:57
I think it could be a simple report of a balance due breakdown. So you have, effectively, you take a look at everything that's been paid, and then you look at everything that was due, and

Speaker 1  1:02:18
you have, like, an URL on the record that you clicked, and it would pop open and it would give you, here it is. Here's what's due, and it just break it down by every single month.

Matthias Miller  1:02:37
I mean, do you guys ever waive late fees? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  1:02:40
a lot.

Matthias Miller  1:02:47
And so that's where it'd be nice to

Speaker 1  1:02:48
to have it all in our G's, yeah, because you could just, you could wipe out a payment, a late fee section, and hit run all you know, or, you know, run, check these two and run these. Or, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  1:03:02
But then do you want to tie payments back to the month that it was it was four? Yes, then you

Matthias Miller  1:03:16
need to combine multiple date and multiple dates. And theoretically, you could have somebody call up and say, Hey, I've got these two contracts. Can I pay these two contracts at once? Yes, so don't you need a separate payment record? Yes, I

Speaker 1  1:03:46
Okay, so we have, and I'm fine. If you want to stick a you stick a section in here that just says, you know, that breaks down the idea. And, you know, we kick this down the road to to a long call where we really gets into the nuts and bolts of how to make this work. It is, it is one of those ease of visibility things that I think would be really super helpful. Now, like I said, if, if you want to, if you want to do it in some kind of, you know, pop up reporting of what payments of due or, I don't know, I don't know how you want to, like, there's a number of ways, I think that you can slice this pie just for the ease of sitting there with a customer. It would be nice.

Matthias Miller  1:04:35
So, okay, let's say you do it just monthly fees. Accumulation of monthly fees. You have a due date. You have the amount due, you have the late fee, you have the the dwf. Do you? Do you have the dwf as a separate? I mean, that's always, I mean, that's, that's the separate, yep. So it's just, I mean, you want that broken out.

Unknown Speaker  1:04:58
You. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  1:05:03
And then is this The, is this the bait? What do you call that base amount? Do, monthly rent, okay, monthly rent.

Speaker 1  1:05:16
I think the way that these are rental fees, yeah, I think the way that RTO Pro does this, if I'm not mistaken, I don't have it open, as I can tell you, but I want to say the row breaks it down by its components. So monthly rent, sales tax, late fees, BWF, you know, and you know, date due. I think they also put a next date due if you paid the whole thing, or something like that. All that kind of information can be there. But because when you break this down into the payment history, everything is broken down. So each each column is, you know, its component,

Matthias Miller  1:06:00
okay, so then we have payment record, which has the RTO contract. Well, okay, no, it's the customer and it's I

Speaker 1  1:06:26
do you think you need to generate an ID for that payment row for printing of receipt purposes,

Matthias Miller  1:06:34
the rental fee of the payment

Speaker 1  1:06:38
Well, it would be, I I think the way that RTO pro handles this is like, if, if I owe four months, and I paid four months, it's going to show up as one row of payment, as a lump sum for each category, for each component, category, component, whatever you call it. Now you could say, I could see us going another diff. Well, no, that's,

Matthias Miller  1:07:06
well, you could say total payment. You know, you paid $500 on this date. 250 went to this rental. 250 went to or their 10 goes to dwf, and 10 goes to leave here. You know, however that gets broken down.

Matthias Miller  1:07:30
Now, can we, can we have a rule that when you make a payment against something that, okay, let's say you have, it's 250 and 10. So $200 rent, 50, late fee, 10, damage waivers. So if you make a $210 payment, 200 goes to the rent, 10 goes to the late fee, and we work down the list. Or do you need to spell out on the payment? If the payment is less than the total payment, where's that going? Or do you pay off late fee for dwf there?

Speaker 1  1:08:01
There's a there's a number of ways that this can be handled, and every company does a little bit something different. So underpayments and overpayments, okay? Because it's the same question. So in RTO Pro, if you do, let's say you do underpayments, you have the option of doing two different things, letting the next date, do just recalculate. So let's say you're doing the first of the month, and you pay a payment and a half. Well, that would be, you would then be due on the, you know, month and a half from now, in on the 15th, right? Well, that another way that they will do that is they actually, some companies will, they want to keep you on the first and the 15th and so over and under payments. You did make a decision whether you're going to go forward or backwards with with resetting the due date,

Matthias Miller  1:08:51
but this is a

Speaker 1  1:08:56
now RTO Pro has this other concept of what's called free money. In other words, if you underpay and you move the due date forward, in theory, you gave them credit for money they did not pay. And RTO pro actually tracks that money as $1 value on some reporting. And because essentially, in there, in we've never looked at it this way. We've always looked at this as a billing cycle, you know, cleanliness issue, and because we say, well, it's not lost. It's like, yes, we gave you some time like you got two months worth of time frame and when you only paid a month and a half. But it's not like, I gave you that money. The contract balance is still the contract balance. It's like, when you get to the end of the contractor you pay it off, you still have to pay it, but it does. It does track that as what's called free money.

Matthias Miller  1:09:52
And so, I mean, basically, if we hadn't given this to you, we would have had six months of this, of these funds tied up in another rental contract, which you cost us money by doing. That, yeah, and

Speaker 1  1:10:01
I think they actually like, if you, I think it's actually a company setting that if you decided to actually, if you over or underpay, it tracks that money both as a positive and a negative. And it always is there when you open the screen to say, Do you want to actually get caught up? In other words, pay all your free money, plus whatever you currently do, or do you want to say, you know, short, this payment, if you, let's say you overpaid, if you overpaid, well, then there's extra money sitting there that we can apply to a half paying the next time you follow the concept, right?

Matthias Miller  1:10:37
Well, but then, but then, there's also the early Pay option, where you your payment cycles continue. You just you'll get done sooner.

Speaker 1  1:10:45
Now, a lot of us, RTO companies have gone to dynamic due dates. In other words, if you call in to pay a payment and a half, well, you just went from the first to the 15th of the next month. You know, it's and if you paid, you know, if you paid one and two thirds payment, well, then you end up on some odd date somewhere, and some customers hate it, some customers like it, and some don't care. And it's like we've kind of adopted this dynamic due date thing, where no matter what you pay, it always calculates that and recalculates the next due date, and that is what it is the next time. So when you call in the next time and you make your payment or you go online, it's like, that's what's always reflected. So those are some options that we're going to have to capture, because they are, they are things that RTO companies use to varying degrees. I always hated the free money or excess money concept because it's, it's confusing to the customer service rep unless you fully, fully understood it and right? And so a lot of it was a feature for a while, and then people just kind of went away from it. But it is if, if you said, Ah, Dwayne, I got this most elegant way to go about this, I'd be all ears.

Matthias Miller  1:12:07
Well, what I like to like, what I love to avoid, and I don't know if we can, but I love to avoid is having six different companies with 20 different ways to handle it. And I know it's not quite that bad, but it feels slightly like it just from the outside coming in. Dynamic due dates make a lot of sense. But you can also do dynamic due dates where you can say, well, if you if you do 1.4 times your payment, then you can then, well, you're still on the first sorry. But if you want to bump your due date, then you got to get up to this. And you can, you can configure in the company when you want those due dates to be or maybe it's always just one in 15th. I don't know. The variable due dates also make a lot of sense where like you are, but I but I'm assuming, then what happens is there should be a minimum payment that, at a minimum you pay off Damage Waiver fee and late fee,

Speaker 1  1:13:07
or no, not necessarily. That's always been kind of left up to discretion of the of the customer service rep, if, if the customer, if you call up and say, I got five bucks today, well, yeah, I mean, you could, I think it would be, how would we want to handle it? It probably pays all of some everything. But if you have a damage waiver fee on it's like, you can't exactly pay a half a damage waiver fee, because it's like, that's not quite how Damage Waiver fee works. So, I mean, maybe there is a minimum payment, like, at minimum, if there is a damage waiver fee on the account, like, you have to pay that. Like, so I kind of, I almost want to agree with you that you have to pay, you have to pay a mint like, there's, maybe it's a system switch that says, here's the minimum payment per month that someone has to pay, right? I mean, ideally, ideally, if you wanted to get really, really crafty with this, the users on the account would have, would have a setting that you say, okay, user A over here is highly functional in their ability to get money from a customer. So we're not going to set a minimum cap on here, but this one over here tends to give way too much away. So we're going to put a cap on that one to say you always have to get X amount out of a customer in order to pay something that would be kind of cool.

Matthias Miller  1:14:48
Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  1:14:58
payment, i. I'm a little No, is this bordering on getting in the weeds, but I'm also a little scared of this is this is a big enough? Could be a big enough, gotcha that.

Matthias Miller  1:15:19
So let's see if you, if you make a partial payment. Okay, so this, so this could be something like,

Matthias Miller  1:15:37
Don't you really end up with saying, here's the fee, here's a write off, or payment to zero it out. And how do you want to handle the difference? And really, dwf has to be paid. Like, what else can you do? Late Fee can be waived, and rent can be partial, can be partial, and can be and then that can be, it can be handled partially, with flexible due dates.

Speaker 1  1:16:21
Well, I do think okay, I instinctively, I would say that the next due date would be auto calculated, but it always be editable, and this, this allows you to get around this whole dynamic due you don't, if a company doesn't want to use dynamic due dates, so every time you run that customer and they pay a partial payment and you end up with some odd recalculated date, well, you can override it back to the first of the 15th. No big deal, right? You know, in and ideally, you know, it's a reporting thing, I'm assuming, probably out of modification history, to say, you know, if you really want to start tracking free money concepts now, overpayments, this is one of those areas where I just want to say there's two options you have that we would in phase one. One is dynamic due dates. That's the default, like, we're going to recalculate that customer's due date based on what they pay. Yep, but you also have the option to override it.

Matthias Miller  1:17:35
Yeah, you can always go into edit.

Speaker 1  1:17:38
But, and that could be it, that could be a permission switch on a per user's basis to say they have the right to override due dates, or they don't have the right to override due dates.

Matthias Miller  1:17:53
But could you we, if we wanted to, we could say, I don't know. I'm still confused by this. All right, so you're accumulating rental fees. And we have a process by which, every time you pay, you go add another, you know, you calculate the due date, and you go add another due date row. So there's always, always at least one unpaid, unpaid row out there somewhere. I Yeah, somebody comes in and says, I want to pay $5 is it a hard and fast you have to pay Damage Waiver fee.

Speaker 1  1:18:38
So I think what you're advocating for is a company system switch that says there is, there is a global default amount that you have to pay, am I? Is that what you're advocating for?

Matthias Miller  1:18:52
Here's what it feels like to me. We don't have anything tangible we're developing for, and we're wanting to manage scopes that we know whether that we're going to add add, you know, I don't know 10 to you know, are we going to add a grand or 10 grand or 20 grand to the project to manage all the different ways that payments can be handled and and we don't know for sure how people want to handle it and what kind of concessions we can make in order to make it work. This seems inordinately complicated.

Speaker 1  1:19:23
And it is inordinately complicated, complicated, and it is something that we're gonna have to spend a lot of time on, because it is the, it is the core component of what takes place in RTO, right? And, yeah, every company's like, this is like a marketing tool. For a lot of people, it's like, oh, you know, Mr. Customer, you know, if you get, if you get current today, I'll waive these late fees, or I'll do this, or I'll do that. Or, you know, or look, I'll pay your damage waiver fee. IE, I'm gonna, you're still gonna pay the Damage Waiver fee. I'll just take it out of your rent and move your due date forward. Or, you know, everybody kind of plays around with this as. As as leverage to get that customer to give you money. And so there needs to be a lot of flexibility here.

Matthias Miller  1:20:13
But if we had a way to say, Okay, if we had a way to say, let's say people, we completely leave it open and and funds are always applied in the following order. If a customer makes a payment, it first goes to the Damage Waiver fee. If it covers that, then it goes to the late fee. And if it covers that, it goes to the monthly rent.

Speaker 1  1:20:40
And I would go, I would go damage, waiver fee, rent and then late fee,

Matthias Miller  1:20:49
versus forcing people to waive the late fee.

Unknown Speaker  1:20:53
Versus, okay, well,

Speaker 1  1:21:02
I think I'm digging back through the cobwebs of the history of time. I'm thinking that in our to pro if I owed $154.50

Speaker 1  1:21:20
so that would be $100 of rent, $50 late fees, and $4.50 of damage waiver fee. I think that if I paid $150 the the the shortfall of $4.50 usually ends up on the late fee. That's where the shortfall comes in,

Matthias Miller  1:21:43
and is the late fee balance carried forward? Yes,

Speaker 1  1:21:48
the late fee balance is always carried forward, unless the unless the use the customer service rep zeros it out.

Matthias Miller  1:21:58
Okay, this is helpful, because if we could at least say that it's always applied in this order. It makes our lives substantially easier.

Speaker 1  1:22:12
Yes, I'm pretty sure it's in that order, and it makes it that order also makes sense in my head, because late fees are, they're flexible, right? You got to pay your rent, and you if you want to have Damage Waiver fee, you got to pay it, right? Late fees are at the discretion of the customer service rep and the company to say, we are going to be hard and fast and make you pay your late fees, or we're going to fudge them?

Speaker 1  1:22:47
So ideally, let's, let's, let's follow this scenario just a slight bit longer. And let's say I owe $154.50 and I come in in a I don't know how you would exactly do is where you would put the dollar value in that you're going to pay today, but whatever the pay today field is, I drop 150 divorce, $150 in there, and I hit pay, and we go through whatever payment method I'm using, when that, when You, when you reopen that contract again, it would show $4.50 worth of late fees still left there to pay. Now at that point, the customer service rep could say, I'm a happy day today. You were a good customer. Wipe it Out. Save

Matthias Miller  1:23:36
Right, right. Okay, so,

Matthias Miller  1:24:02
so, really at that point, then it's payment customer and

Unknown Speaker  1:24:44
good, gracious. At three o'clock already,

Matthias Miller  1:24:47
I went fast. It did go fast. So we have rent payment. We have I.

Matthias Miller  1:25:03
In some ways, with this structure, makes sense to put DW first, then rent, then late fee, but that's kind of weird.

Unknown Speaker  1:25:08
Yeah, it would be weird.

Matthias Miller  1:25:13
Okay, so then you see the payment amount, and you see the the balance.

Matthias Miller  1:25:37
And you might actually want to be able to see i i might actually want to see the rent the rent balance I

Matthias Miller  1:26:06
uh, something like that.

Speaker 1  1:26:10
Now, you know, it'd be really cool. Tell me, is that? Is that okay? I'm envisioning the contract record you've got contracts are tied there, your months that are due, etc, etc. You put the numbers in that you want to pay today, and you have some sort of preview button. Let's say, for example, you have, if you also had, your contract balance, your payoff, your early payoff balance, like all of these high level numbers there as well, and you could hit preview, and it would automatically look like it processed it, so you could see what your numbers would be like. Because here's a here's one that comes up all the time. Customer says, Well, if I pay $500 today, what's going to be my early cash payoff? So that you could preview putting in 500 bucks, and you could see exactly what the contract balance and the early cash payoff, and some of those numbers would be.

Matthias Miller  1:27:07
Well, it's also a great tactic to say, if your early payoff is $5,011 and you could say, Hey, by the way, if you just put another 11 bucks down, we'll take your early payoff down to five grand. Around five grand,

Speaker 1  1:27:19
yeah, yeah. Those kinds of things a way to to preview, you know, what you're going to pay today, and where does that put your numbers? All right, Mr. Customer, you know, if you just pay this extra amount, it's going to put you to there. Okay, I'll put the extra amount in.

Matthias Miller  1:27:34
Okay, so it's something like, I

Matthias Miller  1:27:43
Okay, you have a preview which would be next due date. You would it would be remaining months and early payoff amount. Well,

Speaker 1  1:27:56
remaining months would be tied to, you know, contract balance and remaining months early cash payoff. Wait, it would also show you contract paid. In other words, you paid $6,000 so far, which is equal to X amount of months. Like, what has been paid? What is the contract balance with its months? What's the early cash payoff? Like it would have that kind of, what's your next due and and so on and so forth.

Matthias Miller  1:28:24
I mean, like this. Where are you at here?

Speaker 1  1:28:32
Okay, preview, contract, paid. Contract, paid months. Contract balance. Contract balance month, next due date, Early, cash payoff. That's exactly it.

Matthias Miller  1:29:06
And then that handles this,

Matthias Miller  1:29:20
right? So, okay, contract pre loading, well, I guess we're the end of our time, so I can probably go for another five or 10 minutes.

Speaker 1  1:29:33
Well, I think for let's make some, let's make some things to discuss for next call. Contract pre loading, yep, I think also we're going to have to discuss multi company, credit card accounts. I mean, I guess we already do that in assist anyway, with, I guess that's tied to a company record. I mean, that's, that's not even a conversation. We already do that in assists. I. It's nothing special, right? You

Matthias Miller  1:30:02
mean being able to collect payments from multiple companies, and I mean as long as, as long as you're paying

Speaker 1  1:30:07
that are tied up to their own credit card account, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:30:12
yeah, as long as you get any number of ways. But if we're running it through stripe, and I mean that merchant processing is a question, I think it's also pretty interesting to use something like authorized.net as a gateway, which I know it's not anywhere near as. It's the classic. Do you want to make it easy for development? Or do you want to make it easy on your on your done, your fees, but, but you know, fundamentally, it doesn't matter whether you're using the same merchant account or not across multiple companies, as long as you are tracking on the payment what merchant account you made the payment with and what the transaction ID was for it.

Speaker 1  1:30:56
Yeah. I mean, the main thing I you know, whether we use stripe or authorized.net or whatever we use. It's the same concept when we're in the configurator. And so, okay, so like, for like, if I pull up a, if I pull up a true point backyard, two point backyard building sales order, and I go down there and hit the credit card payment. It just knows where to what credit card account to hit. It pings it, it hits the right company. Everything just happens correctly. And so that concept wouldn't need to make sure that we do for both ACH and credit card, whatever forms of payment that we do. Now that being said, I would love to explore the idea of, you know, this idea of, can I have a front end platform that I integrate with that allows me to connect to say, you know, XYZ, credit card, you know, service provider like it. Can I, can I have a front end for this thing that can then they do the work that to hook up with these other types of credit card providers, so we're not locked in, like, company A in a multi company situation, they might want to use stripe, they the other one might want to use clearance, the other one might want to use x charge. You know, like, can we? Can we support that? Well, I

Matthias Miller  1:32:22
think the way people typically deal with that is through payment gateways, and then you just swap out on the back end what your payment gateway is, with the exception perhaps of stripe, essentially functioning as a payment gateway. Now it might be completely blown smoke with what I'm saying, but that's that's my understanding. I so just to make

Speaker 1  1:32:45
sure that gateways and the actual underlining London underlying provider are not necessarily a one to one ratio.

Matthias Miller  1:32:53
No, it's not. So I'm using, I'm using a company called deposit with a Y. They're using gate authorized.net as my gateway, and my understanding is that they pick the processor on the back end based on my volume and my transaction patterns. And so I integrate GHL and thrive cart with with authorized.net and they can do whatever they need to on the back end with the merchant processor. And

Speaker 1  1:33:24
everything just quietly works. And I'm assuming that you could go to authorize.net, say, hook me up to this processor.

Matthias Miller  1:33:32
I'm going to assume. So I've never,

Speaker 1  1:33:34
I'm sure they have a, I'm sure they have a approved list of some sort, but yeah, right.

Matthias Miller  1:33:40
I mean, it's Yeah, authorizing that is almost ubiquitous, so we be shocked. If you I don't know, some of these are, have wide support, yeah, okay.

Speaker 1  1:33:53
All right, sir, it's 306, now your five minutes are, are done until next time. All

Matthias Miller  1:33:59
right. Sounds good. Appreciate it. Thank you, sir, do it. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai