Matthias Miller  00:01
Matthias, so welcome to pub in the desert, where we bring you honest, curious conversations about faith in the human experience. I'm Matthias Miller here with my co host, Kevin David critner. So before we dive in, I want to recap our three guiding principles. First, you don't need to be fixed. You need to be known. And we believe that love is knowing and being known. Second, we approach difficult topics with genuine curiosity. We're not here to win arguments, but to understand and third, we don't come with preset agendas. We let conversations unfold naturally, following where authenticity lead us. So pull up a chair, grab a drink, and let's explore what union looks like with God, with others and with ourselves. So Kevin, I know that there have been some things that you've been thinking about over the past week, and

Kevin David Kridner  00:46
how much time do we have?

Matthias Miller  00:47
No How many appointments can we reschedule? Right?

Kevin David Kridner  00:55
Oh, man, yeah, maybe I'll just go recently. I get, I get in these thought processes, somebody says something, and then my head just starts going and going and going. I start thinking about it. So the most recent one is the definitive statements that Jesus makes, and how actually rare I think they are. But when they're rare, you really need to pay attention to them. So one like, you know, I will never leave you, nor forsake you. Never is a pretty finite word, right? And so I think, like, like, I've just been like, I went down this rabbit hole of researching some of the definitive statements he makes, and they all seem to center around presence, around union, around connection, around trust. And that was just, you know, that was such a powerful thing for for me to just have laid out before me. It's not that I never heard those verses before. You know, it's just like to have them lined up end to end. Pretty powerful. Like, like, he makes a statement. I think it's in Luke, you know, like, nobody will take you from my hand, right? Pretty definitive. No one.

Matthias Miller  02:32
It's very definitive, very Absolutely.

Kevin David Kridner  02:37
You won't go hungry. You won't be and it's not this, this temporal, physical type of response. He's not saying you'll never go without food or you never go without water. He's saying like, you'll never be without me. Yeah, man, that was just powerful, just to go down that rabbit hole for a few days.

Matthias Miller  03:04
So I would curious question with that. So what are some examples of non definitive statements that Jesus makes?

Kevin David Kridner  03:11
Oh, wow. Well, I think in a very rabbinic way, a lot of what he's doing is asking questions, right? You know. And so some of those non definitive things are just, you know, what do you think about this?

Matthias Miller  03:29
The most obvious one parables, parables are very non definitive. It's like, you go figure what out, what this means, right? And even, and there's actually he uses that phrase. Go figure out what this means. He desires mercy, not judgment, or not sacrifice

Kevin David Kridner  03:48
or like he's done. He's telling the parable, and walks away. And the disciples are like, thoroughly, get that. What were you talking about? Why do you speak in riddles? And then how does he respond when they ask him that question, so that they would hear and not understand?

Matthias Miller  04:11
So is it? This is, you know, very much just exploring and playing around with the idea. But, I mean, I have to think of the at least in the circles I've been in, often quoted verse about, it's the glory of God to conceal a matter, and the glory of kings to seek it out. And, and, I mean, there's, there's some sense in which a lot of these parables are, I mean, there's a little picture of, I mean, kind of the picture of, you know, a boy and his dog, and like tossing a stick and playing around and wrestling with it and and it's almost like these are an invitation for us to sink our teeth into it and wrestle with him, and he's more interested you get, you get the picture of him being like, All right, here's, here's the bait, the Bates. The Bates. Riddled but, but the prize is actually like, can we just engage with this on this together?

Kevin David Kridner  05:07
Right? I had a pastor years ago who used to make this statement all the time. My goal is not to get you to agree with me. My goal is to provoke you. Provoke you to thought provoke you to wrestle with under that thought process. And you know, I think that that's the whole goal, and maybe that's part of the problem with church culture as it is, is we go to church looking for answers from somebody standing on the podium when the whole job is to engage in a conversation. I had this idea of it years that church should be a conversation, just on a very basic level, as far as human beings learn, we know from the science that from lecture, human beings have a tendency to just so for shortly into the process, it's supposed to be a conversation. It's supposed to be interactive. It's why Socrates taught the way he did. It's why Rabbis taught the way they did. You know, it's not I'm the answer, man, let's have a conversation about this. Let's wrestle with this. CS Lewis talks about, I forget that, this older mentor, I forget what his name was anyways, where he's an old Scottish guy, and he said he was the hardest. He was so hard on me, like everything I said, he tore apart, and everything I said was responded with a question. And then he looks back, he goes, that's why I can critically think that's why I'm so curious. And to me, that's the model.

Matthias Miller  06:54
But I think you and I have had this conversation. We have a church here in in my area, that they have one traditional kind of, your traditional service, and then they have another service that's centered around round tables. And the whole idea is around this, like, let's engage in conversation around scripture. As you know, we're all together as a, as a, as a group, but we're we're in these small groups where we can actually engage in conversation. And I think one of the challenges you see in the bigger the group gets for conversation, the more the more you have the people who are, you know, verbal thinkers, taking over the entire conversation, and the more difficult it is to make space for everybody

Kevin David Kridner  07:44
to always the problem right? To make space for everybody to contribute. But there's a big flashing red light. There's an elephant in the room that nobody seems to be willing to acknowledge. How do you solve that problem?

Matthias Miller  08:01
Well, can we just Okay, so first, it's very interesting, because the basic promise of the church is that there is a seat forever there's room for everybody. Like, I don't know of any church, even if you're the most business minded, growth oriented, you know, maybe you'll disqualify some people, but you're looking to get, you know, we have a seat for everybody. So it's very fascinating that Exactly, exactly, but, but I think, I think there also has to be this. Well, one of the things I find fascinating about Jesus and his disciples is he's walking through life and he's pointing at, you know, we imagine this, like, like, Jesus is in a conversation, or he's in thought, or he's, he something is going on, and he's, he looks up and he sees this physical thing. He says, Here is this physical thing the kingdom of God is like, like, this, yeah, and it, it has the sense that it's not, not a premeditated act. It's like, okay, what do I have that these people can relate to? What I find with many of these conversations is that these types of conversations, and even how we engage in with scripture in a church context, is is built primarily for abstract thinkers. And there's a whole segment of of the, I don't know, I don't know what the number is. Maybe it's, it's maybe a third of the population that we that we abandon in some way. Because, I mean, yeah, we bring in, we try to bring in some practical, some stories, some, some practical, some, some people do this more than others. But, like, here's an object that represents this, but, but where's the where's the engagement for the this is the gospel. This is scripture with skin on this. This is how we actually, tactically live it out. This is what it. Uh, so there's where my that's my, my rambling answer to your question, but

Kevin David Kridner  10:09
yeah, I mean to me, the elephant in the room is, it's the size. That's the problem, right? That's the elephant in the room that nobody wants to acknowledge. Why not? Unless you have congregation of 1500 200 whatever the case may be, we all know that that is unworkable. Just on human nature alone. It is unworkable. Relationally, the bigger the group, the more self protective, hiding kingdom, making click, things are going to happen, right? John? John Eldridge talks about, in like his idea, he's walked this out for a number of years. He talks about, there's these gatherings should be no larger than 10 to 15 people, because what that tells us is any larger than that, that decreases the knowing and being known of everybody in the community, so it starts to separate and isolate. But in that 10 to 15 size, everybody can know everybody else. Now that doesn't mean that everybody will know everybody else, because it means we have to be brutally honest and vulnerable within the circle. But everybody can know everybody else. We can know what's going on with each other, and everybody has a voice and can speak into it.

Matthias Miller  11:35
Well, I mean, in the let's jump over into the business world. You don't have the pastor, okay? Like number of direct reports that a person can manage, you're going to have, if you're actively involved, you're going to have fun trying to manage 10 direct reports. Just from a, you know, bandwidth perspective like this is not so, you know, interesting diversion from, you know, other parts of the world where we see this, this type of relational bandwidth, um, so then the question is, why? What do we have to lose? Because, I think in there's a logical reason for having big churches that we defend, through which we defend it, it's, it's, and the things I've historically heard have been especially, especially in the church culture that I was raised in, there was very much fear of being led astray. So if you, if you have a big group, there's safety in numbers. And so we're not, we're less likely to be deceived when we're in a big group. Then, then there's also just the economics of it, like there's the economy of scale efficiency, like we can actually, you know, by some measure we can. We can take better care of the poor. We can. We can get a pastor who can actually, you know, actually has time to study the Word and to preach. We have the capacity to have kids programs and all of these types of things that happen. You know, there's

Kevin David Kridner  13:14
so, yeah.

Matthias Miller  13:18
So it stands to reason then, that we have something to lose from moving away from it. So how would you, first of all, are those the primary objections that people have to moving away from, you know, moving away from more than 15 people to, you know, that size, and if so, how would you address Yeah, it's a

Kevin David Kridner  13:43
fascinating question, and I'm not saying that you wouldn't have big group gatherings by any stretch of imagination, because you need the larger body of Christ, of course. But how does that happen? I think it's the case. Well, all those objections that you read, you you speak, I think those are all subtle justifications. I don't think they hold water, and I don't think they're the real reason why I think there's a more core component underneath it. Yeah, did I think it's about power dynamics. I think it's about, you may say, safety in numbers. I would say I was just talking about this with my spiritual director yesterday, and he asked me about about separation, about about division within community. And I said, I think division and community is the primary tool of the enemy. If God is about union and oneness, then the enemy. Is about disunion and separation, and we have separated ourselves so much within denominations like, let's just look at the church world. We've separated ourselves so much. And I personally think that most denominations are simply just ego manifestation. I feel safer in people that think this way, so I'm going to congregate just with people that think this way. And if you want to come to our space and do things our way, then you're you're accepted. If you want, if you don't want to do that, then there's a power dynamic that develops, and we're going to debate and we're going to fight and we're going to wrestle, and we're going to get into the whole Calvinist, reformed charismatic Baptist and these, this is why they're wrong, and this is why they're wrong, and that kind of thing. And it's all division, and it's all driven by the enemy. And so for me, like it's, I believe, and this, this is not prophecy, this is not biblical, anything like that. I think at the end of it all, God's going to be standing there, and he look at us and goes, you know, you probably could have been more effective together, just a personal belief.

Matthias Miller  16:27
Well, I mean, I find it fascinating how, how there have been studies around political leanings and big five traits as just as one example. And it's true that certain denominations tend to attract certain types of personalities, and it's only natural. And I think sometimes when you're looking for reinforcement to justify or to validate who you are, and in some sense, seeing somebody else like myself gives me a way to borrow worthiness, like if they're worthy, then I must be worthy to and

Kevin David Kridner  17:12
there's a very holy human process behind that, like I'm not alone, right? Like I can see somebody who struggles with this, that or the other thing? And, like, I struggle with this as well, and I'm not alone. Okay, totally get that, but the problem becomes when you define yourself by that, right? I was meeting with a guy number of years ago who was kind of struggling, struggling with homosexuality and same sex tendencies, you know, and all that, all that kind of stuff. And I sat and I listened to him and and, you know, we walked through months and months and months and into a certain point, it came down to, how do you identify yourself? He was solely identifying himself by his sexual preference. And I don't care what that one thing is, if you are defining yourself as one thing, whether it's my denomination, whether it's my sexual preference, whether it's the type of tacos I like to eat. Either way, it's going to be super dangerous, because you are dynamic and and and ever changing and growing and developing, and no one thing can define who you are, aside from a child of God made in His image, like that is the reality of it. But even within that, your your your Imago day, your image of godness, is also conditioned by my experience in this world. Every one of us has an absolutely unique experience, things I've heard, things I've said things I've watched things I've I've not watched, like all of these things that come together make us absolutely unique, utterly unique, and yet at the same time, this is, this is the mystery of creation, completely and utterly same. At the same time, and so like that. To me, that's the issue with with with denominations, with church gatherings, where it's completely identifying yourself by one thing. This is who we are. I believe in predestination. This defines the entirety of my my view of God, or I believe in a God of justice. I believe in a God of mercy. I believe in God. Well, you know what? You don't get to define who God is. God is so much bigger than all of that was thinking about this. Yesterday. Sorry, I'm ranting.

Unknown Speaker  20:04
Let's think about

Kevin David Kridner  20:07
this yesterday. If God is outside of time, which I believe he is, Scripture tells us he is. Imagine this. Everything happens in the present for him now. Now imagine all human suffering, all human evil, all of this hits him all at once. Imagine the pain he experiences in that that was mind blowing to me, and yet, and yet, he still responds with complete and utter unconditional love. I have difficulty when one or two bad things happen in my day,

Unknown Speaker  21:06
like, if you need any reason to why God is to be worshiped, hey, like, I stubbed my toe and it ruins my day. I

Matthias Miller  21:16
was gonna say it's not even necessarily bad things. Sometimes it's just being around somebody with a bad day can give you a bad day. I mean, yikes.

Speaker 1  21:26
I mean, you've been married long enough to know that that's true, right? I could be having a great day if my wife is not, or vice versa. It's like now, listen, we're both having a bad day. That's the difficulty of union in the human realm, right?

Matthias Miller  21:44
Why? I mean, I think what's fascinating to me is that the moment that you identify with something, I mean, I've observed this before, but I've had, wow, let's see if we can get these thoughts out. But the moment you identify with something, then then an affront. If you identify based on your belief, then when somebody offensive belief, it becomes a personal attack. And and I've, I've run into this, and I think that's one of the reasons why the Pharisees, and I think, I think part of the leaven of the Pharisees is the identification around beliefs and practices like this, this belief and this practice defines who we are, and so when Jesus came and he started questioning their beliefs and practices, well, there's a self preservation that kicks in, like, I'm going to kill you because crucify you, that we have to find a way to get rid of this Jesus guy, because He's threatening our very identity or very being of who we are and, and I think part of what you're talking about here is just a surrender to, you know, relinquishing control. I don't get to define reality and truth. I get to surrender to truth and and I can either, I mean, I can run into brick, brick wall at high speed. That hurts like crazy, where I can recognize I have and yes, exactly

Unknown Speaker  23:12
multiple times. Wait, the

Matthias Miller  23:16
wall is still there. Try again.

Unknown Speaker  23:22
I can do with this, though,

Matthias Miller  23:24
what happens if I put a helmet on

Unknown Speaker  23:30
that'll make it better, that'll make it better.

Matthias Miller  23:36
So then, if we, if, if our primary identification is with Christ, union with God, child of child of his. Then it means, you know, that it's surrendering one safety for another. It's surrendering the safety of being able to know and control and and resting, I mean, really becomes moving into faith, because what else do you have at that point?

Kevin David Kridner  24:07
Right, right? Well, it's fascinating. In First Corinthians, four, I think starting chapter in in verse nine, but the verse 11 is the powerful one. It's like, I gotta read this directly. Remove one second. There we go.

Kevin David Kridner  24:45
Listen to this, what Paul says to this very hour, we go hungry and thirsty, we are in rags. We are brutally treated. We are homeless. Now he's contrasting. If you go back to verse nine, he's talking to the Corinthians, and he's like, You guys are you're wise, you know, you're Oh god, I gotta read this. And read the whole thing. I should have been prepared. I'm sorry.

Matthias Miller  25:19
Do you think you'd be better, at predicting a rabbit rabbit trails here,

Kevin David Kridner  25:22
right? I know, right. How do I not see this coming? Oh, for it seems to me that God has put apostles on display at the end of the procession, like those contend to die in the arena. We have been made a spectacle to the whole universe, to angels as well as to human beings, we are fools for Christ, but you are so wise in Christ, talking to the Corinthians, We are weak, but you're strong. You are honored. We are Dishonored, and the day goes into this very hour. We go hungry and thirsty. We are in rags. We are brutally treated. We are homeless. We work hard with our own hands. We are cursed. We bless when when we are cursed, we bless when we are persecuted. We endure it. When we are slandered, we answer kindly. We have become the scum of the earth, the garbage of the world. Right up to this moment, I'm writing this not to shame you, but to warn you. Even if you had 10,000 guardians in Christ, you don't have many fathers. For in Christ, Jesus, I became your father through the gospel. So I mean, he just goes on from there. When's the last time you heard a sermon on that piece of scripture? Never.

Unknown Speaker  26:44
Why I'm wrapped up today. You caught me on the morning.

Matthias Miller  26:58
So, so you tell me, why? What do you think?

Kevin David Kridner  27:02
Because it says the exact opposite of how we've lived out faith in our culture. That faith, faith means blessing, Faith means providence. Faith means means status, right? You know it means, it means it means blessing, it means wealth, it means all these things. Tell that to Peter, tell that to Paul, tell that to John, tell that to what's his name, the guy he wrote the book, The a heavenly man, brother Yoon, right. Tell it to him like that, that guy who was in prison, you're like, like, just beaten, served all that kind of stuff. That guy knows what it's like to follow Jesus. And yet, when he was out of prison and he came to the United States, you know what his comment was? He said something along the lines of, you don't need Jesus, you've got insurance policies. Wow. And that's, that's the point, to me, that's the point. That's the issue. Mm,

Kevin David Kridner  28:25
pick up your cross and follow Me.

Matthias Miller  28:34
So if, if we, if we wanted to, I

Matthias Miller  28:43
Okay, here's the thread I want to chase, because if so So fundamentally, let's say that we just picked an area, a city, a suburb, a neighborhood, something if we just said, All right, let's see how deep the rabbit hole we can go of disentangling the kind of system, systematic Self Reliance we can get along without knowing each other, kind of church. And we wanted to put something together. And so first question before anything else, I think is, or there's two questions in my mind. Number one, what, what fundamentally has to be shifted so? So that's question number one. But number two is, are, is there any form of organic system like let's just say, or habits or rituals, like, simple example, the amount of time families spend sitting down at a table, eating dinner and having conversation has reduced dramatically, but it's a substantial predictor of the health of the family. Me so, so there are habits and rituals that reinforce this. And you can call it a system in some sense. It's a very simple way. It's a supportive one. So first of all, you have to say or ask the question, are systems diametrically opposed to to to this, whatever this way of doing church is. And maybe what I'm really getting at is, if we shifted the core of church away from big gathering to your church is these 10 to 15 people, that is, like, that's the we're gonna, we're gonna clear out the chessboard that's going to be in the middle. And what does, what does everything else? What's, what are the ripple effects? What does everything else start looking like? From a practical standpoint?

Kevin David Kridner  31:01
I suspect it ends in crucifixion, physically, spiritually, emotionally across the board, because what you're suggesting is exactly what Jesus was suggesting, to take apart the power structures. It's interesting, and I may tangent A little bit here. So bring me back, if necessary. We talked about the Pharisees. The Pharisees were primarily really interested in debating the Jesus with being right. He doesn't get into serious trouble until the last week, until he comes into contact with the Sadducees that gets him killed. Why is that? What do we know about the Sadducees? What we know is that they were very, very connected to the system, to political power, to the Herodians, to the Romans, to the temple structure, to the money that that made. They were very tied to that. And Jesus. You think of it's just a metaphorical statement. You destroy this temple, raise it in three days. That comment was directed right at the heart of the Sadducees. This is your whole existence. This is what you identify with. This is what your hope is in. Now, yeah, and gets him killed, and so what he's, what I hear him saying over and over and over again, is union, connection, community, the entire body. This is we, over and over and over again. And there's no room for power structure in the midst of that. There's no room for authoritarianism. There's no room for power structures. There's no room for dominance and coercion. There isn't but you look at it take a term like pharmakia, which in Scripture, is most often translated as sorcery or witchcraft. When you go down to it, essentially what pharmakia is, take it away from all the illusions and the witches around smoldering pots and the spells and all that kind of stuff. When you break it down in Scripture, What pharmakia is is essentially what CS Lewis said? CS Lewis said that there's two types of people. There's the people that look to God and say, Thy will be done, and then there's the people that God looks at and says, Thy will be done. That's pharmakeia, the one that God looks at and says, Thy will be done. You get to choose that they have, they have rejected trust in Him and obedience and surrender to Him. And out of that place, they have decided to manipulate and strategize and build their own kingdom and that kind of thing. And let's not let's be clear here, we all do that to one degree or another. We are all are involved in sorcery and witchcraft, witchcraft to one degree or another. We are. Unless you can perfectly submit like Jesus did to his father, you're going to be involved in sorcery, sorcery or witchcraft at some point in your life, and you're probably going to be blind to it, because your ego won't let you see it. That's the reality of it. So I say all that to say what, what we are saying here is a very, very dangerous thing, because we're attacking a structure that has been. Now in my, my, my estimation crumbling and leaning listing and ready to collapse for a very, very long time. But there's some very powerful structures that have propped it up. And what is the what are the structures that prop that listing building up.

Kevin David Kridner  35:36
I think Christian nationalism is one of them. I think, I think the economic power structure of the church, as a economic force and as a political force, is propping it up. I think, much like Martin Luther came into contact with, we talk about the Reformation, and most people, you know, yeah, Martin Luther, he nailed this, this piece of paper to the the church door. And then, you know, the Catholic Church was just like, Well, yeah, sounds great. Go ahead and do your own thing. There was hundreds of years of war that came after that, like it was bloody and it was revolutionary and it was horrific for the average person and and that's what we're talking about here. So what you're talking about is is not necessarily revolutionary, but it's getting into the stream and the current that's always been moving that flows from the throne of God to this is I want the union of my people. I want oneness. I want it to be we. I want creation to work as one, and this is the movement, but there is a force that is opposed to that happening.

Matthias Miller  37:11
Well, if you start with the assumption that the start from the premise that denominations are pragmatically an expression of ego in some context. I mean, this then becomes the most I mean, you can pick any story of conflict anywhere throughout history, and it is the story of ego versus, you know, union, humility, whatever you want to call the the war like this is, and then you realize that, well, the this battle has always raged. We just, I feel like, I don't know about our listeners, but I feel like, for myself, I haven't had language to articulate the war I've had senses. I've been in groups where it's like something is not right here, other groups where there's something that's better here, different. I've recognized individuals, but to have that, you know, we're so because of the denominational lines, because of all of these things, it's very easy to define people as, okay, this person, like by whatever standard, this is a good person. This is not a good person. And and understanding fundamentally, just removing, first of all, removing the labels of judgment. Because this is the, this is, this is a person in which this person is as allowing their ego to dictate their decisions, and they're protecting themselves. They're protecting their their false identity. They're protecting all of these things, and of course, it's going to end up in war. And these, compared and contrasted to these, are people who are not perfect. They have not somehow reached some kind of utopian mastery of ego, but they're on this journey to say, what does it look like to lay down self protection, and what does it look like to move towards union?

Matthias Miller  39:36
And in some ways, that trajectory is what matters more than almost anything else, it's are you willing? Are you you know? Are you bracing yourself? Are you resisting movement towards union? Are you actively distancing yourself? Or are you willing to take steps no matter how small? All no matter how scary, no matter how to towards union. And that's that's maybe the defining question underneath it. All,

Kevin David Kridner  40:08
right, right, I can't think of a better question. And it's balanced. It's not like, are you going to choose union today?

Matthias Miller  40:28
Kevin, I want our listeners, if you're going to choose union today, call in right now. No, I'm just kidding. Like, let's draw a line in the sand here.

Kevin David Kridner  40:40
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's such a balanced question, and are you moving towards union? Yeah, are you moving towards separation?

Matthias Miller  40:52
And that can vary on a minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day, week by week, month by month, year by year. It can, but we can happen,

Kevin David Kridner  41:03
does it? It can ebb and flow, yeah,

Matthias Miller  41:05
yes. It can ebb and flow and will. That's the grace. It's a returning, yeah, it's the moving towards,

Kevin David Kridner  41:20
yeah, yeah, the picture comes to mind. It's like we're all at sea to one degree or another, metaphorically speaking, and the tide is moving us closer to the shore. The ebb and flow, eventually we're going to hit land. And do you have the patience and do you have the humility, and do you have the desire to allow the ebb and flow to lead you to that shore, that shore being God, being union, like do you have the strength to allow that? Or does it have to be now suspect? If it has to be now that the enemy is in that, because he always is in the urgency in the now in the have to in the never satisfied, even in our spiritual lives, I think right so. If it's now, or it has to be the enemy's probably in that, and you're probably experiencing or practicing some form of pharmakia, there's some sort of sorcery or witchcraft going on some sort of alchemy,

Matthias Miller  42:48
but it's justified

Kevin David Kridner  42:57
by a number of different just justifications, a

Matthias Miller  43:04
number of different justifications. I mean, should we not give God our best? There's, there's a there's 1,000,001 ways to justify this, like we have this, this life is a vapor. We should make the most of it. So let's try to accelerate the process. Let's What if you here? Here's another one that I've heard. But you know, what if you were to die tomorrow, and there's, there's a difference between the urgency, the the death blows of urgency, and living mindfully and aware that our time is short like there is a there is value In that mindfulness, but when it becomes this driving force that just eats at your soul like

Kevin David Kridner  44:07
don't I've lived there. I've been there. I felt it, the urgency that I have to the be busy, the accomplishing, the climbing the mountain, the however you want to characterize it the way I feel about it now is, you ask me that question, what happens if today you die? Nothing really changes. I was at home here home by I'm in the presence of God here, and I'm in the presence of God there and here. And there are even weird terms. Not much changes.

Matthias Miller  44:55
I think there's a lot in terms of, there's a similar concept you talk about process. Goals versus outcome goals. And you see a lot of people who are novices, who become fixated on the outcome, and they basically say, I'm willing to pay any price, whatever it takes, for this outcome. And some of them do manage to pay an incredible price for that. But I think some of the most successful masters of craft that we've seen, whether it's in arts, whether it's in business, whether it's in in even spiritual formation of some kind like that, there's, there's an obsession with the process. It's like, it's almost like a little kid like, okay, like, Let's go clean up sticks in the backyard. All right. Like, I have this big idea, this big fort with lots of sticks that we all picked up, and that's going to be so amazing that doesn't move you closer to getting the sticks picked up. What moves you closer is, hey, let's go see how many sticks we can pick up in in, I don't know, a minute or something. And like, Hey, let's go make this fun, and I'll race you. And who can get the biggest pile and and let's turn this into a game. That's what gets the sticks picked up, right and right? The competition, the competition, well, yeah, the competition, but just in some form or fashion, falling in love with the process, whatever that happens to be, making it, make making that embracing the process. Maybe, maybe it's not even falling in love, just embracing the process. Like, maybe it's as simple as, like, let's go put one foot in front of the other until these sticks are cleaned up. Like, sometimes it is that. And I think the same is true in terms of a lot of the urgency comes from a fixation on the outcome, like, I have to have this outcome like or else, and I'm willing to pay any price whatsoever. Whereas a lot of what we're talking with Union, and I think a lot of the presence conversation tries to communicate this, it just okay now, now, now it's now, it's my turn. A lot of the presence conversation tries to communicate this, but falls short and and I think what we're talking about here is falling in love with him, and falling in love with with Union and letting union be and when that, when you fall in love with the process of transformation like there's nothing else, there is no urgency, because you're doing it. One of the fascinating things that occurred to me recently, I've been thinking a lot about this thought occurred to me, I've struggled a lot in my career, having been put in very mundane, you know, early, early in my career, very mundane, isolating tasks. And I always, I actually wrote a letter to myself when I was in the eighth grade, and I said, basically, said, Look, this career path isn't likely to work out for you, because you do need people around you. And it struck me that part of the issue of presence is that a lot of what presence teaches, a lot of what's taught in being present comes down to being comfortable with being yourself, being with yourself. But what? What if the core drive and a can need in all of that was that we were actually never, ever meant to be alone. And what if the thing that the that the drive towards presence and all of these things. What if it's missing one thing, the fact that it was meant to be relational and, and what if? What if that, I mean, I again, there's, there's a there's, you know, there are groups of people who come together to practice centering prayer together, because we want to do this. We need people. We're do this relationship. We want to be together. We're not made to do this alone. Wow, I

Kevin David Kridner  49:11
yeah, we're not made to do this alone, yeah, but seems like every, every isn't fair. The majority of the messages we get is it's admirable to do it on your own, and you have to accomplish this on your own. I don't

Matthias Miller  49:41
this is incredibly selfish of me. I don't really care about anybody else, but if I could obliterate, fully, fully obliterate that thought in my life, that would be absolutely delighted. It's such crazy. Crippling, debilitating belief. And isn't it interesting, hypothetically speaking, I'm not saying intent, I'm just saying hypothetically speaking, isn't that if, if going it alone is as debilitating as we believe it actually to be. Isn't there a lot of benefit to people in power who want or to people who want power to propagate that message? Because I can then tell you you need to do it alone. I can watch you fail, and then I can tell you what actually you need me or what you're doing over here is I, I've actually, I, I've experienced this, like, you need to go do it alone. Oh, that didn't work. Well, just come back over here now, like, like, just join my my my tribe, my camp, my mission, my whatever it is. I'm so sorry that didn't work out.

Matthias Miller  51:14
And I came back baffled. I'm like, What? What just happened? I feel manipulated, but I can't point my finger on anything, because it didn't look like manipulation to me at the time,

Matthias Miller  51:33
and or may or may may not have used this in some form or degree on other people as well. So my hands are not exactly clean,

Unknown Speaker  51:43
right,

Matthias Miller  51:46
but it's really fascinating to look at that from this vantage point.

Kevin David Kridner  51:55
Utterly fascinating. I

Kevin David Kridner  52:19
when we were talking, I in a few weeks ago, with Patrick, somebody within the state, the the conversation made the statement like we were idle creating machines. We're justification machines. We are going to have cult like tendencies around the human experience constantly, constantly, and then we're shocked. We're shocked. We like to act self righteous and and I saw that coming. Should have been aware of that, you know, all that kind of stuff come on. You notice those comments are always made after the fact, not before. All of us have the tendency. All of us are idle, creating machines. All of us are very cult, like,

Matthias Miller  53:31
there would be no news, there would be no disillusionment, there would be none of if you saw it coming. Like, then it's just, Oh, okay. There you go. Next.

Unknown Speaker  53:40
Yeah, there you go.

Kevin David Kridner  53:44
Oh yeah, I saw that coming. It's just ridiculous, like until we can come to grips with our own psychic frailty and the fact that it's not just us, it's every last person, no matter how they protest that they're not, or how they justified, or whatever the case may be, we're also psychologically fragile, because we're disconnected from our source of life, And we're clawing and scratching to get our way back, and we believe we have to give everybody a justification for why we should be allowed back right the end of the story. And we're all playing out the same thing over and over and over again,

Matthias Miller  54:41
well, and it seems to me like we it's very easy to live life based on selection, like, is this the kind of person I want to work with or not? And there's definite reasons for doing that, but it also seems like one of. Most fundamental skills we can have is, how do you deal fundamentally, deal with people who, at any given moment, any given time, may be living disconnected from their life source or or living, living, living the life separation and and that seems to me like if there has to be, if there has to be a bedrock of, you know, if you had to strip everything else away and say, what is one of the most foundational relational tools that You can develop, learning that skill set, whatever that is, which I don't even know how to define. So that's on you. Kevin,

Speaker 1  55:49
you think I've been able to Yeah, thank you. What do you think you're here for? Anyway? Kevin, I know right. Start fulfilling your obligation, exactly, yes, or you're gonna have to do this podcast alone. Oh, now there's pressure. Yeah, exactly.

Kevin David Kridner  56:13
Oh, goodness. The best way I know how to describe it is Jesus, I'm learning to be more like him. And there in teaching, you have the scope and sequence, and you have standards, and there's game plans that you follow. It's all to make everything nice and orderly. And you know, progress as it should. At least in my experience, Jesus's scope and sequence and lesson plans make no sense whatsoever. Right To me, there is no A plus B equals C, or very rarely, has there been an A plus B equals C. It's more like two plus the color green, minus four plus the smell of bacon

Unknown Speaker  57:10
equals this outcome.

Matthias Miller  57:16
But I think, Okay, so let's, let's talk about, I mean, just from a just from a numbers and variability standpoint, how much variety is there in let's just pick learning styles, pace of development, interest in kids like those. Just pick standardized education like there's an incredible amount of of a variety. And not not only that. How do you deal with you know, what happens to kid when they lose a parent, or when they are experienced some kind of tragic accident or something like, like, there's no account for that? What happens if there's things beyond their control, like substance abuse and with with their in their family, or physical abuse, sexual abuse, all of these like whatever, whatever it ends up being. So we're we're essentially saying that those variables don't matter, and this is where you should be at developmentally. One of the things I find very fascinating is the use of percentiles. Like, does it not occur to you that, by definition, you will have people at the one percentile in any given scoring system? Like, right? So we're basically just using the scoring system to say that you're you know, how many kids are ahead of you or behind you in line in this particular area that we're scoring you in?

Unknown Speaker  58:45
Is it helpful?

Kevin David Kridner  58:51
Well, I remember, to your point, the sixth grade, my grandmother, my dad's mother, passed away. She had a stroke, and probably the closest relationship I've had in my life was with her, and she dies in sixth grade just before Christmas, December, I could, I could go, I could go through the story, I guess, the smells, the taste, the sides, the everything. I can still visualize it. You know, it was 38 years ago, still like it was yesterday, that sent me into a tailspin. And then, like school, I don't even remember, probably acting out, probably isolating, probably all these things they my teacher thought that that I had a developmental disability, you know, something along both lines. So they had me go get tested and cognitive ability and all that kind of stuff. Nothing came back. Nobody ever sat down and said, he's just ridiculously sad. You. Mm, because he lost the most important person in his life. Never had that conversation. Like, to your point, like, yeah, we can have all these structured outcomes and scope and sequence, and this is how you develop mentally. Should go, but then throw a curve ball into a 1112, year old's life. Of the most important person in your life just died and you no longer have them around. And then tell me about that scope and sequence.

Matthias Miller  1:00:27
Yes,

Kevin David Kridner  1:00:29
tell me about that developmental progress. Don't we had a plan for that? Yeah, plan for that. Go ahead. Schedule that. So the only thing I know to your point is Jesus is to to on a daily basis, to the best of my ability, try and submit and listen to and allow him to teach me and disciple me through How many ever different modes come in. That's the only thing I know, is to trust Him for the development in the teaching. Because I was told, like I was told I was should be in special ed, special education, at that time, but when they did an IQ test on me at that age, it was in the 180s

Matthias Miller  1:01:28
Wow,

Kevin David Kridner  1:01:31
yeah, but I should be in special

Matthias Miller  1:01:34
ed. Wow, yeah. There's two observations I want to, I want to make from that number one, well, I mean, the first is, we all know you're ridiculously smart, but that's not why you said that. Two, that was a very uncomfortable comment. You're welcome. Thank you. I kind of did that on purpose anyway, so but, but the real point I was trying to make was, friends, the real point I wanted to make is how even with our best diagnoses, our best diagnoses can be wildly off. And it's like when your diagnosis fails, when your diagnosis doesn't match, or doesn't match your suspicion, it's like it can really put you in a tailspin and but in the other point I want to make is how much the gravity of impact that the heart can Have on external performance. You can be absolutely mentally brilliant. But also look at the depth of what depths of sadness does it take to take, take a boy with an IQ like that and drag his performance all the way down like that is a heavy, heavy weight, and how many of us are operating at, and the goal isn't to be some kind of superstar or something like that like but how many of us are operating at, let's just say, 50% of capacity because of the heavy weight that we're carrying. And if we could just, I'm not saying it's instant, I'm not there's not some magic wand, but if we could learn to let go of those, if we could move in the journey of letting go of those burdens. I have a friend of mine who was in sales in when went went into sales in the very worst time of his life. Had a lot of practical just like on almost every level, personally, one of the most difficult times of his life, even the role that he was in, some very difficult things about the role, a lot of extra work that was put on Him and in His words to me was, he was, he was maybe operating at, I don't know, 40 to 60% of his full capacity, and still sold very well in the middle of that. And you look at somebody like that, and the result has been, I can think of very few people who are have as much love for people while still a full like without denying the reality of who they are and how they act. It's really a profound experience, and I've seen few people root so deeply for the underdog while also not tolerating excuses.

Matthias Miller  1:04:47
How many of us we talk about achieving potential? What if achieving potential is as simple and what if? What if? What are the. Greatest thing we can do is learn to unload our burdens.

Kevin David Kridner  1:05:14
It brings brings me back to where we started, as far as the definitive statements of Jesus, I would encourage anybody, get on, get on AI, some form of it, and just type in list out the definitive statement Jesus makes. Always, never everyone, no one. You know that kind of stuff. List them out as I looked through that, as I read through it, what I saw was complete and utter necessity to surrender, to lay everything down. That is the wisest thing we can do. Look at Ecclesiastes. How does the teacher conclude his teachings, and all the things I've learned, Fear God, follow His commandments. That's it. Lay it down. Lay everything down. The more you can lay down, the closer to joy to union, to presence, to shalom, you will be That's it. I'm not saying that like

Speaker 1  1:06:31
I do it well, I'm still clinging and grasping, even at this

Kevin David Kridner  1:06:38
moment, I'm still thinking and grasping, but I know that that's where I'm going. Yes, that's where I'm going.

Matthias Miller  1:06:47
I think it's an encouragement to ourselves, and I think to people listening, if you're in this place where life seems unmanageable, overwhelming, it's it's one of the most difficult things in the world, not to run from that solves beautiful things in the world, to take all of our brokenness and all of the overwhelm and everything and just sit with Christ, with that, it's

Kevin David Kridner  1:07:29
like you brought up, I desire mercy, not sacrifice. Like he prefaces that statement and says, like, go find out what this means, as if he knew that there was going to be a long path of learning and wrestling with that and what it actually means. So I don't see it as a challenge or as a calling amount. I see it as an invitation. Are you willing to go wrestle with this? Find out what this means. Do and those that are are, and those that aren't are,

Matthias Miller  1:08:07
and those those who do, end up becoming the lesson,

Kevin David Kridner  1:08:18
at least for me, you asked the question like, how do you sit in front of somebody and say, Me too, and have the unique connection? I think you have to have had your heart and soul shattered multiple times, and felt the pain of that and learned some lessons from it, and be able to see yourself in the person that's across from me, to be able to say that now I understand what that's like. This is my experience. This is what I've seen. I understand it's the only way you can do it, the self righteous, the judgmental, the condemners, the harshness, all that kind of stuff. They're so afraid of their own humanity. They can never be shattered or broken. Even though they are shattered or broken, they can't acknowledge or admit they're shattered or broken, right? And so the facade continues. And not only are you miserable, but you're making everybody around you miserable with your self righteousness.

Matthias Miller  1:09:39
Well, that's a light note to end with Kevin.

Speaker 1  1:09:47
To keep it bubbly, bubbly, you know, light hearted.

Matthias Miller  1:09:54
One last stomp on the toe. Ouch. No, I.

Unknown Speaker  1:10:03
Oh, I love it all right. Well,

Matthias Miller  1:10:08
we're gonna have to wrap this to a close. I don't know what better better thing. I don't know what better way to end it than with just that thought of, sir, surrender to the process of having having those things shattered and broken, having your your life in some capacity, shattered and broken, dealing with leaning in and walking through the brokenness ends up being, not only the greatest, one of the greatest gifts to yourself, even though it it looks anything but that at the time, but it becomes the fountain from which you can then give to other people. Yeah,

Kevin David Kridner  1:10:57
yeah. I mean this as reverently as possible, but it also makes you less and less of an asshole

Unknown Speaker  1:11:06
over time. Yes, yes, it does.

Kevin David Kridner  1:11:13
That was a huge one for the longest time I feel like I'm less one now through this shattering process. And you know, so I mean, if that isn't the grace of God, then I don't know what

Matthias Miller  1:11:26
is. Yes, I would agree. Wonderful. All right. All right, man, like always. So for those of you guys listening and thanks for joining us, thanks for going along this journey, being part of this conversation. We'd love to have you join in, drop a comment on whichever platform you discovered us on, and we'd love to engage in conversation with you. And until next time, thank you, Kevin,

Kevin David Kridner  1:11:54
thank you. All right.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai