Speaker 1  00:01
This is how I would describe how these interactions play together between the desk and the Kobe, because on one hand, the the high ass wants the stability, it wants to cohesion. And then the Quickstart leans towards innovation. And the innovation leads outside of the steadiness of the s side of things. And the C wants the facts, the details and the structure. But the for factfinder cannot process large amounts of information for extended periods of time. And see, as well once the systems in the process and once things to be precise, and the cataract follow through cannot live within those systems. The only thing that's left is the implementer conceptualization. And it's not like that gets affected in any kind of negative way. So if I had to describe a lot of what I what happens in my mind, is that it feels like there is this battle between the Colby Quickstart and the disk. And if I'm by myself, then this gets lodged and stuck. It makes it almost it feels like it makes it almost impossible for me to do any work by myself. I'm a verbal processor. And traditionally you would

Unknown Speaker  02:07
expect a A. C to be pretty introverted. And yet if and in some cases, this is true.

Speaker 1  02:25
And yet I find it really difficult to do any kind of meaningful work by myself. Because I'm stuck in innovation and ideation. And I haven't, I want to verbally process things. So the question that follows is then what would have to change about my environment? For me to have the Quickstart fully functioning, it would be perhaps some deadlines and perhaps some live conversations, which is really where most of my work actually happens.

Unknown Speaker  03:09
So in light of that, how do I create these types of conversations? Because? Well, okay, let's take a look at the Sunday afternoon.

Speaker 1  03:24
I actually need these types of conversations to hear myself. And yet I don't have the challenge that I'm facing right now, is that structuring these conversations and scheduling them is really challenging for me. So how could I build a list of friends?

Unknown Speaker  03:51
That if I were to this is the thing that I tried to build out earlier?

Speaker 1  03:58
Where if I had an afternoon, and I wanted to be able to have some conversations with people, that I would have a list of these people lined up, and I could communicate with them in some form or fashion. And if I build out a list of my Renaissance network will we look like to build out a list of my Renaissance network where I could have conversations with these folks who is on my Renaissance list. Okay, let's take this further. What would my day look like? If I literally never did any written communication? No email whatsoever what would that look like when I have to start my day earlier what if it would take an hour instead of half an hour? Would it still be worth it?

Speaker 1  05:53
Yeah, we'd be worth it is this is the only way that I function and so one of the reasons why churches challenging for me is because there is no stabilizing environment. And furthermore, without the stabilizing environment if I'm just sitting there listening, I have no outlet for my ideas and I can't hear myself I think most people have the capacity or some people at least have the capacity don't have a need to think

Unknown Speaker  06:29
they're very action oriented and other people I need to orchestrate this stuff I need to orchestrate these types of events and for example, if I had something like this in a church context it would be something along the lines of a one day workshop that is focused on spiritual formation

Speaker 1  07:36
and then we would do nothing but deal with people's specific questions in allowing the creeps in context of spiritual formation

Speaker 1  07:54
and then if you wanted this in a work context, really the best thing was it did drive me a little crazy. Why did it drive me crazy

Speaker 1  08:12
one of the things that drove me crazy when I was working with Tim was because of the drive for structure but if I had somebody like let's say somebody like Tory is that the type of person who could help me in that kind of a role? I don't know. This is even the issue with spending time on myself. I wonder if one of the things that needs to shift is that I no longer try to have these conversations. I would if I did nothing but had walks where I just talked to myself and I allow myself the chance to try to transcribe my conversations and this would become my form of journaling What would change then? That would be interesting. I think most of my Okay, so let's say that Renaissance time. So up until now most memory Renaissance time his pin. Let me sit in with a book in journal and let me try to have a book in journal but I actually have Renaissance time where it was walking and talking going on or walk or doing something like this, driving something involving motion and movement. And that would be the basis of recording my thoughts. I think I would have the capacity to work through a lot more stuff in a shorter amount of time. And I could get a lot of things dislodged from my brain and that's how I would start problem solving these things.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai