Matthias Miller  06:35
Hey, man, hey, Jesse, how are You second? Can you How about now?

Unknown Speaker  06:43
Yes, sir, awesome. How you doing?

Matthias Miller  06:50
Good?

Speaker 1  06:54
His means of an earning would primarily be sales, but he's, I mean, as you, as you know, both in the discovery at CSC and in Virginia, we're just a young group, yeah. So, it is the it is the week. Game time. Man, Yeah, we've, uh, ela. it is the week game time, man. Yeah. Elaine helps with food, and Brian is doing security, and told them do whatever they got to do to make sure they're rested and ready for VBS. So I really appreciate that absolutely. Yeah, it's been good having Brian there in particular. We've, we last year was just a crazy year, some of that stuff, and too many, too many kids to mess with, for sure. Yeah, how's the I can't plan anything in my life. Dad phase right now. Oh, you know exactly that we we've got four weeks, or a little less than four weeks left till full term, allegedly. But the doctor last time said they think that Rachel will might be further along than they thought. So we have an appointment tomorrow, but we're trying to just be ready for whenever. So, yeah, pretty exciting. Pretty eye opening to how little is actually in my control. Yeah, I was talking with a guy last night, young kid, and I think, I think this is basically the journey of life. Is you have incident after incident after incident you grow up believing, I mean, first you believe you have no control because you're helpless, and then you gain independence, you believe you have full control, and then the rest of your life is, like, brutal lesson after lesson of like, oh, wait, I don't actually control that, and I don't control that either, and I don't control that either, until finally you get back to this place of, I think surrender. So yeah, for sure. Yeah, man, that's good. Yeah. So there's much update on our sales front side, I had a meeting with my so my father in law. I don't know if I told you much about him, but he's currently general manager of a company that is in the process of being sold, and he's not sure if what his role would look like after the transaction happens, if they want him to stay on as a GM or not. And so there, he has a background in sales. He started multiple companies and grown them and sold them, and he's just, he's been in the business sector for 40 years, and so I am trying to get gage his level of interest. Um, and, and I think he his his experience would be really beneficial, and he's the alignment is there, so, so we'll see he we talked to him over the or I talked with him and had a meeting with him over the weekend, and I think he's going to try to get me an email, if just his general thoughts here in the next couple days, and based off his response, would determine if we want to try to move forward with connecting with your recommendation. If, if we were to, if we were to go with your your connection, would we push like so let's say I have contacts like my father in law. Would we push that contact to your contact as well? Or are those two separate lanes?

Matthias Miller  10:57
I'm sorry, run that by me one more time, right?

Speaker 1  11:00
Okay, so let's say we go with your buddy who's a headhunter, or your your friend, and then I say, and I provide him a potential candidate in my father in law. Does he vet that and give his recommendation or not? Or does he or Sure? Yeah, what does that look like?

Matthias Miller  11:20
I so if you, if you go all in with him, then I don't see any reason why you can't send, say, Dear father in law, like, go put in an application over, over here and and just walk through the process. Sure. Okay. If there's a world in which you want to say, hey, can we, we've got this candidate, and can we just do a like, I mean, you can always ask, I don't know. I don't know what his answer is, but I don't see any reason why you can't say, Look, we have a candidate. We think he's a great candidate, but we want a second opinion. I mean, we want to, I don't know, though. I mean,

Speaker 1  11:56
yeah, it gets a little, it gets a little, it

Matthias Miller  11:59
gets a little messy, because then what if he tells you that's No, that's really not a good candidate. Well, yeah, then then and you decide to go with him anyway. Well, now you've just, you've hired him, but not for the outcome that he really gives, right? And so I think it's much this is, from my perspective, it's much cleaner to for you guys to say, look, we really believe in this guy, or we don't, but we're willing to take the risk in terms of cost and opportunity cost and like and we don't mind having the whatever level of certainty that you have here versus that whatever we're going to go with it. I don't know it's you. It's your You're certainly free to ask him. That's kind of my instinct. You're either paying for the result and feed him a good candidate. And if it happens to be that candidate, he's proven to you that he is. And there you go. One question specifically on your father in law, does he would he be comfortable with using a CRM and all of that kind of stuff?

Speaker 1  13:05
He would I think we're pretty we're pretty simple compared to the systems that they're using. I can't remember the name of the platform they're using, but

Matthias Miller  13:20
like a Salesforce, or something like that. Yeah,

Speaker 1  13:22
it wasn't quite Salesforce level, but they've, they're a company that's invested north of a million dollars on developing a custom software and they're not, they're not very happy with how that project has gone, and it just feels there's a lot of friction in that system. So

Matthias Miller  13:46
I was shocked.

Speaker 1  13:48
So I was talking to him about ours, and he's a guy that really just likes to keep things as simple as possible. So, but no, everything I'm doing, any conversation I'm having with any candidate is the CRM is non negotiable, and this is the avenue in which you will work. So yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:13
it is also possible that Josh would there's a world in which Josh may be willing to, I don't know if it's a fee or at less than, or, I don't know, he's reviewed a ton of disc profiles, and so he can give you a fairly quick read on,

Speaker 1  14:28
you know. Okay, yeah, so I'm hoping to give you a better, or not better, but more information on that here in the next couple days. And Caleb's last day is this week, so I'm I'm not really trying to drag my feet on things, but also know that in the consideration and the position that my father in law is in it, it's not unreasonable for him to ask for 72 hours to pray and. Process moving his family back three hours to Canyon.

Matthias Miller  15:05
Ah, yeah, totally

Unknown Speaker  15:07
Yeah, good, yep. Is

Matthias Miller  15:11
there anything you want to take a look at on the number side?

Speaker 1  15:19
I'd say, let's just do an overview. Did you feel like you were able to get more clarity on accurate numbers from when you were initially showing me in the office? I'll be

Matthias Miller  15:33
redo this. What if we I

Matthias Miller  15:44
Eric,

Matthias Miller  15:51
I think we can amend this to get better numbers. Actually, I don't have

Matthias Miller  16:06
let me, let me. I think

Matthias Miller  16:19
the only way to get rate numbers is by probably by doing a hybrid approach where we pull TSA for For sheds and bowl high level for pole barns. I

Matthias Miller  16:47
uh, sales from TSA.

Matthias Miller  16:56
But really, let's do this. Okay, so we would want TSA sales. Let's see I

Matthias Miller  17:25
and you would want by location, op, status, G, l,

Matthias Miller  17:46
let's do this so all of his pull barns would be in the pole barn pipeline. Is that right? Yes,

Unknown Speaker  17:53
yep. Okay,

Matthias Miller  17:55
so we'll pull. Just going to do this actually. So we're going to hold TSA and we're going to look is include GCL app here. Let's do this. I'm let's actually do this. Oh,

Matthias Miller  18:31
we're just gonna leave that for now. Okay, so that's that's fine here then GHL op, so this is if the GHL, my GHL ID is, this is,

Matthias Miller  18:59
this is beyond where you guys are at at the moment, but I've been working with two different manufacturers, one sheds, one, one other on more in depth production data. Okay, you want to talk about just absolutely giddy feeling to be able to say Joe is 50% more productive building these things than Sam, yeah. All right. Speaking of the pipeline ID here, this guy, no,

Matthias Miller  19:56
why do they not make the pipeline? It is easy. Oh, actually, I can't. Ah.

Matthias Miller  20:14
All right, so we got here. It's, this is the whole barn.

Matthias Miller  20:37
So that's number sales, the close rate number sales and recalls, average call duration, close dollar sales, which would be this and this and don't. Uh, dollar per se, that should be everything. We just double check statistical models, GHL calls, contact dials, op, op, total calls, yes, all right, so I think this is the augmented report should be where pole barns.

Matthias Miller  21:41
That's not right. It's really not right. I'm

Matthias Miller  22:04
no, yes, it is, I'm sorry. I mean maybe it is. Do these numbers look about right when you account for pole barn sales?

Unknown Speaker  22:17
We did, I just ran these numbers. Those numbers are for total of the year Erickson burger.

Speaker 1  22:33
It might, it might be I haven't really let me look at an email. I just sent somebody because I

Unknown Speaker  22:50
looks like year to date. I

Matthias Miller  23:04
make sure one particular thing actually, okay, well, you didn't, Then I'll look this up. I'm

Unknown Speaker  23:31
so the average times

Matthias Miller  23:47
I would be surprised if I'm actually missing so

Speaker 1  23:54
include so pol sales is like roughly 360 on the year. Or the numbers that would show up under the pole barn leads would be or on GHL would be around 360 okay. And then sheds was roughly 1.1 just shy of 1.1 5 million on the year. I

Matthias Miller  24:34
think my shed number is out of date. I was going to set up automation to put it in it. That's still not true. Okay, let's do let's do

Matthias Miller  24:57
this. That's what it is. I'm.

Matthias Miller  25:26
Should be looking At illustrative 1.4 I

Matthias Miller  25:43
1.2 it's still, let's go.

Matthias Miller  25:58
Let's just grab the pull bar and stuff and See oops, see what that shows up as I'm

Matthias Miller  26:26
well, that's part of the issue.

Matthias Miller  26:40
Let's go into the pole barn pipeline, and let's go find opportunity one opportunities status is one,

Matthias Miller  26:59
so we have all of six so brand. So I wonder if it's in this pipeline instead.

Speaker 1  27:10
Yeah, I guess I haven't verified where Eric is working. So, yeah, yep, because the Richard Mauldin is a pole barn, it looks like he's got them mixed in.

Matthias Miller  27:27
Right?

Matthias Miller  27:33
Do I have but I don't have any.

Speaker 1  27:39
Would it be a sold pole barn? It was a tag. I don't know if that helps

Matthias Miller  27:44
sold barn tag. I probably shouldn't even haven't been pulling in.

Matthias Miller  28:00
See GHL opportunity, let me see whatever what everything is that we're pulling across.

Matthias Miller  28:11
It's pretty arbitrary. We could do anything with a 40,000 $50,000 value. That's a back of a napkin thing, sure.

Speaker 1  28:22
Let's do, if you're gonna do that, do anything north of 42,000

Matthias Miller  28:28
Okay, so let's do, I

Unknown Speaker  28:51
let's see we're at 24th I think you put

Matthias Miller  28:53
I'm sorry, thank you. Good catch. You're exactly right. I

Matthias Miller  29:08
Let's see what that looks like for bull burn sales, see if it gets us Sure. If it is I can throw sheds back in. Okay? And then we need to come up with a better way to get to full 40

Speaker 1  29:27
that? Yeah, I mean, that could be, there's probably still maybe a shed or or not a shed. There might be a detached garage or two that get thrown in the mix. But I don't know with this, with this avenue, I don't know if that's avoidable.

Matthias Miller  29:51
It's not. Yeah, I think the only way, the real way to go about it, is to you. To sync across. Whether it's linked, it's it's specifically this field here, and then de duplicate for that, or just include anything that's not doesn't have it. It's not shut out, shut up. But I don't have that information in here at the moment. So okay, so this, this will have to be approximate for the purposes of this, this call at this moment, and then I was going to throw in sky. So then, if we throw these back in I

Matthias Miller  30:44
I guess there's some possibility of I might even grabbing descriptions stuff like that. Really isn't much else we can do at the moment, all right, so I mean that makes the difference. Sure, quite stark.

Speaker 1  31:11
Yeah, okay, I think at this point I don't know if I'm even concerned about analyzing Caleb's performance, right? Unless you think there's something to be gathered that would benefit me as a manager, directing future sales team. As far as Eric goes, I'm just, I think you would appreciate feedback. If there's any glaring things that

Matthias Miller  31:46
I would I would start by giving him a giant if these numbers are, you know, if I were to sit with him, I'd do something like this. Hey, Eric looks to me like in May. I don't know what happened. Fed you fewer leads, but you got you got back to them way faster. And like, does that? Does that resonate with you? And if so, like, and you have an incredibly high contact rate on the leads that you're getting, and it's turned into high sales, and your overall close rate is at 22 you know how many people would do? You know how many people would kill? I mean, just to you and for him, Do you know how many people would kill to have somebody like there are dealers who don't do this in a whole year, and people think they're good salespeople. So hats off to you and to him. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  32:39
I'll pass that on. And even

Matthias Miller  32:41
number of texts like how proactive he's been, you've been on and and here slightly fewer calls than previously, but he's pushing high call volume. He's backed off a little bit, but he's had a lot more closes. And so I know this anecdotally from my conversation with him. It's like, Eric, it's possible you flushed out your pipeline. Yeah. And so let's probably one of the things I would start taking a look at from him. You know, just because of this, I just know this because of short conversation as a friend. But probably one of the things that I would start looking at is, how can we balance your daily workflow so that you have, you have appropriate numbers the whole way through, so you're not like a little bit of nurture, like a little bit of closing off the, you know, people at the end, but we're able to nurture so that you don't go from a full pipeline to near zero and good And and feel like the bottom fill out.

Speaker 1  33:41
Yeah, gotcha sorry. We were getting our windows replaced that are in my house. So it's just, there's a lot happening.

Matthias Miller  33:51
Fair enough. Yeah, I can try to snip that out and send it actually. Let's do this even better, let me, let me. I'm going to pull up, open a little notepad here, and I'm going to take some notes, and I'll shoot it over to you, and hopefully that's enough to jog your memory and and track everything in the midst of everything,

Speaker 1  34:14
yeah, I mean, I did. I was taking notes on what you just said about asking Eric about the days to first attempt, how it was dramatically shorter. I did lose you quickly after that, as far as flushing the pipeline.

Matthias Miller  34:28
Okay, the biggest thing I know this just as a conversation from him, he mentioned that he had a killer week, and then it's like, all right, I feel like I'm starting at zero. So that's demotivating for him, and probably the expiration the exploratory conversation I would have with him is, is there a way that we can structure your day so that you are nurturing, spending the right amount of time closing leads in the right amount of time in lead nurture, so that when you flush out your pipeline like that, you've got to do. Stage of warm prospects that you can you can immediately start working on, like your can we break your days into closing hot leads, nurturing warm prospects and warming up the cold ones in an appropriate balance, so that you don't go from closing to 15 to 20 deals in a week and then feel like you're probably playing empty the next week and feel like you have to start from scratch. Yeah. Start from scratch, right?

Speaker 1  35:25
Yeah, no, that makes sense, yeah. If you, if you are willing to also add a little notepad or whatever, that'd be great. But the other thing that's going to happen here, actually to I was going to ask you about it in this meeting, is I'd like to go ahead and turn off the round robin, because Caleb's last day is Friday of this week. Okay, so I've already talked to Caleb and let him know. Hey, we're just going to have you work the leads that you've already got, plus any phone call, new phone calls or walk ins. But other than that, I Eric said he feels like he has the bandwidth available to take on Caleb's leads. Okay, so if we could do that today, I think that would also not, not like I foresaw this happening, but that would help Eric's feeling like he's starting from scratch, or he might be encouraged. He'll be overwhelmed naturally, but he'll, he'll also be encouraged by the amount of opportunities readily available.

Matthias Miller  36:35
Okay? And you're good at doing that right now, yes, sir. Okay. Should be, should be live. Okay, now let me know if there's for some reason, it doesn't. So that sounds good. Hats off. An outreach time. Hats off. On contact percentage, he's reaching a high number of leads. And when we were other companies that I've worked at, I mean, this contact percentage is off the charts, like really off the charts, yeah, and it's leading to lead to sales. Go ahead. Yeah.

Speaker 1  37:07
I was just going to say, how can we, how can we just, like, I agree, like, I'm really grateful for all this. And sometimes, for some reason this year, it both Eric and I would say it has felt slow. But then I get these types of reports and feedback from you and from life X, and so I

Matthias Miller  37:35
some, I can tell you, I can tell you how to fix it. Yeah, you have a sales guy who's cranking, and he was producing 3x of the second sales guy. So you're doing what needs to be done. It feels slow, because if you would have another guy, like you would be pulling out your hair. If you had another Eric, right with, I mean, you would be delighted, over the moon, excited and pulling out your hair and can't sleep at night, but, but you would be hitting. I mean, I mean, if he can hit, if he can hit, I don't know what's reasonable for him to hit. I mean, a minimum to maybe, maybe if he can hit, I don't know. I don't know what it is i and obviously, second shit only sales guy can't hit Eric's numbers

Speaker 1  38:27
right. The next guy is gonna have sell have the same opportunities that Eric has across the board, okay,

Matthias Miller  38:38
but I would, but, but let's also, if you just want to look at the numbers, yeah, and I forget exactly where your where your revenues have been at. It's been around four or five. Is that what it what it's been per year.

Speaker 1  38:51
Last year, it was three, just shy of three five.

Matthias Miller  38:55
Okay, well, if you get another Eric in here, yeah, you would break, you would break last year's numbers. I mean, it's going to take him time to take him time to get up to speed. So it's not actually going to break, it might not break those numbers now, right? But, but you need, you need another with another Eric, you can, you can hit four if you can get a third Eric, or equivalent, whatever that big foot is, if you can reasonably expect them to each produce 2 million and and optimize to maybe get them up to two and a half or three. Yeah, then you, then you, then you're pretty close to the to $10 million company. Now that all sounds very simple and easy, but it it really

Speaker 1  39:41
like are there, I guess my one of my questions is, are there enough leads out there to be to gather into the funnel, to do that without major shifts for the company? So obviously. We would have to increase our budget, which, in theory, is fine if the sales are coming in. But in your opinion, do you I mean, is it, is it reasonable to think that by increasing the budget with our marketing, adding Eric caliber salesman we're we are looking at for, I mean, let's say a full next year. As a full year we would work, look at four plus.

Matthias Miller  40:35
Well, I just think if you guys literally said we're willing to take on the pole barn market. Yeah, like, I don't think there's any that's that is, relatively speaking, it's easy money, right? You're right. I mean, margins are higher, higher ticket price, higher effort sales process. Yeah, there's, there's stuff you got to manage on, on the delivery, delivery front. But I feel like your level. I feel like if you're willing to put your or if you have your head in the game, I don't think there's any reason why you can't with I mean, just speaking very frankly, you versus the competition, you can get a better salesperson. Yeah, you could run it better, yeah, and, and you can probably get away with pricing. It. Pricing in the upper end among your competitors. You don't have to beat them, but I don't think you have to play the price game, and all of those combined will end up giving you better profit margins. I I just don't there's no knot in my stomach when I look at if you guys really say we're going in the game with pole barns. There's no doubt my stomach that says that you guys can't, can't, can't outperform competitors that you've got in your

Speaker 1  41:51
area. Okay, yeah, I think, I mean, that's, that's the route we're going. I've been working with post frame plus to we're going to have a we're trying to model our pole barn structure to customers more like sheds. So we're going to have four different styles with standard features and starting at prices on our website. So that should free up a lot of time from tire kickers with the salesman, yep. Um, which then should also, I mean, it's an extra qualifier to when, by the time the lead does reach the salesman, it should. There should be less, fewer surprises.

Matthias Miller  42:36
Yes. Um,

Speaker 1  42:39
so I'm working with post frame on that, and then life X is already aware of of that, so I just, literally, I'm just waiting on the starting at numbers for the from, for the polborn kit or kit. So I think I agree that, and that's the direction we want to head. I don't, I don't know if we can. I don't know if it makes sense to try to really pursue scaling up through the shed pipeline alone. I just don't. There hasn't been anything that makes other than maybe the rent to own clientele. But I think the pole barns is really where the highest opportunity is with what we're currently doing. So, yeah,

Matthias Miller  43:28
my one observation this is, this is strictly gut instinct that's probably informed by some level of data, but isn't exactly rocket science, or is it scientific? Either? My gut instinct is, if you guys can double the sheds, your shed sales, yeah, that that's going to be enough market share that you're going to turn turn the heat up substantially and make it painful for pretty much anybody else in your area. And you can probably expect to baby. I don't know if it's possible to work your way up in the current area to triple, but I'd be surprised if this is all, this is all my gut instinct that you guys can double sales relatively, relatively easily and put pressure on everybody else. And at the point that you get to two and a half, you're going to start hitting diminishing returns, and at the point that you get to 3x like, you're going to be capping out the market. And it might not be profitable to buy buy leads, but that's all speculation. Yeah, and I don't really know what to do, besides, like, optimize what you have, and let's figure out how much lead prices go up as far as we like. Let's optimize sales much as we can, marketing as much as we can. And then let's just try to take up market share until we hit the point of diminishing return. At the point that you hit diminishing return, then, then the question is, are there? Um. Are there ways that we can subsidize, either subsidized marketing costs or upsell or cross sell, so that we can more profitably get more of the that is there a way that we could profitably get more of the market earlier in the buying process and nurture them to be ready to buy from us through a and this, this is where it's speculative. And I don't know if it's actually worth pursuing, but I think there's a bunch of interesting stuff. I was talking to rich a little bit about some of the network of businesses. I'm still very fascinated by the idea of having an organizing business that is a that is a cross sell. So, so there's a certain amount of organization that happens, and then they say, you really need a storage shed to put this stuff in. We'll set it up store it put everything in for you. Said, done, easy. And then vice versa, ship gets delivered, and Brian's like, oh, man, it looks like you got a bunch of stuff, stuff to load in here. Here's the card, if you ever need some help get getting it moved in and and getting things arranged again. Have I seen anybody in the industry do this? No. Would it allow you to profitably buy a list of people who have a clutter and organization problem because they're paying you to organize. So now you know they have this problem. Yeah, interesting, Long Shot type of stuff. So I'm not, yeah, yeah, it's not now, and it's maybe never. But

Speaker 1  46:38
no, it's cool though. I like, I like that train of thought.

Matthias Miller  46:45
Cool moving down this list. Then call efficiencies improved by 10% and I don't know if that's been pressure, but sales rate hasn't has actually got better because of since then. So at 128 seconds divided by 60 spinning, it's actually just two minutes of call. So there's probably more data on on length of call, like, you know, I'm sure there's an average of actual this is probably some level of, Hey, can I call you back kind of, kind of thing? And so this isn't the full picture, spending a reasonable amount of time. Well, I say reasonable amount of time. It's been like this. He's been reaching people in fewer dials. So I'm going to assume that this also means that people in fewer dials does this probably means prospects are in a buying mood. In his close rate, he's he's closing little under one out of every four people he contacts.

Speaker 1  48:08
Yeah, does it? Looking at Eric's numbers month by month, it feels like CSC is maybe a month or two behind what historically would have been industry trends. So it feels like, when I first started, it felt like March was when it when it took off, or April, for sure. I guess he did sell two more units in April than he did May, but it feels like we're a month behind the national trend, from what I've stuff I've ever read on, would you agree with that? In your observation,

Matthias Miller  48:47
I've been surprised in anecdotal conversations with other companies, how little national trend actually means. Oh, okay, like, I've had people say February is always my best month, or a guy in the out west who's like, man, February was the best, best month of the whole year. Like, interesting. Okay, it's just, it's crazy seasonality to be more standard, but, yeah, but I it does seem a little strange to me that, well, I mean, he's been plugging steady February through May, yeah, like, why is that? And I think it's possible this is speculation, but it's possible that walk ins pick up February, March online leads tend to buy a little bit later, sure, I but I don't know. The other thing for Eric too is like i. I don't know what it's it's obvious. Maybe the pull barns, the pull barns in May, helped a lot. Yeah,

Speaker 1  50:10
definitely for the for the bottom line numbers. But as far as the the other dad, I mean, he definitely, he's working hard. He 19 calls a day, anywhere from 18 to 20 calls a day is, I think, in the in the work included in that doesn't count any walk in traffic. Or would that? Would that count new so number of calls, let's say, could five of those calls a day be existing customers? Right? Yes, it could. Okay, either way, though, like, I think it doesn't, doesn't account for walk in traffic. So I think that's, I think he's working hard and he's been consistent since I felt like February, we had skewed numbers, because we transitioned that month, but, but even then, we tracked his calls, but that was maybe he made more calls that day or that month, but, um, the

Matthias Miller  51:16
other one on the Dallas for content. The other question would be, are you following up as proactively as you could on old leads, yeah, if your pipeline feels low, can you put energy into that? That's that could be the other indicator of the 1.7 here. And it could also just be with a busy month, like, Hey, I just straight it didn't Right. Which could also be a he feels like he's got lead capacity. And it's possible he does. It's also possible that, even within this, well, we already know that. And this goes back to scaling, we already know you're buying, I'm pretty sure you're buying enough leads. Eric thinks he can handle all of them. I think it's possible you've got enough leads for two to Eric's even as it is, yeah. And if that's the case, then increasing your marketing by 50% does not seem to me like a scary leap to make to add a third salesperson, okay, especially if your total ad spend, if your total ad spends like two and a half percent, two to two and a half percent, sorry but, but it's not gonna I don't think cost of acquisition is going to go up. Yeah, you're gonna have diminishing returns, but it's not going to go up 50% right? Okay? And, and if it's currently at two and a half percent, you can actually spend three, and I don't know, over 3% for your new leads, and still, still, overall, be under budget,

Unknown Speaker  52:58
right?

Matthias Miller  53:02
Makes sense? Yeah,

Speaker 1  53:03
it does. I'm I'm really excited about this report, and excited that you're offering to take time to go through have just have these conversations with me. I This is, I feel like we did a lot of groundwork to get to this point. This is fun. The groundwork isn't always as fun, but this is fun. So

Matthias Miller  53:23
this is fun. I have always, I've tried to sell clients on this stuff, yeah, and, you know, just, just be, be, I don't know, whatever like, I'll just gush for a little bit about how wonderful it is to have a client who likes drilling into this type of thing. And, yeah, because I just, I think it's powerful. I don't know why you want to run a company strictly off of, this isn't the full story. It's closed spread crumbs. Why would you want to run a company off of gut, just straight up, gut instincts, yeah, like, Let's do both. Like,

Speaker 1  54:00
right? When you think of the parallel in the athletic in the sports world, whether it's Olympians or team sports or whatever, I mean, they are filming every single repetition and breaking it down by movement. Why wouldn't you want to become the peak to perform at their peak? Why wouldn't we do that in business? Yes, and

Matthias Miller  54:22
at the level of performance. I mean, there's something to be said to just go, go into a place where nobody knows what they're doing and just be a good bit better. But really, the difference between great and excellence in the sports world comes down to these small nuances. There's this one thing, and if you can just tweak this one thing and you can hit it consistently, everything else falls into place, and you can win the game. Yeah, you know that better. It's yeah,

Speaker 1  54:54
yeah. We did have you read or listened to the book atomic habits. Yeah?

Matthias Miller  54:59
I have the I have had the book, at least at some point, concepts I have not read it. So,

Speaker 1  55:06
yeah, so they talk about the 1% changes. Yes, they reference a cycling team, I think, out of the UK or somewhere, but they kept making 1% changes, and one of which was like, as granular as, hey, we dust our mobile shop more more frequently, and they're just trying to figure out all these little breadcrumbs and chase them. And I just as much as those things probably helped. It's really the mentality of approaching all of those things that really you just see, you see the tides rise everywhere when you're willing to get down to the nitty gritty. So, yeah, awesome, man. Well, that's great. If you are willing to just shoot over those notes to me, that'd be great. And then I'm going to sit down with Eric this week and one encourage him and get a pulse on where he's at and figure out and today, I'm going to talk to him about how he should be expecting more leads immediately. And then if you have any other feedback through conversations with with him, or even as you just fine tune these reports, and we can gather that data. I'm always open to that constructive feedback, so

Matthias Miller  56:27
let me make a note. So for this in particular, GHL, OBD, I need to pull in the TSA order ID, and then we can actually, we can really get accurate numbers on this stuff. And

Speaker 1  56:40
then if we need to shift, if we need to do tweaks to how data is stored or organized in GHL for this purpose, I would say now's the time. And now's as good of a time as we'll ever have, because I want to before we get the second person in. I know Eric won't love the fact if we have to tweak some of his process. But I this report to me is, this is what. This is the data that we will rely on to make big decisions. So if there's things that you're like, hey, it would be better if we organized your data in GHL this way. I'm open to those suggestions as well. I think

Matthias Miller  57:23
the biggest thing that comes to mind when you say that this is a data point I feel like we're missing, is objection data, yeah, on any closed loss. Well, there's, there's actually a few things, one out of, out of, and maybe we can actually how much of this stuff? Well, that would be part of the either lost or abandoned leads, yeah. And why? The reason why? I'm not sure if you can. I don't think there's a way to make it. Oh, there's a lost reason.

Speaker 1  58:02
Look at somebody who was already on top of it.

Matthias Miller  58:05
Look at that. What is it lost? Let's go into see if it's set. Yeah. It's filters. Let's go over to lost find a lost lead, not unless that came across from HubSpot, lost reason out of

Unknown Speaker  58:35
All right, so we are. We are doing that awesome.

Matthias Miller  58:42
Thank you. We are doing that, and so really, what would be useful here, then is some reporting on dash, GHL, OBD, full and lost reason. And consider breakdown of lost reasons. Sales Rep, this would be really interesting to get more of a

Matthias Miller  59:19
unqualified product not available by CSC. Feel like, well, you've been doing this and then sorting by

Matthias Miller  59:39
last reason I recent? No, I don't want to apply this to everybody else. Thank you very much. I don't know. Let's grow this out to 100 i. And we can't sort by this. Unfortunately, no sort sort by

Matthias Miller  1:00:22
can Okay, we don't. We can't sort by owner, either.

Matthias Miller  1:00:30
No response. Not a lead out of area, competitor, not a lead. Do not contact, not a lead. Price range, not a lead. Why is Caleb having so many data leads? Why is Caleb not having so many data leads? That would be a very probably,

Speaker 1  1:00:53
because he's the first one to answer the phone call. Okay, no other reason other than that,

Matthias Miller  1:01:02
not a very qualified and qualified, no longer needed and qualified, we don't offer no response. Found another bid. Um,

Matthias Miller  1:01:32
here's another thing that you can well, yeah, I don't know there's, I know there's plenty of stuff in this.

Matthias Miller  1:01:50
Anyway we got to drop. But I'm sure there's plenty of stuff breadcrumbs in The Lost reason as well. I'll try to pull that across. But, yeah, good. Awesome. Awesome.

Speaker 1  1:02:02
I appreciate you, Matt. I hope you wish we prayed for VBS this morning, and we'll keep praying for it all week. So I appreciate it very much. Yeah, thanks for pass this along to your wife and the team we just as a member of the community. Thank you. You are very welcome. So All right man, have a blessed man.

Matthias Miller  1:02:22
All right. You too. Yeah. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai