Speaker 1  04:02
Hey, Hey, hey, hey, I am home, and my signal here is kind of weak, so if you want to turn camera off, it might save some bandwidth And I'll hear you better.

Matthias Miller  04:13
All right, all right. So

Matthias Miller  04:24
all right, you say, we need a website. I say, Yeah, but investment times certainty of success, and let's you know, that's how I bring these types of conversations. So if go ahead,

Speaker 1  04:47
when I say we need a website to two and a half things, one, I could always be wrong. Two, I didn't mean that we can't help them without a website. Change. What I meant is. Is looking at the situation diagnostic style. It doesn't look like the kind of website that brings business. I could totally be wrong, but I would want to walk into the situation saying, hey, in our years of experience as marketers, this doesn't look like the kind of website that's going to bring you sales. We can totally test it and give it a shot, if that's what you like. We just want you to be aware that things don't add up for us on upon, you know, looking assessing the situation. And so we want you, Mr. Prospect, to be aware of the fact that if you really want sales, you might need to be willing to change this. Does that make sense? Yep, so maybe for now, especially if they're already sounding budget conscious or something, maybe it's more of a heads up. And partly because if they were to say, hey, I want X, Y or Z, and we do that, we run ads, any ads, and it doesn't work. And they come back around and say, Okay, why? Why didn't that work? And we say, Oh, well, we think it's because of your website. We thought that the whole time. Then they're going to be like, Well, why didn't you tell me

Matthias Miller  06:14
that? Sure. So, what does do? We have any course of action for them if they need it. What? Need a website rebuilt?

Speaker 1  06:24
Um, I did not initially open my mouth about that with the idea of us doing it. But we could, I have an assistant who could we? Could we could find, oh, we can find some site out there that we think looks good, ish, two point itself or something else, and basically attempt to replicate that in WordPress. I was not trying to create a sticky situation. I don't think I couldn't do it for less than 1000 and even, even at 1000 it'd be like a break even project for me. But you know, if that's what it takes to if you and I are going to move forward with this scale with you model as a whole, maybe that's what we have to do.

Matthias Miller  07:20
Well, I mean, is there a I'm not saying it is. Maybe it isn't. Maybe the model's wrong. Now, couldn't we conceivably, if we can find lead forms that are converting elsewhere on Facebook, isn't it possible? I've heard folks say, friends of mine, they're selling pole barns, and they will, they will run Facebook ads, turn them on for a couple weeks and then turn them off because it got too many leads, and go work business, and then turn them back on, and then turn them off and turn on and turn them off. That's

Speaker 1  08:02
hilarious. What a what a good life for them. Um, I've got metal sheds. I'm in the Facebook ads library right now. I see lots of metal ish buildings, from carports to A to Z carports and buildings here. Let me just drop this. Enchanty, where did go? Are you near chanty at the moment? Yeah, yep, yeah, and I don't see like, this is fine, no, no objections or dislikes. It's perfectly

Matthias Miller  08:39
I guess I'm thinking about this completely in again, wrong angle. I'm thinking this if, if I were sitting in her shoes, and I wanted to de risk lead generation and get the most likely path to to quality leads at a budget that's at an acceptable risk level, and in a budget, budget that's doable. It seems to me not being, you know, not being privy to everything in the marketing world. But it seems to me that if other companies are doing lead forms successfully, that that would be something I should at least pay attention to and consider strongly. Am I thinking about it? Okay? I agree

Speaker 1  09:30
so, and I have a feeling I missed an important word or two there. You're saying that doing lead form ads would be an acceptable low cost and acceptable on the risk scale was that your point

Matthias Miller  09:46
low cost acceptable on the risk scale, high likelihood of success does not have the risk of website conversion in the same way that running Google Ads does.

Speaker 1  09:57
I agree. In general, here's where I'll deviate a little bear in mind that I am. I'm a Google Ads guy who has done Facebook ads, not the other way around, but like the general complaint in the media buying world about lead form ads is that clients typically tend to complain about the lead quality of a lead format, like, if you took all the different kinds of lead of AD, of leads, sorry, all the different kinds of no of ads, all the different kinds of ads, and you put them on a gradient, Google search ads are usually the best. YouTube is somewhere below that. Facebook, where they were driven to a landing page with some info and had to take action, is next, and the very bottom of the barrel is lead formats, and I hear this consistently across hundreds of different kinds of people and industries, and there's several reasons for it. One is the person filling out the form has the least amount of friction and also the least amount of, what would the right word be, the least amount of like pre education framing context. They're just they barely touched you and your business before they opted in so they know nothing. The other reason, can I, I'm sorry to interrupt,

Matthias Miller  11:37
can I drop off and call a prospect and ping it back. Yeah, okay, sorry, thanks. Okay.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai