Speaker 1  00:00
I have been with my current manufacturer for probably like nine years now, and I've got different lines of products. So I have different manufacturers for different products. So I saw a really nice line of portable wood buildings that are, you know, built pretty much, like, like, a house very, very nice quality. So I've got one manufacturer for those. Those are the ones I've been with for, like, about nine, nine or 10 years now. And then, I have a line of portable buildings that are, like, economy type buildings. So they're just like, metal roof, metal siding, more for people that are just really on a low budget, that just needs a building to kind of like stick along more some lawn pools and that type stuff in. So I've got a different manufacturer that makes those. And then I do a lot of metal structures, meaning, like the car porch, the garages. I do horse barns, big metal shop buildings, bardominiums, all that type stuff. And with those, I actually have four different manufacturers that I use. I've got it like a I didn't have to do a non compete agreement. I did it with them, where I could use whoever I wanted, when needed, and what I do with them is pretty much whoever is offering the best sell prices and the best incentives and stuff at the time, when I get ready to do quotes, then I'll take that customer through whichever company is doing the best pricing and stuff at that time, I also do some things, like dog kennels, chicken coops. We did get greenhouses, but the manufacturer I had for greenhouses had gotten just price point wise, had gotten out of hand, and every time people would come look at them, they just wouldn't buy them because they were so expensive. So I've actually been looking to find somebody else to kind of make those for me, because I do have a demand for them, but that's, that's pretty much the basics of it. All right.

Matthias Miller  02:33
This is a rain in the side. I came across a good friend of mine who does greenhouses. He learned from somebody who in Alabama. We learned it from somebody in, I think it was South Carolina, so, and I'm not quite sure if either of those would happen to be in range, but I'll make a note here to follow up and see. And you can, you can make a decision. I don't really get anything for making the intro, but I can see about that

Speaker 1  03:04
awesome, yeah, that'd be good. Actually, my, my portable buildings, actually, all come from South Carolina, and then the economy ones come from, like, far south Georgia, and then so I've got, I've got people that bring me stuff from all over the place, within, you know, a couple hour range. So usually distances is okay for most connections like that. Okay,

Matthias Miller  03:30
cool. So what percentage of your business comes from, from these different lines like, I mean, I'm just looking back at the napkin, like portable wood buildings versus, especially portable wood buildings versus metal structures.

Speaker 1  03:55
So I have, actually over 15 years, I have actually seen that fluctuate a lot. I've always felt like my mainstay and my bread and butter is the nice wood portable building, the line that I have, and then the metal structures have always been kind of like a very nice stand aside. So those have always just kind of been like bread and butter on top. And then there have been times throughout the 15 years where whenever the portable building cells would kind of seem to, like, really drop off all of a sudden, then I would just see, all of a sudden the metal buildings would just really start to click. And we start selling a lot of metal buildings, and they would just kind of completely fill in the gap, like where the portable buildings were not selling. And so I was like, Well, this is just really cool, you know. And I'm a very Christian person, and I just grew. I believe that, you know, God is my provider in all things. And so I've just always been like, okay, that's really cool, God, I see what you're doing right there. You know, you you kind of pick this up where this left off. But I will, I'll be really honest, the last during COVID and stuff like, we, we sold so many buildings that we couldn't even keep up with it, and we weren't even sure if we were, like, allowed to stay open, you know? And I was like, I'm not sure what we're supposed to do. We just kept going and opening the office. And I had, like, I'm friends with with the sheriff in our county. And I asked him, and he was like, Don't worry about it. You just do what you need to do. He's like, if anything comes up, like, we'll say that y'all are helping, like, emergency, you know, people get buildings for like, hospitals and schoolhouse, you know, homeschool and stuff. And he's like, and wish we were doing a lot of that type stuff, but we got, we were selling so many buildings, we had people walking in with stimulus money that they got in check with, just like, these big stacks of cash, flopping it on the desk and being like, we're we want to buy that building right there. And the crazy thing was, the banks weren't open, and so I was like, I don't have a way to, like, enter this cash and get it like, to my manufacturers. And so it was just like a giant mess. And then we sold so many buildings, but we couldn't get the flow of material like the material flow had stopped because of things being closed down. So we had this big old list of buildings that were sold, and then getting, like, getting them manufactured and out to people, what we like, we went through 40 buildings that we had in stock, like, super fast. So it was crazy. So then after that, things kind of leveled off. And then this past 12 months has been pretty, really, pretty rough, and I have, and I know it's all just economy related. It's all inflation related. In the 15 years I've been doing this, and everybody I know in the industry, because after 15 years, I met a lot of people in different parts of this industry, and we've always talked about that, no matter what the economy is doing, no matter what is happening in the marketplace, people always have a need for these buildings, and it always, regardless of like a downturn in the economy or Whatever, we have always consistently stayed busy and even sometimes more busy in bad times, because people had more of a need for the buildings and the bad times. And so I actually got into this in 2010 and my whole family was in real estate. My dad was a retired banker, and he had gone into developing and building. He would develop subdivisions and build houses and townhouses and all those type things. My mom had been selling real estate for then, like, 30 something years, and my youngest brother, when he turned 18, since he graduated from high school, he went and got his real estate license and then his broker's license. I worked in, like, management and our real estate company, we've had a ton of rental properties, so our whole family was, like, fully engulfed in real estate, everything. And so in 2008 when everything crashed with real estate, we all just were like, Okay, what do we do now? And my dad had five developments that were in progress that when everything hit, he just kept on paying interest and kept trying to hold on, because he's like, Oh, it's going to turn around. It's not going to keep staying like this. Everybody else that he knew, they were all turning their deeds into the bank and just being like, Here, take it. We can't pay the interest. He just was like, Oh, this is going to turn around. We're going to be fine. Long story short, he paid hundreds of 1000s of dollars out in interest. Didn't get better for a long time. We lost a ton of our stuff, properties, all that kind of stuff. And so that's what I got in this business, because I had to find something else to make a living. And I have, like, a whole testimony about it, I won't go into but God actually used old man that went to my church to kind of come and help me, like, get into this. And it was just a whole unbelievable thing, but it ended up being a really good business for me. And during that. 2008 time, pretty much everybody was struggling. You know, people were getting foreclosed on their houses. People were losing their properties. People were having a move in, you know, with their parents, or the parents were moving in with their grown kids. And because of that, we had people taking our portable buildings, put them in, like mom and dad's backyard and turn it into a tiny house for them to live in. And then we had people moving into, like their grown kids basement, but they needed a place to put their furniture and all their things, and so they would need a building. And so we just had all these things that people needed them for. And even though the economy was bad and people didn't have much money, they had situations that they had to get through, and the buildings helped them with those situations. And so we just saw that prosper throughout the whole 15 years, no matter what. And so we've all been very baffled, like my manufacturers, our managers, everybody, we've all been very baffled about the last 12 months and how the economy has actually affected the fellow building so much. And honestly, we went from selling 20 to 25 portable buildings a month, just on the wood side, you know, down to maybe selling six or eight a month. And so it's been, you know, probably like a 60, 65% decrease in business. And you know, you still got all the same overhead. You know, you still got all the same bills that you have to pay for your business, and you just don't have enough money coming in, you know, to cover everything. So I've been for the last year doing this rob Peter to pay Paul and then pay Paul, skip Paul and pay Peter, you know, kind of stuff. And it's, it's been a really rough time. And I just, you know, I keep being like, okay, things are going to turn around any day now. And you know, every time you hear like, oh, they they drop the interest rates a little bit. Or, you know, this happened, or that happened, you know, and you'd be like, Okay, maybe, maybe people are going to loosen up a little bit. And when the like election happens, like, Okay, now people are going to get a little confident. People are going to feel like things are going to turn around, and people are going to start loosening up on that money they've been holding on to. And they didn't really, I mean, we saw, like, maybe a week or two, or people loosen up a little bit, but not much. And so it's just been, I don't know, I've never seen anything like it. And the guy that that works for me at the lot, a lot, he's, he's actually a lifetime car sales guy and and then he got, came and worked for me doing this, and he's just like, a born salesman. And he's like, I just don't know, I don't know what to do. Like, if he's not making sales, he's not thriving, he's not happy. And he's like, I've literally done everything I know to do to sell stuff to people. And he's like, just like, you can't, you just can't make them buy. And he's like, we need to come up with some kind of good advertising. And I was like, Look, I've tried the local radio station. You know, I used to sell a lot of stuff, like, off of just Facebook, off of, like, marketplace and just off on my business Facebook page. And then we got where a lot of our business just started being just drive bys. But

Speaker 1  13:53
I told him I was like, you know, advertising super expensive. Now, you know, Billboards, radio, advertising, any type of marketing, is crazy expensive. And I was like, the thing is, right now we don't have any, we don't have any money in the budget, you know, with so few sales to even pay for any advertising, you know. And especially, I was like, if you knew that you spent, you know, $1,000 on advertising, but you were gonna get like, enough sales to bring that all back, plus, you know, four times as much. But I was like, most of the time. It doesn't work that way, you know. And so, yeah,

Matthias Miller  14:41
it makes sense. I've heard similar things from other from other folks. Have you? Have you done any? Have you tried anything at all, either advertising on on Google or advertising on Facebook? With, with paid advertising.

Speaker 1  15:03
So I have done a little bit of Facebook paid advertising, not through any type of marketing company, just doing it myself through Facebook. So I've created little ads. And, you know, I'll set the budget, you know, per day, or whatever, and they'll run them. I personally have never seen much actually come in as far as sales from that. I do get people that will click on it, and I do get people that will message and I mean, I'm sure I've sold a few things from that, but most of them just don't seem to actually turn to sales. It's like they're being nosy, and they're like, oh, it's kind of like, I guess, window shopping, you know? Oh no. It's like, something I'd like to have, but they're not really prepared to spend money to buy it, kind of thing, I guess so. And it could just be the target audience. It could be, I don't the nature of how I did the ad. I don't, I'm not a marketing expert, but, I mean, I do see Facebook ads, sometimes they get my attention of things, um, but I just haven't had, I haven't had great luck with it, right?

Matthias Miller  16:26
Well, we've had, we've seen other clients, I guess, just a little explanation on Facebook ads. Well, first of all, you got to know the marketing platform that Google and Facebook both. They'll take, they'll take any money you give them in any way, but, but there's two ways to kind of run that. One is, you can tell Facebook, hey, here's a post. I want lots of people to see it, and they'll say, Okay, let's show it to lots of people. And that's where you get the messages from. But there's also, they also have an advertising platform that's more in depth than boosting the post, and that's where you say, hey, Facebook, we really need some people to put in their information and reach out and contact us. And they'll, they'll go through that process then, and it'll help, it'll help guide that, and it'll start collecting information from people who might be interested. What we've seen other places is that Google, with other companies that Google, you pay more for, leads off of Google, but because if you think about how people approach it. You know somebody on Google, they're sitting down, they're saying, Hey, I'm looking for, I'm looking for sheds and in good hope, or, yeah, someplace like that. And they say, what companies? And then, if you're advertising on Google, you get your name up on the top, and they click through and hopefully call you. So you're paying more typically on Google, but they're more likely to have an interest in buying Facebook. Leads we've generally seen are cheaper, but then you do end up getting more tire kickers and so I don't really know at the end of the day. I mean, at the end of the day, it's, it ends up, I think that the cost per sale ends up being pretty similar from what I've seen, just because by the time you go through more cheap, you know, more tire pickers to get to somebody who's interested in buying you know, that's it's

Unknown Speaker  18:46
kind of what it takes. But

Matthias Miller  18:50
I guess one question I would have, and I'm not sure what direction to really, really point you, is, we've run these campaigns other places, and it's worked other places. I always tap the brakes just a little bit because we've, I don't know if you you've been around, you know the marketing spiel of, oh, just spend money, and it'll all come back, and everything will be great. And I don't want to put you Well, sorry. Let me say this, I think there's two directions we could go. Number one, we could see if we get you some resources and get you guys to push really hard on Facebook marketplace, do some, see if we can drum up business on Facebook marketplace, get a little little bit of stuff coming in, and see if we can get some traction and momentum with you on that. That would be, that's just a lot of sweat equity elbow grease. Yeah. The other option is looking at doing a campaign. And I, I had conversations with my marketing partner about this, and I told him straight up, I'm like, Look, we got to figure out a way that we can get our management prices down as far as we as far as we can, and just trust that we can help companies grow and we can, we can partner with companies to get them scaled up to where they need to be, because I don't think you're in a position to pay full marketing, marketing rates, and there's Yeah, and even, even if you do, there's a learning curve too, in selling online sales. If you can get them in the door, that's great. Not everybody comes in the door and closing somebody completely over the phone site and singing. From what we've seen, at least Your experience may vary, but from what we've seen as a little bit of a different it's a bit of a learning curve. So I think my question to you is, would you Yeah, I guess I kind of lay that out there and kind of want to hear what some of your thoughts are on that.

Speaker 1  21:24
Yeah, so I think that's been my so I think back, like last spring, I had to go a guy calling me from Angie's List, and he thought that I was doing, I guess, like landscaping type stuff. And he was trying to sell me, like landscaping package advertisement on Angie's List, and he was telling me all their conversion rates and how you get a whole area and all that type of stuff. And I was like, well, first of all, I don't do landscaping. I do buildings, and they didn't even have a actual category for portable buildings or metal structures. And so anyway, had to go talk to supervisors and higher ups and try to figure out if they could create a category for me to even be part of and all this type stuff. And so we went through, and he was like, making me, you know, these great promises about, you know, if I did it, like, how many, you know, leads I would get a day, and all this type stuff. And I'm like, Oh, well, that sounds great. What's the conversion rate usually on those? And, you know, it was kind of all over the place, um, but the amount of money, like, you had to spend, I want to say it was a minimum of, like, $3,000 a month. Do even the minimum thing with them. I was just like, I mean, I can't, I was like, I can't pay you $3,000 I mean, I was like, it all sounds great, but I don't have $3,000 that I can cough up, you know, out of my business right now, with things being like they are, to try to get that going. And so, I mean, I know Google and really any of the search engines are powerful tools, and I know really Facebook and social media are powerful tools. And I've piddled with it some, but I don't have, I guess, the training and expertise to really make it. I don't know. I hear these things about, if you're going to do it like, you have to create content every day, and you have to, you know, and I've tried doing that stuff, but I'm like, just coming up with stuff just to randomly post every day. You know, that's my stuff. I'm like, I don't know, like, and not look like an idiot, you know, like, what is she posting? Like, what is this? I feel you. But you know at this point, I mean, we are very hungry for business and hungry for sales. And, I mean, I would love to grasp a hold of anything that that would, you know, help us. But on the same hand, like, you know, I don't have, you know, 1000s of dollars that I can put towards, towards it, just kind of hoping fingers crossed that it's going to bring in sales. You know, it's more important for me to take that money and pay my overhead, you know, to keep my doors open than it is to, you know, pay something out that it may not equate into anything. So I don't, I mean, I definitely, I mean, I'm not opposed to doing anything on Google or Facebook, but I don't know

Matthias Miller  24:51
what's is there an amount. I mean, I can tell you this. Mean, I I'm probably too honest.

Speaker 1  25:05
Yeah, well, I love that. So I'm like, a really transparent person, and sometimes I end up not selling things to people because of my transparency. But I'm like, I would rather be a good person and be transparent, and be honest with somebody up front and sell them a bill of goods just to make a couple 100 bucks off of them, you know? And so I tend to be, like, very upfront, transparent with people. And I like it when people are that way with me. And I know that all of us have a job where whatever we're doing, we're trying to make money. That's our that's what we're working for, and I know that's what you're working for. You're trying to make money, and, you know, giving out things for free or telling people, well, my product is not really going to help you don't pay me anything. I know that's not what you know you're trying to accomplish. But I greatly appreciate any honesty and transparency and not pulling wool over somebody's eyes and and I truly believe that, like, you'll be blessed for that, you know, not doing people 30,

Matthias Miller  26:07
yeah, well, thank you. I would love to be able to say, look, it's guaranteed certainty, like we'll be able to hit hit numbers. You know, I I'm very confident that we can generate leads for you off of Google. The thing I don't know is, is exactly what the cost per lead is going to be, and I don't know, certainly don't know the close rate of what you'll get, and that depends. But you know, let's extremely conservative numbers, absolute worst, worst case scenario. What my media buyer or marketing partner told me is, he said, I'm going to write this out on my my own Chia paper, because it helps me, helps me think clear and keep things straight. But he said, he said, I just don't think that I can, I can get satisfactory results for he said, the absolute minimum to spend on Google ads in a month is $1,000 and so let's, let's say if you spend $1,000 and there's a management fee, well, we've got some options with that, but we can get to that if You spend $1,000 we've seen lead prices hanging around $25 here in Colorado, if you're if you can get the best leads, if you don't try to go take the whole market, you can generally get lower, lower leads. If you try to eat up the whole market, you end up paying more because you I mean supply and demand really. So if you, if you go really conservative, and you say it's going to be $50 a lead, which that's pretty expensive, you're going to end up getting 20 leads. If you end up being, I think, pretty conservative often, well, if you're really conservative on your close rates, and you close 5% that's one building. Now is it possible that we can get if the lead price actually ends up being $25 well, then you immediately get two buildings instead of one, even at a 5% close rate. Um, and if you and 5% is is assuming, probably not being super proactive, reaching out to leads and probably some some gaps in skills, on on closing them over the phone. If, if leads actually end up being closer to $25 and you can close at temp at a 10% close rate, then, then you're then you'd be looking at four buildings. So worst case scenario, it's one. Now, with just one building, are you guys at at a 10% or what's what? What portion?

Speaker 1  29:33
Yeah, so that's that's the thing a lot of people don't understand about the building business, is most of us are dealers, and we are, you know, we're making commission. We're not making a full out profit. And so a lot of people are like, Oh, you're selling those buildings. You're making, like, you know, 1000s of dollars. You know, we're on a, we're on a 10% Well now on the metal structures, on some of the big stuff, I'm at like an 18 and 20% commission. So I get bigger, bigger cuts on that big metal stuff. Um, but as far as, just like the portable buildings and stuff, yeah, we're at a 10% commission. So, you know, and we saw buildings everything from like an eight by 12 up to like a 16 by 40. And we have like 10 different styles. You know, some of the buildings with front porches and stuff like, the price point gets pretty high. So I mean, there are buildings that we sell some of the bigger, fancier stuff, where the commission might be 1000 or $1,200 but our average, our best sellers, are 10 by 16. Those buildings are about $5,500 we've been having a discount, like 10% off just to even get sales for months now. So you're talking about probably making about $500 you know, four or $500 average per building. So, yep.

Matthias Miller  31:17
Well, yep, and, and, so if you hit the four build for building. So the thing I was able to talk my marketing partner into is for him to manage, to manage the ads for $500 a month. And that's, that's like, that's the bottom so, and then, and then he's been asking $4,000 setup fee, because there's a lot of work involved in setting up the account and all of that, and some of that I can I'm the, I'm the guy that we're going to figure out how to make this. We're going to figure out how to make this work. And he's the I'm the gas pedal, and he's the brakes, and it all works out pretty good. But, yeah, I think we could. I think even with that, there's some flexibility that we could do a 90 day trial, and if it's just not profitable, then I don't know, we can maybe figure out some stuff. I think the question is, you know, at one building a month, you're you're dumping more money, and then you're getting back out. At four buildings a month, you start clearing an additional $500 and obviously that doesn't cover the

Unknown Speaker  32:49
that doesn't,

Matthias Miller  32:53
sorry that that doesn't cover the setup fee, necessarily, but, but it's at least traction that we can build on and grow from. The other option is, and this is also a little bit of a wild card we have not, I don't, I don't know that we run campaigns for them, but we can. We can also research what successful campaigns look like. If we could get you selling a few of your big metal structures and create some of that base revenue. Yeah, that would really be a lift.

Speaker 1  33:35
It would so actually, I love, my favorite thing to do is those big metal structures, because you sell somebody like a 30 by 40 or 40 by 50 building, and you're talking about even with the big we've been doing, like a 35% off sale, just to get things going. It's crazy. People are saving eight and 10 and $12,000 off of a building, but they're still going some of these quotes I've done, they're still going and buying from somebody else telling me they got a cheaper price and, like, how in the world did we cut 35% off and you're still getting a cheaper price? Like, I just don't, I don't see how it's possible, but I've had that told to me, I've been losing sales like that lately. But on those, if I make a if I'm making 18, and you know, some of those are 345, $1,000 commissions, so that is a really big bump. Um, yeah. So one of those equates into, really, like helping things out.

Matthias Miller  34:51
Is there? What do you have? Any kind let me jump back onto your website.

Unknown Speaker  35:02
This is,

Matthias Miller  35:09
lost it again. Here it is, let me, let me see.

Matthias Miller  35:20
Structures

Speaker 1  35:30
and I've actually been working with, been working for, with these two guys for about a year, and part of it's my fault, part of it's their fault that it's not completed yet. But we were supposed to have it done in three months. But they have been creating a kind of like an e commerce website for me, just simply for metal structures, where, when somebody goes and Googles like metal structures, it'll come up, like in the top of the feed. They can go on there, they can actually build out what they want at a price, that they can actually order it all right there on the website. And so that was something like that. It's taken a lot of work like to get all that stuff like created, and they run into some roadblocks with it. And then they were kind of close to getting it done. And then my dad got sick with cancer, and we had a lot going on with his daughter's appointments and stuff. And he actually passed away on Christmas Eve after having, like, a massive stroke. And so it's been, you know, really rough holiday season, trying to get through all that stuff. And we just actually had his funeral this past weekend, so I've got to get back in touch with those guys and get them back going and get that finished. But that's something that I spent about 3000 or $3,500 with them, and they came back later and they were like, well, if we know how much work this was going to be, we would have probably ended up having to charge, like, twice as much for this, but we already made an agreement with you, and it is what it is, you've already paid us. But I think the mistake is I paid them all up front, and they had all the money, and then it hasn't all come together like it was supposed to. But I feel like, I feel like they'll get it all pulled together here, but hopefully that's going to equate into some more metal structure sales once we get that going. Okay,

Matthias Miller  37:34
all right, that sounds, sounds good. So it sounds to me like your comfort level investing in marketing. If we can, I'll have my guy do research on on what's working for, for these metal structures, and see if he can get some, gets, get some, some solid, solid stuff figured out. But it sounds to me like going down the middle structure route and advertising that seems like that's the biggest it was, sorry. It sounds like your comfort level investing into something like that is is quite a bit higher than trying to get,

Speaker 1  38:12
yeah. I think it just makes more sense numbers wise, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I think if, if we can get some metal structures, some big stuff, pulling in that equate in the sales, then that would open up a little bit more funding to be able to also try to do some marketing on the portable building, so that they're, they're both, you know, picking up. But, yeah, there's just more margin for profit in the in the big metal stuff, yeah,

Matthias Miller  38:42
for sure. All right, tell you what. Holly, first of all, I want to say, I don't know it's I don't really have have much to say, except and sorry for your loss, and it's great to hear how your faith in Christ is real and vibrant and alive. I'm just, I guess my my hope for you is that you'll feel His presence and His comfort in the midst of loss. I don't really have anything else I can

Speaker 1  39:14
I can wish for you. It's hard to it's hard to know what to say to people. You know that I'm like, everybody's just like, I'm sorry for your loss, and it's like, what else do you say? You know, my dad was, he was such an intricate part of our family. Him and my mom had been married for 50 years. They worked together a year before they married, and so she was 19 when they got married, and she never really has known what life without him is, because she went straight from her adoptive parents house into his home, and always was completely cared for, like, financially, everything and. So this is a huge, huge thing for her. And then I've got two younger brothers on the oldest child, and and being the girl like I'm the one that takes on, like a lot of the family responsibility. And so I did a lot of stuff to help my parents and their businesses and, like, with our family trust, like I'm always the one that was just, you know, picking up all the loose ends and helping them with paperwork and stuff that they needed. And so I was very, very close with my dad, and then he had 10 grand kids, and some of our girls in our family, my brother got divorced when his girl he had three girls that were very young when he got divorced, and he married a woman that didn't want his children when he remarried, and so he ended up bringing them over to my parents and being like, I need you to keep them. And their mother had a drug problem, and so she wasn't fit to have custody of them. That's why they divorced. So basically, my parents, they were my dad had retired. They were traveling, doing all these fun things with their friends. They ended up having changed their whole life to raise their grandkids, and it was a lot for them. And so I had my my young daughter, and so I kind of had to partner with my parents and helping to raise all these children. And it took, like all three of us, you know, just to fill in the gaps, and so he became my brother's daughters got very jolted by the fact that my brother chose to marry a woman that didn't want them to be part of their lives, Instead of choosing his children. So now that they're 20 and 16 and 14, it's he's not, he's not a dad to me, granddaddy was like, it was our father. You know, he was our father figure. He's the one that provided for us. He's the one that we wanted to walk us down the aisle. And like, my daughter graduates in May, and she wanted him to be at her graduation, and she'd are always said, like, granddaddy will be the one to walk me down the aisle, and I need to get married early in life so that he's able to do that. And so we just have a whole bunch of little crush people in our life because he, he wore so many hats to so many people. And I, I told, I've told people, I'm like, you know, the Bible talks about a man being the patriarch of his family, you know, and being the under God, the head of the house, but being the one that provides protection for his family, he's the provider for the family. He's the spiritual head of the family. And I was like my dad, like, if there was a picture in the Encyclopedia of what a patriarch looks like, my dad would have his picture would have been there because he provided all of those things, like for all of his family so well, and he loved us all so well, and he thrived, just like the girls would go to school in the mornings and they didn't have time to eat breakfast or whatever, and he would go to Starbucks and get them their favorite coffee, and go through Chick fil A and get their chicken biscuit. School office ask them to call them and have this special breakfast for them. And Valentine's Day, he would go and he would buy a vase of roses in their favorite color. For every single girl, he would get them all a box of candy. He would get them all a card. He would go to filet and get the heart shaped biscuits and the heart shaped chicken mini tray, super, super early, and bring it and have it waiting on them when they woke up to get ready for school. And so he just did so many special things, and they're all like, what are we going to do now on Valentine's Day? Like, we don't have granddaddy to do all these special things for us, you know, my mom is like, we're just going to have to really step up and fill in the gaps, you know, and try to do the things that that he did. And, you know, there's just like this. And he was a, he was like an entrepreneur, like his dad died when he was three, and so he started working probably when he was, like eight years old, and he paid his way through college. He worked hard his whole life, doing like, multiple jobs, and he taught. All of us like a really entrepreneurial spirit, and just imparted a lot of wisdom and business sense into us. And so we just all feel like this really big heartbroken, you know, void right now. And he was in the hospital when he had the stroke for 18 days, and they told us, when he went in the ambulance to the ER, they did a scan, CT scan, and I said he's had a massive stroke on the left side of his brain. He's got a blood clot in his main artery, and all that we can do for him is put him upstairs in a hospice room, give him a bunch of morphine, keep him comfortable, and then 48 to 72 hours, his brain is going to swell. He's going to have a brain bleed, if you just be gone really quickly. And so we're all just like in the ER, crying our eyes out, so distraught, they move him upstairs to the room, and the nurse that we had heard us talking about our faith in God and that we believe that, you know, God could turn this thing around. And so I went outside, and I was like, Can I get a couple pillows? So my mom and I stayed there around the clock for 18 days. We never left the hospital. We stayed in that room with him, and when I went out to get the pillow, she said, I just want to tell you I heard y'all talking, and I know that they told you that hospice was the only option, but it's not your only option. She's like, you can do what's called palliative care, and instead of us dehydrating him and starving him and pumping and full of morphine to basically euthanize them.

Speaker 1  46:45
We will actually give him IV fluids. We'll give him a feeding tube to give him nutrition. We'll actually treat him and try to give his brain a chance to see if it's going to recover from the stroke where he can actually get better. And so we immediately said, Yeah, that's what we want to do, because we believe God's the giver of life, and God is the only one that has the right to decide when we take our last breath. And it's not up to us to do hospice and, you know, fill em up with more pain and make his foot freezing. And you know, that would be us taking control over, you know what God's plan is. So everything that they told us was going to happen, they came in two days later, took him for a CT scan, and they were like, wow, like he's had no additional brain swelling, he doesn't have a brain bleed, like none of that stuff is happening. So he literally fought so hard for 18 days. He was determined he was going to live. He never was able to verbally talk to us again. But there were times that he could open his eyes and he would squeeze our hand, and he would let us know that he heard us, and he would kind of sort of communicate with us through squeezing hands and stuff. And so we really thought, I mean, we prayed around the clock, we played worship music, we anointed his room with anointing oil, and we read scripture, and we declared, you know, life over him. And we fully believed that he was going to get up out of that bed, you know, and he was going to come home and he ended up like his his kidney started to shut down and quit being able to produce urine, and it was just kind of like one thing after the other, and his body started to shut down, and the toxins started to build up in his body to the point where His body couldn't fight off the toxins and stuff anymore, and it just started to make his his body very sick. And so he finally passed on Christmas Eve after fighting so hard for 18 days. But, you know, we were just like, God, like, you know, everybody in that hospital, like all the nurses and all the doctors, like they were all watching us. They were all saying, like they'd never seen the level of love in a hospital room, like they saw in my dad's room. They talked about how when they walked in his room, they could feel the presence of God, you know, in the room, and how, like, we changed the whole atmosphere. And the nurses, after having us for a few shifts, they would change shifts, and it got where, like if they called them and said, We need you to come in. Can you come work a shift? We were told that they would say, if we can have Mr. Prather, then we will come in like, I want to take care of Mr. Prather. And the funny thing was, he never was awake to talk to them, for them to know his personality, or for him to cut up with him, or any of the things he normally would have done. But just because of how much they saw that we loved him, and it made them like drawn to wanting to give him the best care. And so it was just. Uh, when he died, it was a really tough thing because it wasn't what we were expecting. And then we just have been like, you know, you you don't ever want to question God, and you don't want to let your faith waiver, but it's just kind of like, you sit back and you go, Well, God's like, I was even reading scripture, like reading the story of Hezekiah, how Hezekiah was like on his death bed, dying, and God granted him an extra 15 years of life. And my dad, he was 79 he was going to turn 80 in February, and we were going to have this big 80th birthday party to celebrate. And his his uncles and all these people in his family lived to be, like, 9698 years old. So genetically, he has, like, really good longevity in his family. And so we had always just figured that's what how he would live, and he was one of these very like manly men, and we have like, a 50 acre family farm, and he would get out and work on the farm and out work like a 30 year old guy, you know, he could, he could do, you know, manual labor like, you know, a young guy couldn't do. And so we just never anticipated him, like going to 79 years old. And so it's just been really like, Well, God, why did you, why did you have to take him when you knew that we all needed him so much, you know? Why? Why couldn't you just let him be here for another 15 years and then he could have had it for eternity? You know? And like our pastor, he's like, I don't know the answer to that. I don't know. I can't, I can't answer that question. Like, you'll never know until you get to heaven. You can ask Jesus yourself, but we just have to know that, like, all of his plans for us are good, and that he sees the future and he sees the things we don't see. And it's really hard to understand, like, what reason would there be to take him, for him not to be here, to continue to do all the things he does for his family? But he's like, God knew something that we didn't know. And so that's been, like, what we're we're all have been just kind of struggling with, like, trying to just understand, you know, why? And that's been, it's been a lot. I didn't mean to get into all that with you, but that's, you know, it's just and I said, I guess I'm really blessed because I'm 48 years old, and I've never lost anybody that, you know I'm been really close to. And I said, so I guess I can say, Thank You Lord that I've never had to experience this before this point in my life. But when it's somebody that is so so close to you, and that just was so important to so many people, it's just a really, really hard thing to go through. I don't think there's, I don't think there's any body that can tell you, like, how do you walk through this? How do you grieve through this? How do you move on from this? Because I think everybody just has to kind of do it like in their own you know, whatever it takes, day by day. And my my daughter, that's a senior at school, we thought we were going to have a snow day today, and they weren't going to have to go to school, and we had the funeral Saturday, and then we got off yesterday for MLK, and she was like, Thank goodness it's going to be a snow day, because I'm just not mentally prepared for going back to school. Well, then they ended up not canceling school. And so she was like, I'm just my mind is just not on going to school. I'm just not and she, like, left yesterday afternoon to go get a coffee, and she was gone for like, three hours, and I was like, where did you go? She took her coffee in a blanket and went to the cemetery and went and sat on the ground out in the cold next to my dad's grave, wrapped in a blanket and sat there and talked to him for a few hours, not in the cold. And I was like, fella. I was like, Honey, it is freezing out there. I was like, What in the world? And she said, Well, granddaddy's cold in the ground, so if he's going to be cold, I can go be cold with him. And I was just like, okay, like, you know? And I'm like, I guess, if that's what she needs, if that's what helps her, if she needs to get so close to him by sitting there, and then everybody has their thing that they have to do to get through it. So, yeah, it's a

Speaker 2  54:32
lot. Wow. Yeah.

Speaker 1  54:40
Thank you for your for your thoughts and your kind words. Right now is just a lot of a lot of people to pray for us and undergird us and just kind of help us get through it. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  55:00
Yeah. Well, I think this feels like an abrupt change of subject. Think things for the things for the stories. I

Unknown Speaker  55:09
it's yeah,

Matthias Miller  55:15
it's hard. I there's just yeah, like you said, you just keep walking. And yeah, I think it brings reality to the idea that even though we walk through the valley of the shadow of death, it's in the darkness we have. It doesn't take away the pain. It doesn't take away the the grieving, the hurt, but we have a comforter, and we he is willing, he and the people that God puts in our lives just to walk through it. So I just want to just be in, be encouraged as you, as you walk. Yeah, then I think as far as far as next steps, let me, let me see if I can get a hold of my marketing partner in the next day or two, usually we're able to connect at least once a day. And let me, let me, I'll send over your website. I'll see if he needs any other kind of preliminary information. And let me have him take a look and see what he thinks. And I'll be back in touch to see see what kind of options we've got moving forward. How does that sound?

Unknown Speaker  56:30
That sounds great. All

Unknown Speaker  56:31
right. Sounds

Matthias Miller  56:32
good. Well, appreciate the chat Holly and hope the rest of your day goes well.

Speaker 2  56:39
Thank you so much you too. All right, thanks, goodbye, cool.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai