Speaker 1  00:17
Somebody should really mess with somebody's head someday and say, zoom, should come on and say, instead of saying, recording in progress, it should, somebody should change it up just for a day, and say, Your progress is being recorded.

Matthias Miller  00:35
It's not wrong, it is being recorded.

Speaker 1  00:41
I so messed with Seth head yesterday, with with making the the Christmas banner in red. Poor guy. Ah, cracked me up.

Matthias Miller  00:52
It's funny.

Matthias Miller  00:59
Well, a random note, tax planning is profitable, but an interesting experience.

Unknown Speaker  01:15
Anyway. What kind of tax planning i

Matthias Miller  01:23
i have an S corp, and so I'm between between low income, this low personal income this year, and I don't know, it's just all the miscellany stuff that goes with that.

Matthias Miller  01:48
All right, that's not, I don't know.

Matthias Miller  01:55
For today, I think here's what I you

Speaker 1  01:58
wanted to work on, import stuff. Yeah, that's,

Matthias Miller  02:04
that is the thing that's got me unwieldy, unwieldy. I think this is the thing that could, I don't know, I don't know if we can realistically even get imports done by end of month. That's the obnoxious thing. I

Matthias Miller  02:26
So,

Unknown Speaker  02:33
all right, the I

Matthias Miller  02:43
we're getting pretty close. I have a theoretical world in which I can

Matthias Miller  02:59
I have a report to pull in contracts and the actual import isn't that difficult. I just don't know what exactly I don't know how close I am. How can I help? Well, I think it would give me a little bit of peace of mind to try to actually run this import and see what blows up. So let's go find folders, service contracts, primary, and let's copy path

Matthias Miller  03:44
format is flat. Run it off of the column label, import field names not specified. Let's preview this guy. Sure.

Speaker 1  03:55
Bob, oh, I forgot. I got to remember this that you can run. You can run preview, dude.

Matthias Miller  04:06
It is the most useful thing in the world, call name. I don't even know what this is, so let's go view this guy. So we're going to be keying off of contract. We're it's going to be a number, and then we're going to match on an index of contract by RP history, sl ID. No, that's not right, contract by RP contract. I'm

Matthias Miller  04:45
it Okay, fine. How do you like me now? Boom, all right, must be present, okay, and then this is a little trick that I've plotted. File, Export, we export, add column headings, save, turn it back into screen. Report, the setting stays there, and now I can use this guy, all right? RP, source, data, contract, silver limb.

Speaker 1  05:21
Okay, so here's what I have a suggestion, yep. Can we go? Can we go? Can we import based on contract, sales tax, eat? Is that the right one? Shouldn't I see more fields here, like, is it does that thing scrolly, right? Yeah, that's what I thought. Okay, part of me wants to say, let's figure out a a subset of this to bring in.

Matthias Miller  05:54
Well, I mean, so what I'm thinking is, I'm pulling out of the Okay, let me actually.

Speaker 1  05:58
Let me ask a different question. Does it matter that we don't have certain definitions set up. I only have three definitions.

Matthias Miller  06:04
That's That's what, I'm not sure. So we should have a

Matthias Miller  06:17
override effective value. So this guy should actually be Now, this Dude

Matthias Miller  06:36
and this guy,

Matthias Miller  07:20
contract ID is a required field.

Unknown Speaker  07:24
Yeah, you would have a contract ID in your data set.

Matthias Miller  07:28
Is it this guy, contract, or is it something else? Scroll right here. Let's go here.

Speaker 1  07:41
Contract, this guy, good. I was contracts. Contract. Okay, hold on a second. Let's let me. Let me do this. Let me pull up. Let me pull up. Let me pull up. RTO Pro, and let's, let's make sure we have what data we're looking at so we're looking so we're grabbing the correct thing. So I don't tell you something wrong here. Give me a second.

Matthias Miller  08:03
Yep, I'm pretty sure it's this, but I'll wait. I won't wait. I'll just keep going and you can tell me I'm wrong.

Unknown Speaker  08:12
You're wrong. Thanks. Do we all feel better now? Yep,

Unknown Speaker  08:24
okay, v2 cloud,

Unknown Speaker  08:35
do you know how happy I'm going to be when we can dump v2 cloud? Huh? Give me an example. Hang on a second. Okay, okay.

Matthias Miller  08:53
Richard Posey,

Unknown Speaker  08:54
one, I'm still what's the guys which? Com, which company? What's door number? More space.

Unknown Speaker  09:17
What was the name? Richard

Matthias Miller  09:20
Posey, P, O, z, z, i, p, O, Z, I, Richard

Speaker 1  09:32
Ricky, Richard Posey. No, stop it. Country. Where do I how do I get in here again? I forget country. This is a closed maintenance. Let's try maintenance. No. How do I get to this old information? I forget history. Let's just go the history. Duh. Okay, what number are you triggering on? 000407, you are 100% correct. That is the contract number. You lied. You were right the first time.

Matthias Miller  10:15
Okay, contract monthly total. This is the contract value, internal, which comes from contract. Value internal, which comes from contract, contract, term, monthly fee, contract, monthly total, contract, monthly subtotal, rent, subtotal, rental, base, contact, prod, effective value, effective value, overwrite. That's what I'm setting. I'm not. Okay, fine. Now, all right, let's reach it rerun. You see it's just stuff like this. It's just stupid and obnoxious. Okay, include dwf in contract type. Let's do contract type, because that's going to be easy. I'm

Speaker 1  11:24
you do know if it's if it's if it's if it's of any use. Well, okay, let me ask us a different question. Is this something only you can do?

Matthias Miller  11:38
I don't know, because not necessarily

Speaker 1  11:42
if, if Nick or Seth or anybody else has the knowledge of how to get to the same end result, I don't mind working with them. Just asking,

Matthias Miller  11:54
I would, it would be quite wonderful,

Speaker 1  11:59
because i i I recognize that this is going to make if I had to do you, if I was on the opposite side of the screen and doing what you were doing, it would drive me nuts, and it's driving you nuts. And I'm, I'm going to basically sit here and help navigate, and that's, and I don't mind doing that. Does not make me upset to do it. I'm just saying if it's if this can be better served by by someone else. I don't mind sitting and and plotting through this with Seth or nick or somebody else.

Matthias Miller  12:26
My biggest problem doing this is, is less doing it the fits the fact. Number one, we won't be able to get it done in a timely manner. Number two, you really are overpaying to get this done. Well, let's let me, let me. This is

Speaker 1  12:43
one piece of perspective. Yep, this is a very important component to future onboarding. So getting this right, I don't mind overpaying for sure.

Matthias Miller  12:56
Are you fine slipping the read only version by a couple by a couple weeks because we're going to need to do it right after Christmas or right right after the new year.

Speaker 1  13:09
Yeah, I mean, it is what it is. I here's how I again. I'm going to, I'm going to repeat myself. Sure. Think of repeating myself. This is a very, very important component to our development. Yep, it can't like we can't. This has got to be right. Because you can't, you can't, you can't migrate data incorrectly. It just has to be right. So I don't mind if you say, look, Seth, can 100% walk through this with you. I will gladly walk through it with Seth or nick or whoever

Matthias Miller  13:54
Okay, so let's, let's, I want to, I want to see what resources are like on his end. Just talk it through, contract type. How do we know whether it's a CRA or not? It feels like this is not what determines that i

Speaker 1  14:30
Hang on. Let me think, how would I go find a customer with I think I had a way to find customer with those kinds of deposits. If we can find a customer with that kind of deposit, I can reverse engineer custom SQL script strings,

Unknown Speaker  14:54
inventory with deposits and.

Matthias Miller  15:14
Hey guys, hello, I'm looking for somebody to shatter my ego, and you were the most likely first candidate who would be capable of doing that. Is it still true that I am the best guy to manage the imports from RTO pro into zrt? The only downside, the biggest, the number one downside is just time constraint. It's the other downside is, is is there? Are there less? Are there less expensive ways to get it done? It's to Dwayne's. Dwayne made a point just now, like, Yeah, I mean, it matters a lot that it's done and done right? But if we could throw Dwayne and Nick at it for the next I don't know how much Nick is working. I don't know availability, but if they would just go spend three days together and focus and figure it out. Like, would that be a better use of everybody?

Speaker 2  16:29
I was gonna say, I sure don't want this coming my way, but it's Dwayne and Nick. Then, I mean, I, I wasn't quite sure we could just send it to Nick without nobody, neither

Matthias Miller  16:42
he nor I, can do it without more contacts, like I'm running up against the wall right now. Like, what contract tech is this? CRA or not? Oh, no, all right. Well, how do we find it?

Unknown Speaker  16:53
I'm hunting method to figure that out.

Speaker 2  16:57
Yeah, I would. That could be a good, pretty good option.

Speaker 1  17:01
Okay, Matthias, on the contract, we should be storing a field for purchase reserve. If we didn't, we messed up somewhere, because I say that, okay, on the RTO Details screen for contract, he fields purchase reserve. I don't know if that's LinkedIn from another table. It may be linked in another table, so we may have to do some cross reference to figure this out, like you're

Matthias Miller  17:31
hoping there's nothing. Oh, this is not filtered, okay, so should we just see if Nick wants to, wants to hop on, and then I'm happy to jump on at some point, at various points, to help him get stuff unstuck. And he can leave to do's for things on a call right now, that's right, he has

Unknown Speaker  17:55
his it's on a design call.

Speaker 1  17:57
Let's go Matthias, go to the I think it's called deposit table.

Matthias Miller  18:02
That's good. Thank you. Seth, think that's good for now. I can drop, you can drop. I'll get in touch with you or Nick, and we'll figure out, and I'll do some kind of a handoff

Speaker 2  18:13
where we're just ping him to get this on his radar as a possibility. Yes, yes, yeah, that'd be great. I'll do on a signal chatter. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  18:22
Okay, yeah, that's awesome. Okay, do you have a Do you have any?

Speaker 1  18:33
Do we have a table called deposit table? Do we not? Yes, I'm gonna venture to guess it's under it's on the deposit table.

Matthias Miller  18:46
Now let's go down to the deposit and see what we picked. We have po cap, pro type, amount operator, Hokie store. That's just

Speaker 1  19:01
probably, I suspect that the Hokey is probably going to link it up to the actual contract.

Matthias Miller  19:08
Let's go back to here. Would there be a you don't have a record ID or amount, or let's hunt for 3617, is that okay? This guy?

Speaker 1  19:31
No, no, no, no, no, go back. You were at and we need 361, no,

Matthias Miller  19:38
no, the other ID. What's huh?

Speaker 1  19:42
Sorry, I was looking at the data deposit column, the very first column, let's let's scroll down and look at that. Well, okay, okay, what's the amount? 1213, 36 let's look up $3,040.52

Matthias Miller  20:01
He's not in here. He's not a deposit. He's hiding somewhere else. Okay, we have, well here, let's do this. That's what finding files is for notepad, plus, plus,

Speaker 1  20:25
see if they just had a way to, like, tell me the field and what table it's coming from that would be just

Matthias Miller  20:32
really nice be stored. Yeah, exactly

Matthias Miller  20:41
No. See, in here, okay, let's take out the comma history. Okay, let's go into history.

Matthias Miller  21:04
Not you?

Unknown Speaker  21:19
Does he store with commas? I don't know that he does.

Matthias Miller  21:22
We're displaying, well, we may or may not be displaying it with comms. I'm not sure what, sure we should scroll down and find out. Yeah, we're displaying with commas. So 38,000 we have a few of these. Uh, do we know the no, why

Speaker 1  21:45
don't you write? Write a search against inside history?

Matthias Miller  21:50
Amount, yeah, yeah, it's going to be history. History. Amount,

Unknown Speaker  22:04
a 3000 Yeah, there you go.

Matthias Miller  22:07
What it was? Amount? No, but there's other columns. Let's do 70. Okay, let me. Let me cut this line. Let me do this. Let me get the

Matthias Miller  22:33
save this as slash, tempt, test, dot, CSV, open that up. RP, source, data, history total. Wait a minute, you gave me the wrong number, dude, the wrong field, man, did I

Speaker 1  22:53
There we go. There you go. What's it under? Yeah, okay, history total, data, history total,

Matthias Miller  23:01
yeah, so

Unknown Speaker  23:03
it's in the history, but there's nothing that defines it as a CRA

Matthias Miller  23:10
what's the trans type?

Matthias Miller  23:17
Yeah, payment or refund, okay, but that doesn't or a or a credit or a, no.

Speaker 1  23:30
Let's go look at, let's go look at the R receipt number, what? Let's go. Let's, let's, what is, what does all his receipts numbers start with,

Matthias Miller  23:39
yeah, the receipt number. So let's go find let's do this before we lose all this stuff.

Unknown Speaker  23:49
Now, art has to do with initial transactions. How does he define this as a

Matthias Miller  23:59
history contract? Neck. Taste late. GRP, history total has a zero amount and a total, which is intriguing. There is a payment for better

Speaker 1  24:11
way to identify this number, let's, let's, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Search contracts now, for what for that same dollar value.

Matthias Miller  24:22
It's not in there. I searched all the CSVs for it. This number appears exactly one time right here. Oh, man, that's rough.

Speaker 1  24:34
There's no way to identify the account as a CRA account.

Matthias Miller  24:38
Really? Is there a Okay, let's see where the receipt number shows up here. Let me share my Windows desktop.

Matthias Miller  24:58
Okay, this is the same. 3617,

Matthias Miller  25:12
okay. Transaction, date, history, account, seat, transaction type, contract, due, date, next, due, days, late. Amount, GRP, other, tax.

Unknown Speaker  25:26
What is the history? Payment form one, what hit the drop, down, what? What is this? Let's go search transactions, number, payment form one,

Matthias Miller  25:41
and see if that happens to be the magic

Unknown Speaker  25:43
I have no idea.

Unknown Speaker  25:56
Okay, no, I bet you this is just all down payments, the initial payments.

Speaker 1  26:06
Are they all Rs? They are all ours. So that is payment number one. Is essentially what he's saying. All of his initial payments usually have a receipt number of R Okay.

Matthias Miller  26:17
So here then, so that's

Speaker 1  26:19
one, go, go, go, go, back to what you had. What's the Okay, P and R, P R, P R, P R, what's the P and what's the R? P's are usually zero guard, aren't they?

Matthias Miller  26:32
But note that there's some that are zeros, that are where the amount is zero.

Matthias Miller  26:49
It's, I don't know. Is that a security deposit? Is it something else? Does he distinguish between security deposit and CRA?

Speaker 1  27:02
Yeah, he does everything in a deposit record. Table is, is security deposits. You're telling me that that that he's not he's not recognizing this as a So, and we're sure we didn't miss a table of purchase reserves.

Matthias Miller  27:28
Okay, let me make sure. Let me make sure I exported all this stuff.

Matthias Miller  27:57
Up I want. I don't want an agent or editor. Switch tip. Thank you. This

Matthias Miller  28:35
is the thing that makes the magic happen. What is

Unknown Speaker  28:42
I don't see this guy,

Matthias Miller  28:45
wait, although I shared it,

Unknown Speaker  28:51
the stuff, yeah, what is that?

Matthias Miller  28:54
That's the script that's doing all the Oh, you stinker.

Speaker 1  29:49
I do me a favor. Share that the skimmer doc with me. I want to. I want to. I want to look, look, see at it.

Matthias Miller  30:05
Are you

Unknown Speaker  30:15
need access to the Dwayne at Berman dot biz.

Matthias Miller  30:22
I thought she had it. Oh, you're using a different account now. Yeah, crafty,

Matthias Miller  30:34
thank you. Okay, here we go. The contract has it that one, okay copy,

Matthias Miller  31:17
contracts paid down.

Speaker 1  31:28
A paid no, it's called paid down. We didn't bring the field in.

Matthias Miller  31:42
Get a ping. Is it

Speaker 1  31:44
I have the row highlighted, if you just scroll down, do you see it? It's 266,

Matthias Miller  31:55
yeah. Sorry, Amy, and let me do this. I

Matthias Miller  32:07
also Sean, we need it.

Speaker 1  32:22
You know, he might have been just smart as just grabbing every single field out of the contracts table.

Matthias Miller  32:31
It's kind of overkill, but maybe I'm sorry Jonathan needs he's got a question here. I

Unknown Speaker  33:23
A it might be overkill, but

Speaker 1  33:38
I would make the argument that this is one of the most core records. I think we're going to end up, I'm a little bit afraid we're going to end up going back and doing this a couple more times, if We're if we don't just grab everything from it. I

Matthias Miller  34:50
A let's just double check though contracts.

Speaker 1  34:59
Wait you had a. Okay, you had a, you had a, an XLS file of the entire table, right, right.

Unknown Speaker  35:11
What? How did we miss that? What

Matthias Miller  35:14
do you mean? How do we miss that? Because I have two versions of this CSV, one, one has everything, has everything, everything. And one is has just the silver loom stuff. So,

Speaker 1  35:35
because the other thing I'm a little bit worried about is looking at the contract. We don't say what building is tied to it. We didn't bring any kind of serial number, model number or description information, or be like any of that stuff we didn't bring in. And so that is also going to tell us what building was actually tied to this contract. Regret. I

Matthias Miller  36:04
So should we literally do everything?

Speaker 1  36:11
I wonder. I wonder if, like, the only record I think that I'm gonna, I'm gonna advocate for bringing in literally everything would be the contract record, because there's so much stuff he baked on this one. Yeah. I mean, yes, we're going to come in with a whole bunch of blank fields. And maybe it is. We take another, we take another look at the, like the entire CSV of that, of that table, and say, Okay, maybe we just take another pass at it, or, well, we know we don't need The whole update that part we do know.

Matthias Miller  37:02
Okay, so what we how do we want to?

Matthias Miller  37:16
I think what we want to do, let's try this. This might be the easiest way to do this.

Unknown Speaker  37:26
Contracts, I'm

Speaker 1  37:54
Oh, do we not have due date checked? No due date. We should bring that in, because every single time that's going to give us a cross reference to what we're reference to what we're actually showing due date and RTO due date.

Matthias Miller  38:17
Okay, so this would be,

Speaker 1  38:30
do we, do we have the CSV file from the table? I really want to look at model, serial number and description, because that I'm kind of kind of feeling like we're going to be bringing up a bunch of blank fields that we could probably, I don't know that we need to bring All of the model serial number and disorder. Sure. I

Matthias Miller  39:12
I mean, we do have some with three. I mean, why wouldn't we just bring them all in? Okay, how do you have multiple buildings in the same contract?

Unknown Speaker  39:34
I don't know,

Matthias Miller  39:35
or should I not be asking that question.

Unknown Speaker  39:40
Do we have anything that any with more than three? Not

Matthias Miller  39:43
necessarily, but if we have to handle three, then why not just handle five or six and not worry about some company coming along that had six?

Unknown Speaker  39:52
Okay, you make a fair point.

Matthias Miller  39:54
Thank you. That's that's basically why I got in trouble in school, and why. Got paid. Get paid to do a do, drink,

Speaker 1  40:07
yeah, and I think anytime you have a anytime you have a model two or model three, you're gonna have a serial two or serial three, and you're definitely gonna have a description two or description three. And so, yeah, let's just bring it all in that's valuable, that's that's yeah,

Matthias Miller  40:25
doesn't that mean Yeah? Let's

Speaker 1  40:30
just bring, let's just bring everything from the contracts, and let's Yeah, let's do it.

Unknown Speaker  40:45
What's a knob?

Matthias Miller  40:50
No BB. I don't know what the BB is, but I

Matthias Miller  41:12
it's so hard to read this these things.

Matthias Miller  41:25
Eight string. These should probably be actually friend type should be a list. We're

Matthias Miller  41:40
going to make it a string for now.

Matthias Miller  41:50
All right, let me here. We got date, date 22222, string, zero, string. The whole way through. Date zero, date two, two, date date 004, date date date 002022, string, string, date String, String, zero. String, date 000, string, all right. Sean,

Matthias Miller  42:46
oh, you stinker root, why would you put spaces

Matthias Miller  42:57
in these names? Like, seriously, what are you thinking?

Unknown Speaker  43:06
Are you talking to yourself? Are you talking about RTO Pro?

Matthias Miller  43:10
RTO Pro, okay.

Speaker 1  43:15
Oh, what I heard the I heard the best representation of RTO pro today.

Unknown Speaker  43:23
What's that collection of spreadsheets? They say like it's a bad thing,

Speaker 1  43:35
yeah. But essentially, every piece of software is just a collection of spreadsheets.

Matthias Miller  43:41
Some are just more sophisticated, sophisticated than others. No.

Speaker 1  43:47
What's more sophisticated than others is their ability to organize name and calculate between them. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  44:16
I love how we have club memberships in here.

Speaker 1  44:21
I Yeah, the potential exists that somebody in some RTO instance is using that for something or other.

Matthias Miller  44:34
All right, so we really should start, let's start working on inventory. Then, okay,

Speaker 1  44:44
probably the you already did the customer. So the three main records, well, the four main records, I think, is going to be extremely valuable to chase after, which would be customers, contracts, inventory history. Me, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  45:00
Too. We have this fancy thing we got to run so we got customers. Well, we did customers. We're going to do dealers. That Not you. You do dealers and rental reps. What do you say? Should we just run it and see if it works? Maybe we should see what it's going to do. Yeah, that might be good. Rental company is a required field, all right, that's fine. Let's fix the rental company. Rental company,

Unknown Speaker  45:33
well, the store number mapping, right? We're

Matthias Miller  45:37
trying to so why are we not?

Matthias Miller  45:48
We have a store of negative one.

Matthias Miller  45:54
Who in the Who in the world is negative one. We don't have a store on these guys. Are you serious? Do you do you see it in RTO Pro, where it's linked to a store somehow? Or is it like universal? Does star meet store? Does that mean universal?

Unknown Speaker  46:15
What's the table name for

Matthias Miller  46:17
dealer? Dealer, dealer. I think.

Speaker 1  46:23
That's not what he calls it. What does he call it? I'm an RTO Pro, so don't, don't, don't, don't take what I'm saying. I'm gonna try applications.

Speaker 1  47:31
Wait, do you have, oh, goodness, do you still have this tape? You still have this thing sorted, don't you the scammer? How do you say that? Shema, scammer? What is this schema? Schema you have, like a steamer schemer? How do you unsort This thing? You've got it sorted? Something's goofy.

Matthias Miller  47:54
Go to the other tab. Go to the I don't know. Where are you at?

Unknown Speaker  48:00
Never mind, I'm good.

Unknown Speaker  48:08
Dealer table okay, dealer table ID, we brought in everything. So if it's if it's not, why would

Speaker 1  48:23
okay. How about Kim? Can I just tell you? Oh, that's gonna be really inconvenient, isn't it? How about, how about this? How about you assign them to all to Dwayne's. RT, awesome. RTO company, and I'll go manually move them all. There's not that many, right? How many are okay? And you

Matthias Miller  48:40
want to, how do you want to handle this long term? This

Speaker 1  48:44
long term, long term you're, when you're manually entering the oh, oh, you're, oh, I mean, they have some of them defined in there as two. Everything else is negative one.

Matthias Miller  48:59
Well, I'm not seeing anything in there. What am I missing? Am I I didn't think I was seeing any of them.

Unknown Speaker  49:18
Oh, you are correct?

Matthias Miller  49:23
No, there are some. Is two,

Unknown Speaker  49:27
yeah, store table So, and there's five, so there are some.

Matthias Miller  49:31
Okay, but let's go check something negative.

Speaker 1  49:34
One is though, actually, if you, if I can see some of the negative one, I can tell you what they were from.

Matthias Miller  49:41
Hang on, I wrote a check something first before I get completely lost.

Unknown Speaker  49:45
Too late, you're completely lost.

Matthias Miller  49:48
Central server two is cricket Valley. So why is it not looking that up? There's a bug in the report. So let's go.

Speaker 1  50:00
Dealer. Wait, we could define, if we go and put all the proper ID numbers on the rental companies, then we should be able to this. Should we should be able to? No, that's not true. Never mind. Ignore me. Oh, ignore you.

Matthias Miller  50:20
Oh, he replaced this. Okay, that's why. So let's go import rental companies. First rental fine. Do

Matthias Miller  50:35
you always want to import new rental companies, or do you only want to do ones that exist? You want to have people to create the first before we import

Unknown Speaker  50:49
them? Oh, why wouldn't we import them?

Matthias Miller  50:55
I'm fine. I'm happy, if you're happy, yeah. So we have see,

Speaker 1  51:07
this is the kind of stuff I'm a little bit afraid of working with someone outside of your knowledge you have. Are we going to, are we going to, am I going to get royally stuck with Nick? I don't know.

Matthias Miller  51:24
RP, source, central server, central server, central server,

Matthias Miller  51:52
a flat file, flat

Matthias Miller  52:03
screen report, save favorites, add favorites. New File, Import. We're going to create contacts from a report, and we're going to pull it in from here. Pull in the column label and we're going to pull in the All right, Here's where it gets fun.

Matthias Miller  52:37
Contact Type. We have contact

Matthias Miller  53:32
Well, let's do

Matthias Miller  53:45
you stinker, I hate how you do that.

Matthias Miller  53:57
Okay? Problem is,

Matthias Miller  54:13
it's fine.

Matthias Miller  54:40
Don't think you create an index. Did.

Matthias Miller  55:05
There's one booger in the field name.

Matthias Miller  55:19
Fine be that way. All right, so it's gonna want to create new ones, because these aren't tied out. So let's go.

Matthias Miller  55:33
I did not want to put it there. Joker,

Matthias Miller  55:50
yeah, sure you can, but you also don't want to take me over to where I need to be. Do you rental companies? I Yeah, well, let's just run it. It'll create a bunch of new ones. Okay, so actually, it won't, um,

Matthias Miller  56:26
what am I missing? Customer, dealer, manufacturer, manufacturer, rental rep, sales tax vendor, why can I not create a

Unknown Speaker  56:38
contact type, rental company?

Matthias Miller  56:40
Yeah, yeah, which is that? Why is it not in the list?

Unknown Speaker  56:48
It's an organization. Does that make any difference? Do I

Matthias Miller  56:53
have to flip it to an organization? No,

Matthias Miller  57:12
contact type. Let's

Matthias Miller  57:18
try To say contact primary types.

Matthias Miller  57:50
Let's try this. Let's try setting it. I'm

Matthias Miller  58:27
What is your problem? I'm

Unknown Speaker  58:33
gonna run the bats real quick. Have a good dog.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:09
Name cannot be empty. It's not empty. It's

Matthias Miller  1:00:24
Oh, stinker.

Unknown Speaker  1:00:27
Did I walk in? It just the right time. No

Matthias Miller  1:00:32
contact, Yeah, by some definition, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  1:01:12
Very fine. You don't like me, then I'll do it my way.

Unknown Speaker  1:01:20
You make these things entertaining, you know that?

Matthias Miller  1:01:35
I think I'll get wait. Here's what I

Speaker 1  1:01:37
think we need to do for for in the future, we need to upload a bunch of these design type things onto like YouTube, and I'll just narrate over top of what was happening. Turn off all the audio so they can't hear what we're talking about. But just narrate there is something fascinating and fun watching you work.

Matthias Miller  1:01:57
That's I find that slightly odd, but cool. I would actually do that with my older brother, a lot like Ellis. I mean, that was, that was how we learned how to program you just watch

Unknown Speaker  1:02:20
him. He's like, weird flex bro, but okay, yeah, exactly.

Matthias Miller  1:02:28
I was joking about the, how was your day at work? You know, conversations, how was your day work? I got a compliment. How fun it is to watch for people to watch me work. I don't understand why

Matthias Miller  1:02:51
I feel like I'm just completely losing my mind here. Why is this not why is contact name not getting set I

Matthias Miller  1:03:13
unrecognized column type, the contact primary type can't be in there, that's why. Okay, well, let's refresh.

Matthias Miller  1:03:37
I still just don't get it.

Matthias Miller  1:03:44
It actually contact name

Unknown Speaker  1:03:48
is empty. Wait, this is not that. Oh, never mind, never mind. I feel like I'm

Matthias Miller  1:04:00
missing something just incredibly stupidly obvious,

Matthias Miller  1:04:14
like I can't even import that one. I

Matthias Miller  1:04:31
show this

Matthias Miller  1:04:38
contact. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:04:50
me find gracious people.

Matthias Miller  1:05:12
So what do you want to use for damage waiver? Abbreviation? Is there anything like that in dwf? Always forever.

Speaker 1  1:05:26
No, it wouldn't be always in forever. Well, no, okay, is this? Is it? Is this required as part of the record creation? Yeah, okay. But I mean, you could make this as you could make it an ass prompt on the import. Couldn't you be good? Yeah, yeah, for future. I think that would be the right thing to do, because we don't know, we don't know how they're going to import their company.

Matthias Miller  1:05:53
But it's not like a setting somewhere

Unknown Speaker  1:05:57
in RTO Pro, I think it is. Well, where is it? It's in setting somewhere.

Speaker 1  1:06:16
No no, no, no, no, Main Menu, Setup menu, no, no, no, no, okay, yeah, contracts mean

Matthias Miller  1:06:29
it's somewhere in here, Probably. Group Name two.

Matthias Miller  1:06:41
Do you guys use Damage Waiver fee in there? Yeah. I mean, it's not this guy, is it? Yeah, group name four.

Speaker 1  1:06:56
Do what you say. Group Name four, group name for what

Matthias Miller  1:07:04
in the in the setting name. I

Unknown Speaker  1:07:11
mean, that looks right. Oh, sorry, you're as

Matthias Miller  1:07:18
sorry. Are you not seeing?

Speaker 1  1:07:20
What are you did? I can't. All I'm seeing is your ask prompt. Is that what you're asking?

Matthias Miller  1:07:24
All right, no, that's not what I'm here. Let me. Let me pull this guy up. That's why

Unknown Speaker  1:07:27
I'm so confused. I'm like, What are you saying?

Matthias Miller  1:07:31
Dashboard, cockpit, believe it, dashboards, just cockpits. We don't have the init table, but it seems like it'd be useful. Let me share my

Matthias Miller  1:07:52
like we have this guy here.

Matthias Miller  1:08:00
Where was that? This guy? No, oh, wait, this is, this is the six, the store name, okay, there's group numbers, group name, 123456, and there's a dwf thing. That's a setting there. How does that correlate? Is the sixes, last agent, integrity, integrity structures. Let's go back into the central server. Six should be integrity. Yes, it's, it's group name, Tilda, store ID, and then you get the value, and that's dwf,

Unknown Speaker  1:08:41
okay. I presume you're correct.

Matthias Miller  1:08:46
I'm pretty sure I am okay, but we need the init table, which might have sensitive data in it. Okay, maybe we should just do I thank you for being a good customer. We have SMS, Sid and auth. We have clearance keys. That's why we didn't pull it

Speaker 1  1:09:17
in. Can you? Can you do? Can you do a Control F in there. Just type in dwf in that, yeah,

Matthias Miller  1:09:24
yeah, yeah, that's what it is.

Speaker 1  1:09:27
Yeah. Was it group? It was a group four.

Matthias Miller  1:09:32
There's a 456, it's by store ID, 2456,

Unknown Speaker  1:09:38
I think it's tabs in the in the in the settings, you know, 1-234-567-8910, 11? Is there 12 groups?

Matthias Miller  1:09:46
No, there's 24560, story. D, okay, do.

Matthias Miller  1:10:01
All right? Well, there's two ways we could do it. Number one, but we can create the table and have the export only export certain settings so that we don't get anything we don't want. We could have it exclude certain things, like anything with the word key in it, key sit or auth.

Matthias Miller  1:10:32
But it seems to me like settings could be tremendously useful for the sake of

Unknown Speaker  1:10:36
Yeah, it would be, well, okay, but I mean, all of that, all of that,

Speaker 1  1:10:50
like, all of that, all that information is, is like, literally in the tables, in RTO Pro, so it's like, it's all there you can so why Not just yank it in stuff, it in a file,

Matthias Miller  1:11:03
even if you've got keys and stuff in there. Well,

Speaker 1  1:11:06
I mean, that's what I'm saying, that those are available in here, in the in the

Matthias Miller  1:11:12
settings, yeah, okay, fine. Be that way, the clear

Speaker 1  1:11:16
keys in here, all of that's in here. Listen, looking at the hosted payments key clearing, HPP, blah, blah, blah public it's like a bunch of pile of big, long, pile of gibberish.

Matthias Miller  1:11:27
You want to sleep with your door open at night. That's fine, do it? Yeah?

Speaker 1  1:11:32
But I mean, I mean at the end of the day, I don't think they're we're bringing in anything that that's not currently visible in the software. Sure, all right. I mean, these, these, I do think these data tables need to be at a record restriction level in the future. All

Matthias Miller  1:11:54
right, so this guy is String, String and number. Okay.

Speaker 1  1:12:02
I mean, because, good gracious, it'd be nice to know that some of that SMS, like auth ID and so on and so forth, if we can figure out who the provider was, we might be able to hook it right back up.

Matthias Miller  1:12:19
Okay, so now we're going to, here's what we're going to do, instead of an Ask prompt, we're

Unknown Speaker  1:12:25
going to go Yank in the data. You know,

Matthias Miller  1:12:28
what happens when you use a multi line, a large multi line ask prompt?

Unknown Speaker  1:12:34
No, what

Matthias Miller  1:12:36
we end up with a with a big ask prompt.

Speaker 1  1:12:41
Hey, listen, I was learning about electricity today, today. Okay, I was shocked at how much I didn't know there are these. There are these guys on social media that they're always sitting in, like lawn chairs on a dime, like, you know, dude, their dad jokes are just crack me up.

Matthias Miller  1:13:08
Okay, we're gonna do this is gonna be a

Matthias Miller  1:13:23
Okay, so that's the that's not the organization name. We should probably do something like the contact damage, contact Damage Waiver, abbreviation, then we abbreviate abbreviation, because why wouldn't we? And then the short code? Is there a short code in the settings?

Speaker 1  1:13:46
No, I don't think we have short codes for, do we No, I don't think we have short codes for in the settings, for these, for these companies.

Matthias Miller  1:13:57
Can we just grab all cap characters out? Is

Speaker 1  1:14:00
it required? Yeah, yeah, all cap characters would just be pretty nice. That'd be about right on. But we're limited to four, aren't we?

Matthias Miller  1:14:14
Are we? I don't know No, because we had stupid jokes about Dwayne's

Speaker 1  1:14:18
short, yes, yes, five foot two. Yes, yes, five foot two. Hey, hi guys,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:28
hi guys. Matthias and I are whizzing up a whole bunch more work for you.

Speaker 3  1:14:36
Sean, fantastic, yeah. Hey, I already got started on the new contract field. So yeah, I'll try to get those as soon as possible. Sweet.

Matthias Miller  1:14:52
All right, reading on Jonathan yet. So if you had to write a macro to extract all caps characters from a string, how would you go back? Doing it.

Speaker 1  1:15:00
Oh, I thought you were going to tell you. I thought you're going to tell me your long I thought you're going to tell the long ask prompt. Joke again,

Matthias Miller  1:15:09
exactly. You have a multi, multi Lane, the big multi line ask from it ends up being a big ask prompt. The that's your terrible, horrible humor for the day.

Speaker 1  1:15:31
I also made a joke as I'm sitting here just kind of watching Matthias work through his inputting whenever he needs input, and said, I think we're going to upload a bunch of this stuff to either YouTube or Twitch and just like, narrate over top of it someday, and just it will make millions of dollars just watching Matthias work.

Matthias Miller  1:15:50
You said it was fascinating. I was like, I was like, wait till he came home from from work. My wife's like, how was your day? Yeah, and I got a compliment. It's really fun to watch you work. I'm not sure how to take that.

Unknown Speaker  1:16:07
I love work. I could watch it all day, right?

Matthias Miller  1:16:13
Good times, all right. Well, I uh,

Speaker 1  1:16:24
I want to kick this off. Listen, we are in a really cool stage right now, really, really stinking cool. I know I'm we're driving Matthias absolutely bonkers, but we are in data migration. That's awesome,

Speaker 2  1:16:40
yes, thanks to a lot of legwork from Sean and now Matthias and then Nick soon,

Speaker 1  1:16:45
we are in data migration, which means that, well, first off, digging through some of the data files coming out of RTO pro, you learn all kinds of fun, interesting stuff in there. And then, second of all, it's like, this is, this is really a point in time we were, we were, you know, we have actually found a point in time we were looking for data migration. Yep. So there's, there's my pep talk for the day, nice.

Speaker 2  1:17:14
Which means there's also hope that there will be a point in time where we go live better be some

Unknown Speaker  1:17:22
payoffs for this. We didn't just do this for fun. Dwayne's.

Matthias Miller  1:17:28
Dwayne's in this impossible spot right now that he could either say goodbye to all the money he spent, or he could push forward and actually get some of it back.

Speaker 1  1:17:36
So if I wanted to pay money and hang out with people, I could find we don't know that I would have picked you guys. No,

Matthias Miller  1:17:48
I can't say I blame you. Oh, man, all right, well, I don't know. Go for it guy. I don't know. I have very little. I'll say this. I very little, very little, amazing, interesting things to share. We can give an update. Let me. Let me give an update. Sorry, my brains in the wrong space. I'm trying to figure out how to extract the whipping up a macro extract capital letters from Mr. Title case drink, so a raise. Are awesome. The we had a call with Justin started going through the new customer portal, and then Woodland Park got hit with high winds rushing through the passes, and he lost power, and we rescheduled for Tuesday. So but it was very fun to start seeing that come to life. And Jonathan, sounds like you've got some updates on that as well. The Dwayne and I went through. We split January into three parts, early, mid, late. So that felt really good. And so tentative plans are for recurrent plans, I think, do I interview to come out to Colorado for a couple days in January, and we do all that focus in and try to get yet another sprint full of stuff done or designed, probably, hopefully, hopefully tearing pretty deep into the Go Live requirements. So that's and, and then, like Dwayne said, like, knee deep into, into this migration. It's, it is still a lot of work, but it's really cool to have such a modular, like, it's such a decoupled like, we can, Sean can add the fields, and my script will automatically pick it up and push it in, and, and, and then we can write x 30s that translate that, and we can, you know, get it pushed to the database. And it's a lot of wiring, but it's, it's nicely, it's not, it's a lot of wiring, but. Not throw away so that that feels good. So I'm going to be we'll have to talk about schedule. At some point. I'm going to be out of the office starting, for sure, the 24th maybe part of the 23rd and we'll be back until January 2. So I think Seth is in the know and what needs to happen on develop, on the development front and and Nick got either coerced or volunteered or accepted something, to go down the rabbit hole with Dwayne and see if he can help move, continue to move migration along during that time period. So that's kind of where things are at, in a nutshell, right here,

Speaker 2  1:20:54
our side. I Well, I'm now in Pennsylvania, so the last I was out Monday and working from here the last few days. So feel like I've done a little less this week, but I did a bit of work on premium calculations, got those done, largely been specking and looked at my time breakdown for the weekend. It's basically been delegating and specking, and then I've started putting the framework in place for applying NSF. So getting close to that post ish, I think. And then I'll let nick or Sean create the fancier reports and imports that users will actually want to use. But I'll, I'll have a framework in place for that. Um, yeah. And we're getting, we had a few more items Pop Up for December. I think there's a couple s3 things that Sean knock out, and he's been doing a ton of work on the just continuing work on the migration side. Other than that, I think the NSF stuff and some CRA calc wrap up are what I have on my plate, and then hoping that we've made a bit of progress on January stuff already, but hoping to keep making progress there. So

Speaker 4  1:22:23
well, I did just a little bit to flesh out the resale buyback section for the product record. Basically didn't have anything there, so growing on a few fields and macros and report links, and then started building on, building the functionality for forgiving fees is good. I just got a div input from Seth, now that y'all figured out what you actually want to do with with tax for forgiveness. So I think the highlight of my week, of my work week, was definitely creating a next 30 to create forgiveness events. But that's that's called indulgences.

Speaker 2  1:23:10
There are a few rows I saw you all had fun with, like joining Matthias when you're importing data, there's definitely some forgiveness reasons of indulgence. I

Speaker 5  1:23:26
Oh, there we go. I'm frantically trying to get a thing demoable. I had the I had the logo and theme colors coming from rental companies in the portal, but it just broke, and now it's only logo. So it was working for a few minutes, but I starting on the starting to just fill in the basic structure for the customer portal. He hasn't. I haven't seen the actual mock up file yet, so I haven't really gotten into the nitty gritty of it, but now, kind of knowing the basic UI ideas, hopefully do quite a bit of legwork for that. I don't know if you guys saw on the Slack channel that we have, but I was asking them about auto pay and how we do multiple transactions. Got an answer there, we just do 10 per second, and then we should be good. But they don't have a way to say, hey, here are 50 transactions I want you to do. We just have to handle the, handle the, you know, iterations on our side, which is fine, but yeah, so I know,

Matthias Miller  1:24:44
do they have throttling headers

Speaker 5  1:24:48
like, I don't know what you mean by that, but if they, if they deny access, then in the in this, they give you a header saying how long you're supposed to wait till. You retry, perfect.

Speaker 1  1:25:02
So today you have to batch them in groups of 10, and what once those 10 process, then you can do another 10.

Speaker 5  1:25:10
Well, I think the way it works is we just have to time it on our end so that we're sending one every 100 milliseconds or something, gotcha. And then that's fine, yeah, I don't expect to run more than what a couple 100 auto pays per night. That sound.

Speaker 1  1:25:33
I mean, depends. Well, I mean, if you have a company of 12,000 contracts that the potential exists that you might be running, you know, a couple 1000 potentially. But I mean it from what I'm understanding from what you're saying, it's, it's, it literally the time bracket that it takes to process through those just lengthens. You just have to time them out.

Speaker 5  1:25:51
Yeah, yeah. And so it's the trade off of, do we want this to be sitting here chugging for a minute, or do we want to have a slightly higher risk of it timing us out for some reason. And, you know, we can, we can handle that. But I mean,

Speaker 1  1:26:09
essentially, what you're probably going to end up doing is what running it like one or two o'clock or midnight or something like that, overnight when nobody's really in the system, or, you know, everything seems to slow down.

Speaker 5  1:26:19
Yeah, that's probably fine, just error on the slower side. So, yeah, that's what I've been doing. Next week. I should have something more fun to show but for now, it's I can show you lots of files if you want to see that. So

Speaker 3  1:26:45
yeah, yeah, my work has been consisting mostly of doing well, it's been consistent, consisting mostly of migration work, migration jobs, moving over data from RTO Pro to only today I finished a couple of imports to move over data for rental reps and dealers. It still needs to be reviewed, I think, before it can be used, but it is in the test system, so once that gets the thumbs up and yeah, that can that can be used, yeah, aside from that smaller jobs, it's been a bunch of Yeah, random things, but things like adding a link to the bills so that you can a link to the product record, so you can go look at that, adding validation to auto pay on the contracts. So that's not a date that you don't set, a date that's too far in the future. Yeah? So stuff, stuff like that. As far as future work goes, Yeah, as Seth said, I have some jobs here in my queue to add support for s3 attachments and contracts and contact records. And yeah. And, as Matthias is saying, too. Oh, and Dwayne, there's more fields to add for imports. And I think another new Import to add, so I'll also be working on that.

Matthias Miller  1:28:15
All right, Dwayne any Well, I guess recap. Next major milestone is getting read only, getting a read only replica of RTO Pro. So that's bottlenecked on Dwayne and me and Nick a little bit on Sean as we tell him what we're missing and but we are charging ahead into January. So from a from, apart from the migration hiccups, we are two weeks ahead of schedule. Obviously, Christmas is going to throw that for week and a half. Christmas is going to throw that off, but it's good to be be where we're at. You. Anything else between any comments, anything,

Speaker 1  1:29:10
yeah, I had my first conversation today with the shag geek podcast, and talking about when we're going to start talking to the market some so I was just kind of giving them an overview of what we're what we're doing, and to see people's eyes light up that that are in the industry that get it, and it's A lot of fun just to see people's reaction. I think I also talked somebody out of using the software this week as well. So that's that's always fun, but it's like, when you're going to have a rental company with about 100 contracts, I don't think you're our target market at all. So, um. I'll be, you can come be a management client, and then you just get the software for free as, like, that's the best way. But, yeah, using using only, I feel like there's a bit of a barrier to entry for where we're for where we're going here. So, but yeah, to talk with the shed geek guys and really talk about, you know, where we're headed with this, to to really see people's eyes light up when they understand the ability from a financial side, to be able to evaluate the entire portfolio and be able to subset that down to dealers, sales reps, etc, is just really, really cool. Because, I mean, there's no nobody has this in the industry. We're gonna be able to do stuff that nobody else can do. And so it's just it was, it was a super fun conversation to our conversation, like we talked for two hours. So I'm super excited to to kind of start a pathway to start talking to the market and the other, the other thing that was really, really funny this week I had was I was having a chat conversation with an individual that I think I'll eventually get him over to. The idea to of using our software that he wrote. They run a large management company, but I don't know, 14 or 18 rent to own companies that they manage. And he was asking timeframe, and I said, Well, I said, our target is, you know, spring for coming to market. And he had the audacity to say, well, when, when software people give me a timeframe? You can usually add six to nine months. And I'm just like, yeah, you have no idea. Like, we started in July, and we're in the middle of migration and whatever. I'm just gonna leave that comment alone, but it was a little ticked me off, just a little bit, because it's like, yeah, you have no idea what we've been doing. And it's just yeah six if we miss our targets by six to nine months, we're going to have very different conversations on these calls.

Matthias Miller  1:32:13
I want to highlight something that's easy to take for granted, mostly because most of us don't go around yapping whatever like all the stuff that posturing and all this stuff, but I think it's evidence that all of us have the opportunity to be working in a very Easily top 10% top 5% software company. And so it's just enjoy that and a little dovetail. This is not, this is tangential to to Dwayne's comment, but it's relative. We have, I just realized this morning that we have an example of clients outside of this who, dollar for dollar, has spent exactly the same amount, or pretty close to the same amount, on on business software. And there's one company that's, they're, they're, you know, hitting momentum, assist, hitting momentum, getting stuff done, accounting tied out all this other kinds of stuff. Another company spent exactly the same amount of money, and they have so much emotional attachment to what they have that and isn't working, and that they're struggling to struggling to know what to do. And so the level of I just want to emphasize the track record of showing up, executing, getting stuff done, getting software built out the door and maintainable, is a discipline that's shockingly rare in the software industry, and it's part of what it's part of, that top five to 10% factor. So it's fun to work with awesome people like Dwayne. It's fun to work with awesome doves, like you guys and and just all around it's it's a great situation to be in.

Speaker 1  1:34:09
I will give 100% resounding absolutely awesome. This 100 I agree with that 100% I'm spoiled. I recognize that. I don't know if, if I had to plot along at what I have heard other people build software rate as I we would just stop it. Would, wouldn't. We wouldn't do this project. I, I don't have that kind of tenacity to go three, four years building something of this level. But like, like, if we truly, if we truly were going to try to build this at what other people build this, we'd be four or five, six years in development to come out with what we're going to come out with, and we're going to do it in a year, less than a year. That's that's pretty cool. That's pretty cool. So if you're feeling lonely and bored at night, just. Just hear that compliment and know that we're doing awesome stuff.

Matthias Miller  1:35:08
All right, know that Dwayne appreciates you. He's probably not thinking about you at the moment, but he does appreciate you, good, awesome. Well, next, next call is going to be, is going to be the new year. I suspect you guys have other plans for Christmas and New Year's. Love you dearly. So see you on the eighth check in with Seth, if you get, if you guys need anything, I will be out of the office, but probably too available on signal. So I'll, I'll, I'll be around so.

Speaker 1  1:35:41
And if you haven't been in in zfp, I wish you a merry Christmas. Otherwise you would have saw it over there yesterday. It was so much fun.

Speaker 2  1:35:55
I thought I was copying the test system every time I opened the live system. And now the people are and now change to some sort of

Unknown Speaker  1:36:05
yellow. So, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:36:07
whoever gave Aaron Bowman the information on that should have their their Patty smacked.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:13
Oh, Nick. It's

Speaker 1  1:36:19
funny not to name names. Good times, good times.

Matthias Miller  1:36:27
Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. Guys, a Merry Christmas.

Speaker 4  1:36:32
It Matthias, do you want me to stick around? Is now a good time to do the introduction to the whole I got situation so yeah, but now works for me.

Matthias Miller  1:36:43
If that works, let's just, let's just do it. Dwayne, another fun thing on the rental company stuff is that migrating depreciation types, depreciation definitions, or we need them currently, so we could lose some validation and not require them on rental companies. But anyway, there you go. All right, so I created a view RP source cockpit. RP source being the let's not talk about, let's not name them directly. You can highlight three tables, and if all goes well, it'll show you those three tables. So that's useful. If you want to look at source data. We do have the schema here. You can get the original CSVs from Wait, not the source CSVs, let me, I have the Full on everything CSV,

Unknown Speaker  1:37:51
let me get you that I

Matthias Miller  1:38:21
there error, I'll send that. Easiest way is probably through the investor tools zoom after I'm gonna have to switch over and send it or something. So then we have, we're working on rental reps right now. Okay, a few, a few things to note. Basic model that I've been using has been level subtype, so which we also have to handle for RGS. So we've been working on rental companies. I have been just doing, I've been doing field name and validated code name with the destination. Just to make it easy, if you save it as a flat file and enable the setting to add the column heading to flat file, save the report and then switch it back to screen report. Then you can keep it as a screen report, which makes it really nice to pop back and forth to make changes. But for the x 30 to pick it up, it has to have that setting set has to

Speaker 4  1:39:37
be, wait, what? Sorry, what was the setting I was discriminating by my screen getting out. Oh, good,

Unknown Speaker  1:39:45
it'll do it. You working it too hard?

Matthias Miller  1:39:48
Nick, yeah, I guess here I'll send this over. This guy.

Unknown Speaker  1:39:57
Oh, sure. Then, yeah, then

Matthias Miller  1:39:59
you just. Can do back to screen report in the settings there, and it works, and then just automatically import fields not specified. We do need a let me drop this in signal. I missed it, but we do. We have an index for i We don't have an index on this. That's not a huge deal, but we'll just just using number, sort, string on a match value.

Matthias Miller  1:40:37
Anyway, it's the, probably the biggest, I mean, the biggest weird thing is going to be cross record linking, like dwf. This dwf will eventually come out of a settings table. I

Matthias Miller  1:41:07
um, you really should, I wonder if we could do this temporarily, if we would do I just love the

Unknown Speaker  1:41:19
business.

Matthias Miller  1:41:26
You have a bunch of stuff in here already that's

Matthias Miller  1:41:43
not editable, contact, print, rate, Type, actually, let's do this well.

Matthias Miller  1:42:01
Your code has modified. Let's do this also fail on years. We need to get these. We originally imported these without the linking IDs.

Matthias Miller  1:42:20
So I'm going to run this, run this, to get the linking IDs in there, and then let's go change it back to match on this guy.

Unknown Speaker  1:42:42
All right,

Matthias Miller  1:42:49
okay, Dwayne or I don't know, I don't know who should Nick, maybe we should make a note. We hand created these. So there's some settings down the road when it comes to importing rental companies, we're going to run into issues. But, yeah, I don't know that we need to deal with that. So then in the dealer's side, we're running into issues with dealers.

Matthias Miller  1:43:21
So let's go changes. This can now go back to screen report, so now we should see rental company for No, we don't. Rental company is not okay. The weird thing about rental company is that it's in the Central Server table. Okay, everything in RTO Pro is linked by store ID, which is in the Central Server table. So there's supposed to be a macro here that's not working. Not, you, not you.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:03
Matthias, you need you probably don't need me to hang around,

Matthias Miller  1:44:06
do you? I don't need you to hang around. All right, guys, thank you. Yep, thanks. So here we try to get the rental company for store, which is not working, so I'm going to pull this open in a new tab and let's see what's going on. I know that store two

Speaker 4  1:44:22
you have multiple servers linked to the same store, no

Matthias Miller  1:44:30
silver limb ID by central server index Find field central server if we import the wrong thing in there, I wonder if we did. Yeah, we did.

Unknown Speaker  1:44:58
That's the store ID. I.

Matthias Miller  1:45:08
Let's This is the obnoxious thing. Deletes the I try to copy it out first, but I

Matthias Miller  1:45:24
Okay, so there's that,

Matthias Miller  1:45:34
let's go back into our

Matthias Miller  1:45:41
rental companies. Temporarily change this to match when organization name again we're

Unknown Speaker  1:46:03
Yeah, should be number sorts. String

Matthias Miller  1:46:31
discussion come out so it imports, actually we do have an index. I

Matthias Miller  1:46:48
accommodate my central server.

Matthias Miller  1:47:00
Okay, so now, when we go back over to dealers, we should see, okay, so for some reason, I don't know how we want to handle this, but some of these have, if you go into this record, you'll see that the store is, get that one's right, the store is negative one. So we might need to loosen validation on dealers to allow us to, well, either, I don't know how we want to do it, but maybe, maybe to allow us to have a blank rental company for dealers in import, and

Unknown Speaker  1:47:53
maybe just be manually linked, manually linked, or,

Matthias Miller  1:47:58
or we could potentially just exclude the ones that aren't linked to a Okay, let's, let's check this out. Just a little bit. Dealer, name two point, new house. See, these are heritage. That's cricket Valley. Yeah. I would think that's maybe the best way to do it. So it looks like some of these are not unless all of these are hang on gold mine that looks like cricket Valley, shed, rentals, Hampton, go, all of these look like cricket Valley. I

Matthias Miller  1:49:10
ah, let's do this.

Matthias Miller  1:50:17
Right? So we could potentially infer them, if a dealer is you have a

Matthias Miller  1:50:48
inventory. This is kind of a store, so inventory or A contract, uh, a

Matthias Miller  1:51:18
even that wouldn't be terrible.

Unknown Speaker  1:51:20
If you would do

Matthias Miller  1:51:33
something like this, I

Matthias Miller  1:51:48
content, if you would do something like a new model,

Matthias Miller  1:51:58
type list, model where this is a string, con, RP, source, data, contracts, store, I store, which would be the store ID. I mean, you could just do it on All, it doesn't matter, dealer ID. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:52:23
bloke,

Matthias Miller  1:52:44
let's do this.

Matthias Miller  1:53:00
You

Unknown Speaker  1:53:08
do not my store. Let me grouping by

Matthias Miller  1:53:15
Miller ID, yes, thank you. I

Matthias Miller  1:53:33
This is an RV source. I'm

Unknown Speaker  1:53:43
okay, you

Matthias Miller  1:54:13
leave that Nope. Let's see what this is giving us. I'm

Matthias Miller  1:54:23
four, oh, because it's not i na, it's negative. So it's

Matthias Miller  1:54:57
Oh, it's really just this.

Matthias Miller  1:55:14
That gets us those. It doesn't get us places, where

Matthias Miller  1:55:36
where It shows up multiple times. I think

Matthias Miller  1:56:15
okay, so then, okay, the next thing we do need this guy. So it's or not this guy, but we do need this guy by looks droides by This is, I

Matthias Miller  1:56:30
should do this.

Matthias Miller  1:56:39
Speed load inventory,

Matthias Miller  1:56:47
I am really taking you down the weeds, but Dwayne will help you. Can help you find where stuff actually lives and inventory, and if you just hit a wall, then feel free to ping me, or table it, or, I don't know what, yeah, so

Speaker 4  1:57:12
my basic rule just to write imports, is it or import report pairs? Is it? Wayne says, Okay, here's our source file. Here's what I want you to import, and then I'm supposed to ID, import and report from that, or what, exactly,

Matthias Miller  1:57:28
yeah, so that's a great point, great question. So basically, what we get that list of all imports needed, I think we need. I think we have

Matthias Miller  1:57:47
likely one for all for each contact type, we'll need to import products from the RP stores inventory table and contracts are partially done, and then contract event, RGS, I'm

Matthias Miller  1:58:26
payment records,

Matthias Miller  1:58:39
invoices for What would be the Matthias

Matthias Miller  1:58:56
bills for

Matthias Miller  1:59:14
Hmm, so sales rep, I don't know if we'll bother. Sales Reps aren't fielded very well, so it seems likely that we don't really need to.

Matthias Miller  1:59:38
This is the table for Sean goodness. Well, we don't have dealer, right, so let's do this.

Matthias Miller  1:59:56
This is actually right. Three.

Matthias Miller  2:00:38
I I think on this one, what We're gonna end up needing to do is

Matthias Miller  2:01:49
well, I Guess we could do we could do this for now.

Matthias Miller  2:02:04
Hmm, I don't know it's stuff like that, of like figuring out, like, obviously, if, if this thing's not used, we can exclude any of those guys. But I very likely will end up needing to, needing to create multiple dealers per RTO company. And if we do that, yeah, we'll then need to key them off of not just the silver limb ID, but also silver limb id plus, I guess

Matthias Miller  2:02:42
I don't know RTO company in some capacity. Yeah, I mean that would, that's, I guess that's what would make sense.

Speaker 4  2:02:52
So the essential long term goal is that we're going to have one per historical contract record or dealer record, or we're going to have an underlying imported record and everything synced across from there, correct?

Matthias Miller  2:03:08
Yeah, okay. And it's challenges, because I don't know, like, I feel like some of this stuff you can probably push through events probably going to get pretty complicated. I might just exactly that's like and you know that's to be expected.

Speaker 2  2:03:27
All right? Awesome. Sounds good. Thank you. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai