Unknown Speaker  04:34
It Hey, Matt morning,

Unknown Speaker  04:37
my Amanda was just catching me up on something.

Matthias Miller  04:40
Morning. Hey, good morning. Amanda.

Speaker 1  04:42
Hey, I was in there trying to do that delete for some of those items. Now, when I go to do it, it's telling me there's an internal server error, like it will delete go the next like bright white screen for me to click Delete again, and then it says the internal error. So. So I'm not sure we take a look.

Speaker 2  05:11
It's like, really sorry, five minute fast, but we'll get food coming. And still got another meal coming this week. She had ton of leftovers yesterday. She just said,

Speaker 1  05:30
I know it's hard. Might be better, better to explain afterwards, feel better.

Matthias Miller  05:41
Um, my next thing, I think,

Matthias Miller  05:50
I think that when you already deleted, I think it looks like you tried to like somehow. I'm not sure how. I probably can't tell without seeing what you're doing, but Well, it's

Speaker 1  05:59
really weird when it comes up, because that's why I said about that middle screen. That middle screen that it goes to and there's, like, there's obviously no info to it, because it doesn't exist. Like, it'll go on the one where all, like the,

Matthias Miller  06:14
okay, so all that stuff would be entered here. Let me. Let me show you what I think is going on. Okay, I

Speaker 1  06:22
just want to get rid of them, so I shouldn't have this problem again.

Matthias Miller  06:27
When you hit delete, when you go into here, you hit delete, and then you come back, this page isn't going to refresh, and so just work your way through the list, one at a time. Delete back next one, delete back next one, and then when you refresh, it should disappear.

Speaker 1  06:47
All right, you got it Okay, makes sense that that is easier. So okay, all right, and now, and all of those I need to delete, so that'll be good, and I'll make it alright. That's easy enough. Okay, sounds good. All right, thank you. I guess, did George talk to him about the issue we had yesterday?

Matthias Miller  07:07
Yeah, that's that's clear. I found it by way of George. Yes, and that that's resolved this

Speaker 1  07:12
morning somewhere. I put it in, but then I couldn't find it again.

Matthias Miller  07:16
Yeah, there's a he, I sent him the details. There's a here I could show you as well. But there's a here, sorry. So if you go into all customers and then uncheck active contacts only, and then it's all the way down to the bottom, Ah, I see. And then it needs to be reactivated for him to to put it on his list. And I fixed, I fixed the issue with you not being able to save active customers. So we're good.

Speaker 1  07:48
Alright, that sounds great. Very good. But guys, thank you sorry to vote in the way this morning here. But thank you. Alright, see you later.

Matthias Miller  07:56
Thank you everyone. Thank you. Thanks. Sounds good. Thanks you too. Thank you.

Unknown Speaker  08:01
So alright, dude, I'm like,

Speaker 2  08:07
big catch up this morning. I've been out seeing customers last two days, and my wife's Christmas dinner last night. And anyway, a lot in my brain. So catching up. Matt, that

Matthias Miller  08:24
well. So the biggest question I have for George. I have a question from George that I need to have answered for me to wrap up my pieces on thawing. I don't know I sent it by email last night. Probably have to talk it through with him. But apart from that, I'm caught up on I'm caught up in selling. I think don't have much to do on pricing at the moment.

Speaker 2  08:47
Was it about the mark complete? Is it that thread

Matthias Miller  08:51
or was it? Let's see. Let me pull it up.

Unknown Speaker  08:55
I'm just looking at my emails here.

Matthias Miller  08:59
Let's see. Yeah, the mark complete thread

Unknown Speaker  09:05
when I was in size or less, one more.

Matthias Miller  09:09
Oh, I'm sorry here. Oh, George, no not George. This is my bad. I did not. I failed to include you. Oh, here let me uh, I'm just gonna resend it now. Give it 30 seconds.

Matthias Miller  09:42
The Okay, the biggest, the biggest question is, when you've got different items

Matthias Miller  09:57
on the cut list, we've been grouping same size. If you have, if you have the same size for different items, we group them together one more time when you've got, if you've got difference, if you have the same size for different orders, then we'll just group them together automatically. But he doesn't want them automatically grouped. Yeah. So the question, then, is two questions. Number one, how do you want them printed my house, and if you can print them, if you print them all separately, then it's fine, like, just say we want, we want 10 of this, and 20 of exactly the same thing, and 10 of exactly the same thing, and 50 of the exact same thing, and they write down the yield for each one. Easy. We can do that if, if he wants to merge them, then we need to think through how the merging happens. Because, well, does it? Does the system keep it separate? And they write down. It prints out combined and then they write down a combined number, and he splits it out. Does he combine them together? When he does

Unknown Speaker  11:07
the did he? Did he ask about merging them?

Matthias Miller  11:15
He asked about not merging them anymore. We I was merging them from the conversation back in May or whenever it was,

Speaker 2  11:24
if there were same size and same species, yeah, um, well, yeah, if they're, if we're doing a yield on everything, then they probably should be separated, I guess. Or, what are your thoughts on it?

Matthias Miller  11:43
I mean, that's fine. I don't mind separating them all. I don't have a problem with that. Yeah, I just need some I just want to make sure that doesn't become an I know he's been very protective of space on the cut list, and I don't know enough of the process out on the floor to know is that going to be confusing, and maybe it just doesn't straight up, doesn't happen that often, and it's fine.

Unknown Speaker  12:17
You don't know enough of the process,

Matthias Miller  12:20
like I mean, you don't if that's if you guys are happy. From a technical standpoint, I can do whatever we can do any of these paths. I just need to know from a business standpoint, yeah, what makes the most sense.

Speaker 2  12:35
But George has been protective Cass one more time,

Matthias Miller  12:39
he's been really protective of of space on these reports. So he's been wanting to take as few pages as possible, possible.

Speaker 2  12:50
Yeah, yeah. Well, but in this situation, there's, there's not a lot of, I mean, I don't think it's worth trying to save now, I'd say split them up, Matt, that way that you would that's more important than that extra little whatever, like, I much rather print off the paper, have another page if we need to and get the right data we need. That's we need more clarity. Man, that's the clarity. That's the clarity angle. So we need that. Okay, yep, so was he? Did he ask a question to start that off? Yeah, the

Matthias Miller  13:40
starting question was because we were combining things together on some of the big orders going to the sizers. Okay, it's a long story. I needed to do a bit of rework for the sewing tracking on the cutlet side to make that work. And as a result, he lost his ability to split things, split these groups apart, yeah, and that's what raised the question.

Speaker 2  14:07
But he's good, but it's taken care of. Then, yep.

Matthias Miller  14:11
I mean, this, will, this, will, this will resolve it.

Speaker 2  14:13
So he said another thing was, Matt, when I add new customers, say, This is what pops up. That's what you talk to Amanda about right? That's tape, and they were, was that a scenario where more of a teaching scenario,

Matthias Miller  14:28
partially teaching, partially an issue with the Yeah,

Speaker 2  14:33
okay, um, this more complete thread. Okay, you just sent that over to me. New customers. Oh yeah, I'm just looking at your answer. Matt, click a new customers on the menu, fill in a name. I'm. Oh, this is the same conversation, right? Yeah, I see it.

Speaker 2  15:12
Hey, if you have more orders the same size, make them separate them for enough separate lines, when I print a cut list, you have more orders of same size, make have a single line for them on the printed cut list. When you enter yield, they'll still be separate. Oh, you have to figure out how much of each one they like.

Unknown Speaker  15:38
Make them separate. You little

Unknown Speaker  15:45
Yeah, is it a is the simplest option, right?

Unknown Speaker  15:49
Yeah, yeah, yeah,

Speaker 2  15:54
just a little more paper. Yep. I like it. I like it. So you just throw another one there for George. All right, I'll have to try to, I don't want, I'm not trying to run over George here. He's not here right now. He's, he's at a leadership

Unknown Speaker  16:11
meeting this morning.

Matthias Miller  16:16
Yes. Oh, something else I should mention. I am going to be out. I don't know if I mentioned this. I should have mentioned earlier, I'm going to be out from, for sure, the 24th through the 31st maybe part of the 23rd already. So, okay, well, through the first, really.

Speaker 2  16:36
Okay, yeah. So, no, I don't remember, but gotcha, I'm hoping to be out from the 25th to the to the working again on the fifth. That's my ambition. But I don't know if it's gonna I'm sure it's probably not gonna happen that way at all. I I'm juggling between, if we close operations between Christmas and New Year, 2930 31 I'm trying to discern whether or not to ask some of these individuals in the office to come in and help with help with some of this stuff.

Unknown Speaker  17:19
Um, yeah.

Speaker 2  17:23
So have a fully discernment, yeah, um. So you sent two pricing invites. So you you needed tomorrow, seven things start 730, 45 then go back 10 to 12. Yeah. It seems good for me when you send an invitation, Matt, it comes, it comes in two different emails, like I get a double not sure why that is,

Matthias Miller  17:53
I have no I can't tell you that. I don't know.

Unknown Speaker  17:56
Well, I'll look at it here. This was Matthias Miller at code house.com

Speaker 2  18:05
required Mervyn Beyler that has the code house link on it and then

Unknown Speaker  18:14
the other one is

Speaker 2  18:16
same thing. Matthias Miller code house that has the link too. I have no idea.

Unknown Speaker  18:23
I don't know what that's about,

Matthias Miller  18:27
something with Google not playing nice with Outlook or something, probably, but I don't know for sure what it is. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  18:38
All right. All right.

Speaker 2  18:47
Um, you had a recap for Wednesday. I didn't read that, Matt, can I get over that quick? Can we go back? Yep, email support request from Jordan, okay, I completed change, cut list report and print out to respect actual analysis report. Yes, sir, I didn't look at that yet the report.

Unknown Speaker  19:21
Um, look at that quick

Speaker 2  19:30
sawing overview is that it no for date be

Matthias Miller  19:39
sawing analysis, refresh your page. Maybe. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  19:51
yeah, it's what looks like. That's what needed to happen,

Speaker 2  19:55
back to the page. Okay, sawing.

Unknown Speaker  19:59
Analysis. Yes, yep, okay,

Speaker 2  20:07
12, 112, 18, linear size of units, linear feet, slowing units, four feet.

Matthias Miller  20:17
And then the blacked out items are ones where we have either yield or hours, but not the other one. Okay, so those are all the I didn't know how to how to show it, but

Unknown Speaker  20:30
yep, yep, makes sense. Um

Unknown Speaker  20:42
hmm. Yeah, no, that's good. I mean view you will top view tome sheets, that Brewer, linear, feet per hour.

Speaker 2  21:05
That doesn't look like it's calculating accurately

Unknown Speaker  21:12
more feet per hour.

Speaker 2  21:17
31 board feet per hour. Yeah, the linear feet per hour Brewer and Keystone, those are up in the double digit 1000s. So if we that must be wait that still needs

Matthias Miller  21:35
to use lumber length, not can't length. No, it's can't let it's lumber length

Unknown Speaker  21:42
lumber. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  21:47
no, it's the cat length.

Matthias Miller  21:50
Okay, so like on here, let's do this,

Speaker 2  21:56
no matter. But really, if you're saying, if, well, that's gonna, is it gonna throw a wrench into calculations because we still want, because the cant length can be different than the expected yield, like if we're cutting 40 sixes out of a, you know, eight footer or four footer, we're cutting some of the wood.

Matthias Miller  22:33
Yeah, you're looking at the Okay, the yield is based on the lumber. Perfect. Well, no, I'm asking so well, and then you want board feet adjusted for waste on the can't.

Speaker 2  22:55
Yeah, I mean, the amount of board feet processed is based on the can size, the amount of linear feet processed is also based on the cant size.

Matthias Miller  23:13
But the yield is the number of lumber pieces, not the number of cans.

Speaker 2  23:17
The actual yield is based on lumber.

Matthias Miller  23:22
So we need to translate from lumber and basically say, I mean, it's the same kind of I guess it is. I mean, do you just do the same? Can't calculation that we do elsewhere. Just see how many pieces of lumber you can get out of a can. And that's what you calculate the board foot per hour on,

Speaker 2  23:46
I mean, that's, I mean that that's the actual yield, which is what we're doing on the other saws. That's the the board feet per hour is the yield. I old. We're not allotting for sawdust there, right which we can do the same thing on Brewer and Keystone in the board feet, if we calculate by board feet, but if we calculate well, we don't have to. If we calculate Brewer Keystone, linear feet per hour, perfect would be calculating by the length of the camp before we cut it. Like, for example, if we're cutting 40 sixes out of 40 eights or out of, you know, 90, whatever we're always we're losing two inches every 48 inches that they're not getting credit for. But who cares? I mean,

Unknown Speaker  24:58
it's that's address you. Yeah, that's,

Speaker 2  25:03
it's not worth showing that two inches as being processed like, it's worth, sorry, to hijack the whole system to create a whole another layer of a like, or a whole another wing to this like calculations just to catch those two inches.

Unknown Speaker  25:28
Yeah, it's not important.

Matthias Miller  25:31
Matt, okay, I'll fix that.

Speaker 2  25:34
In other words, well, I don't know as well, that's what I asked for. But if we're going to keep it all the same, then, then let's, in other words, yes, if we're going to keep it all the same, keep it simple. Yield is the same across the board. Board feet is based on lumber yield, feet per hour, and the difference there is linear, excuse me, linear feet per hour is based on length only. So if you want to take that, if you can extract that from the lumber, just the length, I'm fine with that.

Matthias Miller  26:24
Yeah, we can. That's, that's easy enough making these change changes. Both of these changes

Speaker 2  26:29
is, is it easy enough to extract the length from the cant instead of the lumber? If you're going to do it differently anyway,

Matthias Miller  26:40
we can all we all we really need to do. I mean, we just need to translate the yield into the number of cans

Speaker 2  26:53
for linear feet, for linear feet, well, for board feet, let's keep it the same as everything else, and go by yield. I think we want to,

Matthias Miller  27:10
I want to draw a distinction. I want to probably call it, I mean, we want to call it lumber board feet, and can't linear feet, just to make sure that distinction is clear.

Speaker 2  27:24
That's yeah, yeah, again, man, if doing that differently creates a another layer of sort of difficulty, then I'm fine with using

Matthias Miller  27:40
Go ahead. It's really not bad. Is there any, is there any usefulness in showing lumber, board feet, lumber, linear feet, and can't linear feet or not?

Unknown Speaker  27:52
Oh, yeah. They're they're Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  28:03
But yeah, the reason that that would,

Unknown Speaker  28:11
well, we this goes to pricing.

Speaker 2  28:17
So on the on the pricing. From the pricing perspective, when we sell somebody a 46 we need to charge them for 48 right?

Unknown Speaker  28:33
So that's,

Speaker 2  28:38
I mean, ultimately, right now, when the guys are doing, like the when the guys are making the cut list, if they do combo cuts, you know, like, instead of cutting 340 sixes out of a 12 footer, he cut 240 sixes and a so you got four inches extra. So 246 is in a 52 you know? I mean, so now you're that that that way used the whole 144 inches, if a guy's smart enough to get that 52 and come do a combo cut. And then we're over here, we're like, yeah, we're going to charge a customer for 48 but we did a combo, which is more work on our side, but we did that to save couple dollars. We still have to charge customer 48 for the 46 but good job on the cut list because you did a combo cut. So in other words, if we, if we say that we can see lumber, linear feet and actual can't linear feet, well, we're getting deep in the weeds, man. But like I. It. I don't know. I don't know how you measure, measure it and use that data exactly like, hey, how many times did the guys save four inches on a 12 footer?

Unknown Speaker  30:17
We well,

Matthias Miller  30:19
okay, but until they tell us how many cans they used on the sizers. Yeah, then we're just guessing. We're still just guessing. We will never know. This is just the only time we'll ever see that difference is when we go to do inventory on cans, unless you start having the guys say, Well, how many cans did you actually use?

Unknown Speaker  30:44
Well, we're doing that. I thought the Yeah,

Speaker 2  30:51
no, sorry, we're doing that. On the back side, we're actually doing that like they are writing down how many cans

Matthias Miller  30:57
they actually use. But Well, should we be recording that,

Unknown Speaker  31:01
yeah, we should, Matt, yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:07
And then the and then the can't yield versus lumber yield is, that's a then it that's just drop dead simple math. I mean, yeah,

Speaker 2  31:16
yeah, yeah. So that means another, I don't know what the sizers yield page.

Matthias Miller  31:23
It's just another column in the sizer yield for we'll have a can't, we'll have a can't, a can't quantity and a lumber quantity, right?

Speaker 2  31:34
Which they're already doing make the guys are, because we're trying to track our can't inventory, which is the next thing that I'm going to probably ask you to do at some point, next thing, maybe not next thing, but we have a can inventory system, but it's we didn't need to tie it all together, yeah?

Matthias Miller  31:52
Okay, I like that a lot. I mean, that's,

Unknown Speaker  31:57
yeah, yeah, yeah.

Matthias Miller  32:05
Let me. Let me make a quick note.

Unknown Speaker  32:07
I like it. I

Matthias Miller  32:09
love clarity. Little, little side note, not to take too much time, but yesterday, one of the developers and I spent an hour on the phone call one of who, one of the developers on another project. They were trying to, they were trying to clarify their their incentive, payroll process, and it's, it's confusing, the terms they're using, and all this stuff. We wrangled with it. Finally we came up with with a simple breakdown, and it just made, it made perfect sense. And there's, like, there's that's just a high when you nail down on something that's simple, real fits reality, accurate, all that, yeah, dude, it's awesome.

Speaker 3  32:47
Well, that's it. That's my word for it.

Speaker 2  32:53
Started this year, but that's my word for next year.

Matthias Miller  32:56
Clarity, clarity. I love it, man, bro, that is

Unknown Speaker  33:01
man. What was your word though? What do we come up with?

Matthias Miller  33:06
What is you tell me, I gave you all this stuff, and then you tell me what it is. I didn't,

Speaker 2  33:13
I didn't come up with, I didn't give you the answer that day. Did I? That was a fun conversation. Man, that was a great conversation. There was a word that popped in my mind, but I wasn't, I wasn't ready to roll it out there. So I still have 1113, days, of course, until your vacation. I only have five.

Matthias Miller  33:40
So, well, it's, it's not if I lose one day out of that, or, you know, one day out of, out of the new year, that's, uh, that's like, point point two, 7% of the year I could probably, I could probably do without it for that percentage of time.

Unknown Speaker  33:58
Oh, in the new year. Yeah. Well,

Matthias Miller  34:02
I shoot.

Speaker 2  34:12
Ma'am, Matt, it sucks having this much fun and then you're not here.

Matthias Miller  34:18
You know I was talking, do you know Caleb mast, yeah, you would have worked with him. I can't. I can't keep straight, who's who crossed with you. Anyway. He was talking this morning again, wanting to do more, more stuff with the fenders. And I'm like, Dude, you just got it. We got to get this thing wrapped up. March 2220 27 so in March 23 you guys can pack up, you can move out here, and we can start manufacturing out here somewhere, simple as that, because March 22 we're going to be done. What's he doing? Uh, he's working for his brothers. They have a custom cabinet shop, and he's doing, he's going to be doing dealer relations, or like a dealer I. Dealer, rep for their cabinet, cabinet shop for now, from where he's going to be in Colorado. They're from Napanee. I want to say,

Unknown Speaker  35:09
didn't they? I thought they're moving away.

Matthias Miller  35:12
No, they're staying around. Matt lap is moving Matt and Jean are moving away. Yeah, but, but they're around. Yeah, I

Speaker 2  35:22
didn't know they're staying. That's cool, yeah, well,

Unknown Speaker  35:27
man, yeah, we're we'll get there.

Speaker 2  35:36
My mind's going back to right here.

Matthias Miller  35:41
All right, let's do it. Sorry, sorry to distract that was, that was all to say. I love the change on the on the on the yield tracking and all that stuff. That's perfect. That's awesome. I love it.

Speaker 2  35:50
Clarity is everything. Clarity is everything. It's everything. It is everything. Um, so lumber, lumber, linear feet. And then can't linear feet, and then lumber board so lumber board feet, lumber linear feet.

Matthias Miller  36:09
We could do can't board feet, and can't linear feet as well. No reason why. We can't

Speaker 2  36:13
sure if we can show that. Might as well show it. Yeah, you're going to show it. You're going to show it anyway, right? All you have to do is, you have the data.

Matthias Miller  36:21
Yeah, you have it there. It's just, yeah, exactly. Show it okay.

Speaker 2  36:26
So I do want to go over the rest of that, that email just so here we go.

Matthias Miller  36:35
Sawing analysis is where we're at. So that fixes, that'll fix

Speaker 2  36:39
work orders. Yep, when completing enable warning when completing work orders after 12, one without an actual yield. Yeah. And then direction on how to handle multiple items of the same size. We got that right, yep. Miller, sawing it, yeah, we just did the saw analysis report. George to input yield and time sheets to clear up. George to input yield and time sheets to clear up.

Matthias Miller  37:09
Got it? Those black spells need to be out.

Speaker 2  37:13
Yeah, pricing spreadsheet meeting Thursday. Got it. Boom. Here we are. It's almost 10 o'clock. Rick and I are going to meet at 11. We're going to meet at 11 o'clock to dive into overhead. Yeah, we didn't. Did you do anything farther on your side. I know, I didn't

Matthias Miller  37:41
really, you left it in limbo, and I didn't, I know,

Speaker 2  37:45
I appreciate that. No, that's good. Matt, um, well, can we run across it real quick? Can we look like,

Matthias Miller  37:58
I mean, in my mind, it's just, it's stupid simple. I mean, somebody just needs to put it together. Yeah, it's just

Unknown Speaker  38:06
take, go ahead,

Matthias Miller  38:09
just take this and put it into a spreadsheet in some capacity, right?

Speaker 2  38:15
Well, do you see that one I that run a handwritten, the handwritten one I sent over that picture

Matthias Miller  38:19
of I saw, I saw, I saw it, and I didn't

Unknown Speaker  38:23
text message. I'm looking at that right now. Yeah, I've got it here,

Unknown Speaker  38:34
number.

Speaker 2  38:41
Well, first off, what's that? What's the is that the that would be the three, the three primary factors, right? Material, labor and overhead, yeah, is there? Should there be another primary?

Matthias Miller  38:52
No, that's, I mean, that's, that's the Convention on these.

Speaker 2  38:55
The material would be lumber and fasteners and additional, which could be, I put heat treating as material. I don't know I could be. I mean, it's a it's a process. It's not just labor. So I'll put it under that, yeah, paint, stencils, banding, and then it's labor, sawing. I figured based on board feet processed times, the cost of one board foot that seemed

Matthias Miller  39:35
good to you is that based on cants? Is that overall sawing? Or is that weird? Still, per saw weird?

Speaker 2  39:43
Yeah, yeah, well, in this case, it would be the board fee that it takes to build one item. Yeah, with our sewing, with this yield and hours, I. Uh, tracking all of that gives us the cost. It gives us the cost. So if we want to write, my mind, we we know how many board feet it takes.

Matthias Miller  40:15
It's based on raw material, board feet or canned board feet.

Unknown Speaker  40:22
Right? Or No, I it should it labor

Speaker 2  40:32
well in my okay, it doesn't matter, as long as it's the same across the board. So when we're tracking yield. We're tracking we're tracking the lumber, which is exactly what it takes to make the item. We're not necessary. We're not factoring in sawdust. Like, okay, let's go back to material Matt, when we when we factor the lumber for the material cost, that's where we need to round it up to include the sawdust and use. Can't numbers

Unknown Speaker  41:13
that makes sense. Yeah, can't we just just,

Matthias Miller  41:18
isn't this just exactly, can't we just use the same can't, well, it's the it's the size or waste, it's the plus 10% it's the it's the can't, quantity, plus 10% that we use for the, for the, for the cut list, right?

Speaker 2  41:32
That's, well, 10% No, that's for waste. That's for waste, that's waste. That's the waste factor. That's not the sawdust, sawdust, sawdust and curve. Like, the same thing. It's the kerf is what it's what the blade chews up in the process of sizing it. So like, yeah, anyway, 7/16 you get 10 pieces out of a six inch. You and so

Matthias Miller  42:04
we're not accounting for curve in our camp calculations, though, correct, but you're saying we should be

Speaker 2  42:16
not, not on the can't. No, not if we're calculating can't, the curve needs to be added when we're just adding up the lumber cost, because the cost of the lumber includes the curve. Okay.

Matthias Miller  42:34
Are you pricing it? Yes. Pricing it off the lumber.

Speaker 2  42:40
We need to price it off lumber plus curve, okay,

Matthias Miller  42:50
which means that you need to take curve times number of cuts, basically.

Speaker 3  43:02
Oh, if Wait, sorry, what's your thoughts? What process on that curve times number of cuts?

Matthias Miller  43:15
I mean, if you if you have to cut it, if you're running it through multiple saws? Yeah, then you have to basically add curve twice.

Unknown Speaker  43:29
So this is, yeah,

Speaker 2  43:38
when you do this, when you figure up, if you do it by pen and paper, like there's a

Unknown Speaker  43:46
there's a number,

Speaker 2  43:49
so you can only get so many 7/16 out of a six inch, which is 10 pieces, you can only get some inch out of a six which is nine pieces. So you know, half inch you figure at point 667, times nine equals six. So that's calculated at point 667, and 7/16. Is calculated at point six because you get 10 out of a six inch anyway, so and on and on and on. So you look at it from that aspect, how many can I get out of one can and then the length you say, Okay, it's a 44 so I round 40 fours up to whatever do I round 40 fives? I gotta round up to 4840 fours. Think we're rounding the wheat that historically didn't round those up. But like on the length, you have to round it up to two foot increments, or like an eight or 10 or 12 or 14 or 16, like on length, you have to be able to whatever you can get out of an 810, 1214, or 16. That's what you got. You know, that's what you go by.

Speaker 3  45:03
Okay, so on length

Speaker 2  45:09
to figure out the cost of lumber, you know, you always have to round it up to that length increment, which I could send you a spreadsheet just to show you what we've done historically.

Matthias Miller  45:28
If you have something we're running, we're running out of time. Okay, sure. That's fine. That's fine. If you have something you can send over, that would probably be the most.

Speaker 2  45:37
Then you'll, you'll see where I'm at with it. And then that would be lumber cost. It would be a rounded up. So on this pricing spreadsheet, you could show actual lumber yielded four feet quantity, right? Or the actual fee quantity based on what it takes to make the item, how much it takes to fill the order. But there should be another additional calculation, which would be the can't board feet that it took to produce that yield

Matthias Miller  46:25
correct, and we could just, again, split this value between lumber board feet and camp board feet.

Unknown Speaker  46:32
Yes, if you can, there's gonna be some nuance there.

Matthias Miller  46:38
Okay, but doesn't this change? Okay. We I'm still not wrapping my head around why this doesn't simply change the quantity of lumber you can get out of a cant, and everything else just falls into place. But feel like I'm missing something. Say it again. It seems to me like curve. All curve does is says that. Okay, here's a 40 inch coming out of a out of 120 and this guy, yep. So we're saying we can get seven out that's

Speaker 2  47:27
probably 11 six, yeah, 1116 by five and a half 40s. Yeah, seven out of a 40 and then 21, out of a 10 foot can exactly,

Matthias Miller  47:41
but we don't need to. We don't need to account, all right, this one set up.

Matthias Miller  48:09
Need four so we're actually getting, oh, this is the, wait a minute, that's what it is. But it's saying we can get 21 it's doing times three. But, okay, does curve allow you to get three lengths of 40 out of, out of, out of a 10 foot?

Speaker 2  48:33
Well, that's just straight up, so that's true. Okay, when we buy a 10 foot can, if the thing's double end trimmed, and it's exactly 120 inches. You think the guys in saw mills know that it has to be at least, it should be at least 121 inches long, so we can cut 340s out of it, right? So length, we don't worry about kerf. It's just a matter of how many 40s that get out of 123

Matthias Miller  49:01
Okay, so we're handling all of that right now. Then, I mean, this is all we the way we ended up doing it. We're not doing math on it. This is all hand entered saying,

Matthias Miller  49:18
like, we can get five of these out of the five and a half by six. We can get whatever right. I think we're you can get zero of these. Why? Why is it set up like that?

Speaker 2  49:33
I don't know. But I don't know why we're doing two and 7/8 other than that's a, I mean, that's just going to be ripping something down. I don't know what that what's that job? Is it a crate?

Matthias Miller  49:49
I don't know where it's I don't know where we're using it.

Speaker 2  49:52
That's a weird size, 716, by 2780, can I see more of that screen? Or. What is it job or

Matthias Miller  50:03
we need to find lumber,

Unknown Speaker  50:06
go to the top. Wait,

Matthias Miller  50:08
no, I mean, this is, this is the can't. This is the can't setup. Let's do this. Let's, let's make a note for tomorrow. Find out why this is set up for zero from this, and let me put a link to it. Consider search by can't and or lumber size, okay, all right, sounds good. All right. Sorry, was there more we got derailed.

Speaker 2  50:52
Looking at, yeah, and labor, I mean shipping and handling. I don't know if that should be a labor category, a labor sub category, if that should be an overhead sub category,

Matthias Miller  51:12
that's, I'm sorry, which, which one was this again,

Speaker 2  51:14
under Labor, under labor. I have handling forklift, and I have shipping there.

Matthias Miller  51:20
So handling I would expect is, I mean, your forklift operator is just running back and forth. I would consider that production overhead,

Unknown Speaker  51:30
production overhead

Matthias Miller  51:31
like, it's not like you have 4x the forklift work on one versus another. Is there or or is it enough to care about?

Speaker 2  51:45
No? Yeah. So shipping, handling, forklift, shipping is, should that be a fourth category? Like we have material, we have labor, we have overhead. We should probably have shipping as a fourth category, right?

Matthias Miller  52:03
Yeah, potentially, Rick will probably have an opinion how it should be categorized. That's right. I think, I think conventionally, material and labor is fairly is direct, is fairly direct, and most of that stuff you would push into, yeah, into overhead, but separate category.

Speaker 2  52:23
The last one we didn't talk about here, if you have time, is assembly labor. I have that as expected, assembly hours. Times, assembly hour rate.

Speaker 2  52:51
Expected assembly hours Matt is based on on the far right. We talked about cube size, overall item size, right? We have the board fee. We have the faster size going with a number of parts like that's our data points that were for expected, for expected assembly hours. Basically, we're looking at the assembly tracker, and based on what the Tracker's telling us, we we have, we know what our expected hours are based on those four data points, when we When we mirror against our historical data.

Unknown Speaker  53:39
Yep, correct, right?

Speaker 2  53:51
We'll talk about this more tomorrow. That's fine. Does that? Do you have any flags?

Matthias Miller  53:56
No. I mean, I think that's yeah.

Speaker 2  53:59
And then assembly hour rate. I have Assembly hourly rate based on, well, this is a just a side question. Should it be based on whether item can be assembled on machine or not? I'm still in the camp of thinking that it shouldn't matter, but maybe it should.

Matthias Miller  54:23
So I can make an argument that if nobody in the industry can do this by machine, then it's it would make sense to have different pricing. But if you're close enough in the ballpark that then, well, I mean, then the price is just the price.

Speaker 2  54:42
No, it probably needs to be separate. There needs to be probably cheaper, cheaper if we build on the machine. So that's another con. Okay, good enough. Matt, good for now.

Matthias Miller  54:54
Okay, sounds good. Appreciate it. Your meeting goes well. We'll see in the morning.

Unknown Speaker  54:58
Thanks. You too, man, bless. Things, yeah, yeah, questions.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai