Unknown Speaker  00:40
Hey, hey, got me there.

Matthias Miller  00:46
Not, not right now, we have got wind like crazy

Unknown Speaker  00:51
when, yeah,

Speaker 1  00:53
but we've had 60 last week. Wow.

Speaker 2  00:57
I've got some friends up in Montana, and I heard they had high, high winds of like 9094, miles an hour yesterday. Yeah, crazy.

Speaker 1  01:07
Didn't hit that here, but it was crazy. That's good.

Speaker 2  01:12
You're it's tolerable, but your audio is pretty gonna call it fuzzy.

Unknown Speaker  01:21
I Is it any better? If I

Speaker 2  01:26
Yeah, that does seem better. Okay, I'm not being loud. Wasn't being loud. All good. I'm gonna throw my my recorder into here. Think, oops, wrong button Add to meeting. Okay, thanks for doing this. I guess this is just like, purely a favor, and I owe you one all that other stuff. So short version, Mike is Google ads are not I'm I'm kicking myself in a little bit, because some of this stuff was like moderately predictable meaning. I've been here before, right? Yeah, but unfortunately, not recently enough to help me remember and and kind of force the issue ahead of time. Let me share screen. I'm going to show you some stuff, and I am going to keep this short for you, share screen and get a slightly bigger screen. There we go through today. Let me know when you see a Google screen being shared. Okay? So in 100 ways, this is classic. So we turn his campaigns on they started. We had to boost the budget a little just to get them to wake up and run. This was on max clicks, which is just basically a tactic I use, oh, we got wait. The wrong screen is definitely sharing what happened there. Try that again. Now you should see a Google Ad screen, okay, so looking at all the time that it has run. So started campaigns just barely got some progress with Max clicks, which is like, hey, Google throw traffic at me right now. Now, Google really is different from Facebook, which is a problem that I have to fight more and more all the time. And in fact, I'm having this problem with Micah a little bit, because he's expecting us to make decisions in two or three or four days, and I have to keep telling him, nope, Google doesn't work that way. You got to wait and be patient. So generally speaking, in the last five years, the way to make Google ads get you a customer is not to use Max clicks or manual bidding, but it's to use maximize conversions, where you're leaning into the AI and telling it to go find you conversions. Now I made that change here, and you'll notice that it has the appearance of having absolutely died after I made the change, which is also typical of Google. So in order to shake it up, I greatly increased his budget, by which I mean that if I had left it there, it probably would have spent five or six times more per month than than his actual budget. But it worked, and I've seen that happen 100 times as well. Problem being that, then, okay, it's alive, there's traffic, it works. CTR is good, so on and so forth. But now I've got to dial the budget down. Google got super greedy too. They applied the over delivery like almost immediately started double. Spending like crazy now. Now here's the part where I'm mad at myself. I could have known that was coming, but because we had already talked with Micah earlier in the year and a month ago about the forecast, and he seemed like, you know, he was willing to do it, but he didn't want to spend a ton. I had fallen for my usual complex where it's like, okay, it's kind of a low budget client, but we can make it work. And Google says it can. I should have known better. I literally wish I had never given Micah the $1,700 figure. I wish I told him to expect to spend, like, no less than 5000 a month or something. But sadly, I fell for it myself. So since then, he has had good traffic, and I've been able to wrestle the spin back down, to some extent, to where it should be, but no conversions at all. And now this is where I have never solved what I'm about to talk about. So in essence, if you look at the CTR, which is the part that Google itself cares about the most, the CTR is good. There's always a possibility that there's 100 things, I don't know, but the segmentation is good, the keywords are good in 100 different ways. The ad copy is good. Some of it is mimicking competitors with winning ads have been running for a long time. All the things I've always done all perfectly good. And I see nothing here, not CPC. I see no metrics that tell me that I have done something wrong with the account like it's all actually quite good. Good CPC, good CTR. It's just not converting. Now, in my world, all I can think to do is tell the client you have a website problem. But you know how that feels? Not, not real great. So if I say that to Micah, he's gonna say, Well, what should I do instead? And now I wish I was slightly more prepared for this conversation, because I was just about to go when you messaged me a few minutes ago. I was actually, literally just about to go look at his competitors again, and I might be able to pull it up really quick while I'm talking. But what in your opinion, if you think back to true point your Yoders or the Colorado people just off the cuff, what would you say is, is wrong or needs changing on this site if it was going to convert better,

Matthias Miller  07:39
bigger, bolder? Get a free quote Call to Action above the fold, as I looked at it with Micah, he was I called him to get so the CRM. That's the most obvious thing. Maybe shinier pictures, shinier Well, or less, fewer walls of text, perhaps I don't

Speaker 2  08:01
know, okay, and it sounded like maybe you've already had some version of this conversation with Micah.

Matthias Miller  08:12
He just mentioned a little bit, and I popped open the web page and just looked at a little bit. Yep, not much more than that. I uh, I mean,

Matthias Miller  08:32
honestly, my other, the other client, I think, give access to their account, their agency has been swearing up and down. They're doing everything right, and they're leafless in the garbage.

Speaker 2  08:54
And is that a seasonal thing? No, and I'm sorry, who are we talking about? Colorado. Shed, I if I do have it, has completely escaped my attention. Let me just look here.

Matthias Miller  09:06
It's you probably, you probably got it by accident being I think you're MMC for my MMC or something.

Speaker 2  09:12
Sure enough, and I totally forgot about it. Mind if I take a look?

Matthias Miller  09:15
No, I don't mind if you can pinpoint the problem. But it sounds, in my mind, this is okay if I I don't know how to figure this out without making leaps of judgment, yes, but I know for a fact that their competitor is doing very well.

Speaker 2  09:45
Their competitor, meaning Colorado sheds, or meaning Micah,

Matthias Miller  09:48
yes, which is an indirect Colorado shed and which is an indirect competitor? I mean, there's segments that they would be competing with Micah for. And. It the dark, sinister. I can't explain it. So therefore, I think it's the AI or something, yeah, says, Well, Google knows that these guys have been, you know, Google's applying some kind of RFM. These guys have been spending a nice amount of money for a nice amount of time. They keep getting nice conversions. They keep getting nice reviews. I'm not gonna get let new guy come in and just completely upset the fruit basket

Speaker 2  10:33
and and by the way, that is true. That is not just you speculating. I have seen that you. Hear. Here's a funny story. Somebody from Planet Perry once hired me to audit Kevin Milani. Is that funny or what right? And and their deal was that Kevin was telling them stuff, just like what you're saying, and basically they didn't believe him. And part of Kevin's point was like, if you take your analytics or your stats and you go back for a whole year, you literally can see Google like slowly letting off the brakes, and also see Kevin doing his work, but not just Kevin doing his work, like, like Google itself was getting comfortable with them as an advertiser, and so, yes, that is part of what's up here with Micah. Is, like, everything about this venture is new. He has, he has a this is not a sprint, it's a marathon. He's got a really long way to go, but trying to sell him on that idea, because basically, he already wants to shut it down, right, which is so typical small business folks, yeah, okay, well, and I didn't mean to take over there, I was just trying to point out that your hunch is there are Not all wrong, because lots of other professionals believe exactly the same

Matthias Miller  12:05
well, and I, I guess here's the point to you, as much as you feel like you do or don't need the need the business. This might be the point at which getting him to change his line of thinking is one of the most difficult tasks you can embark upon. Yeah. So sounds very pessimistic, but

Speaker 2  12:39
pessimistic, but realistic. Yeah, no, I'm actually totally with you on that, and I need the business bad enough to try. And I'm also aware that I may fail real hard, and that doesn't bother me too much at the moment. Oh, here's the famous 3d shed builder. Does this work? Like, is this worth trying to tell Micah that this thing would help him? Or, I think it's

Matthias Miller  13:01
worth saying it's worth saying it's an experimentation. But legitimately, don't you really think that this is a one year play and that that he should not, that he should come back when he's prepared to spend, you know, three grand, five grand a month, three grand a month, 12 months. Or is that?

Speaker 2  13:25
Yeah, you're essentially correct, with the sole exception that even in startup mode, and maybe I'm just proud and arrogant or something, but even in startup mode, if Google was sitting in the room with me, I would twist it here really hard, because the $1,200 CPA is absolutely unacceptable. That's right, like, even at the first week, that is like, shame on you Google, right? And I do think it has something to do with this site. What bugs me is I have hunches about websites and what they kind of ought to look like, and Micah is like, breaks all the molds. I in a terribly unprofessional way, I would just say that this is an awful website, right?

Matthias Miller  14:13
Okay, so how much work to do something like? Okay? As a side note, this is storytelling me. That's great. I got introduced to this. I think I I shared Parmesan stuff with you. Been working through her, through her program, used it to generate a new website with quad. Maybe I'm biased, but it looks simple, clean, high end professional, like good you know, is it the best possible copy in the world? No. Is it really solid? Yeah. Well. Added a bunch of really good stuff. It knows all the brand foundation stuff so and it's all static, and is there a world? So I have a hunch as well, that websites hosted on Clickfunnels go high level in Wix immediately, for no other reason than just well than being on there. It actually is for more reason than that they take a penalty hit. Penalty hit, really is because most people on those platforms not only give a really poor website experience, they give a poor customer experience. So the AI knows that this looks a lot like this, like a bunch of slaps, doing stuff. And, you know, let's, let's just run and ragged. I mean, that's again, cynical, maybe not true. My point being that, if you literally did what would happen if you would take, if you would take. I was using quads. I don't know how chat GPT would do it, but take a full, full web page screenshot. Tool, convert them all the pings. Point chat GPT to the website and say and just tell it. It's part of the problem, like horrible conversion. It's built on Wix. It looks ugly. I got to get something. Get it up fast. It's got to look really professional. It's got to convert really well. Google's got to love it. I would like to use static hosting, if I can, just to get this thing out the door. What can you give me?

Speaker 2  17:02
I love it. I'm so happy. I actually have something to show you. I really am trying to keep this fast. And I would say, if you would check check this out. I think you're going to love this. Think I can drag screens around. Just this week, I went to a little webinar with a guy who was saying he could make websites in five minutes, and as, oh, I can't scroll up. Essentially, he did like he pointed. I already had a website, but it that's not that important. I think you can point like even at a competitor. So in other words, like for Micah, I could find any other metal structure seller and point at their website and say, Hey, but the right name is Rocky is, is Rocky Mountain, whatever it is. And, like, I don't have it here. I do have a recording somewhere, but it was, like, the world's simplest website. I mean, it was, it was barely better than make me a good website, right? And like, if you look at this, the design is this, the design is is pretty good out of the box. I mean, wouldn't, wouldn't you say off the top of your head, that your gut feeling is that what you're looking at right here on my screen is likely to convert better than this, whatever this is. Yeah, I tried, in preparation for this, not talking to you, but talking to Micah, I actually tried to get stats yesterday on some things like, because it actually bugs me that this website is green. I actually think that is part of the problem. But then, like, I try to get stats on that, and I found as many nos as I found yeses statistically. So, you know,

Matthias Miller  18:55
I mean, here's where I think, Okay, here's the part of the problem that you can't solve, yeah, or is very difficult to this website. Actually, this is, this is really interesting. This website is okay. You got a feel for Micah, who he is. When you talk to, yep, real chill. Friendly. Guy loves people won't be ruffled. Helpful. You know, all that is that, is that how you would have described it?

Speaker 2  19:35
I agree. I didn't mean to interrupt you. I was really curious about the end of your sentence, where you said part of the problem that I can't solve, or would be difficult to solve, is what, okay, he doesn't like technical stuff. He doesn't like tech stuff. Okay, yeah, yeah. And none of this stuff.

Matthias Miller  19:51
Look at this website. His website does any of that speak any of what I just described. I.

Unknown Speaker  20:03
Um, of him as a person,

Matthias Miller  20:06
the feel, yeah, as a person, exactly,

Speaker 2  20:10
um, in a very odd way, I long way around the mountain. I can picture this because I've seen this kind of output by that kind of person. But as a common American consumer, no, this contains no. It's not downright professional. It's definitely not corporate, and it's also not mission or personal branded at all, meaning like, it's just typical small business, and it doesn't really even talk about Micah or anything. There's no polarization, for sure, at a minimum,

Matthias Miller  20:49
like all the things of like, I return phone calls right away. I text you. I'm not here for the hard, hard clothes, all that stuff. This is just looks like a This looks like a technical this reads like a technical brochure.

Speaker 2  21:06
Colorado, tough building, yeah, yeah, I get it, yeah.

Matthias Miller  21:13
That's the part that, that disconnect. That's the part you can't fix. You can maybe, maybe with your GPT tools?

Speaker 2  21:29
Yeah, I was kind of hoping that he had actually paid you for GHL, because I was going to then try to talk him into using, like, some of its chat widget, or even the AI chat or some of the other tools, just to, like, liven this thing up a little bit.

Unknown Speaker  21:47
He's paying for it now as of tonight. Oh,

Unknown Speaker  21:50
he is okay. I think I must ask you that yesterday, and you said,

Unknown Speaker  21:54
Not yet as of an hour ago.

Speaker 2  22:02
Yeah. Cool, cool, okay, um, Rocky Mountain steel structures in silt, Colorado. Oh, does he have a competitor with almost the same name? By the way, I

Matthias Miller  22:21
asked him this question. He didn't know. Didn't know how to answer it. He said, the number one search is centered around steel frames and structures or something like that. Okay? And I asked him the question, how many of those people searching for that are literally looking for big commercial buildings? Like, is that a thing? Okay?

Speaker 2  22:42
That actually makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  22:45
I don't know how to answer that, but this

Unknown Speaker  22:49
is not Micah, is it? Can you see my screen? I

Unknown Speaker  22:53
put my phone in my pocket,

Speaker 2  22:55
all right, it's Vista drive in silt, Colorado. There's no way that's Micah. No, it's not. No, it's not. He has an actual competitor that almost shares his same name. Bummer,

Unknown Speaker  23:17
dude. This is a case of

Matthias Miller  23:24
there's such a love hate relationship with branding,

Speaker 2  23:27
with what? What's the last word, branding? Branding? Yeah, he doesn't even have his address on here. So, and in a certain sense, you've already handed me what I'm looking for. I'm thinking that, um,

Speaker 2  23:52
I'm thinking that I might just offer almost for my own amusement, and because I'm not a quitter, as everybody loves to say these days, I'm almost thinking of showing him something. What I'm probably going to do is go do some competitor research and find some competitors running ads and show him their websites. I will not show him whatever that's called Colorado sheds somebody else, probably somewhere else, outside of Colorado, and literally tell him that I think the website is the problem and that and that nobody has the one and only answer to the million dollar question of, okay, well, What website do I need? Because I think that's true. Would you agree with that? Like there no one single answer that famous question like, What does my site need to be in order to convert nobody has one packaged answer for that or not that you and I know of anyway.

Matthias Miller  24:53
I think, I think the closest answer that is a long, complicated answer, we can tell you how to get there in some form. Or fashion, it needs to be a reflection of you, and it has to speak directly to the market. And there has to be congruence the whole way through. And you have to there has to be conviction in it and all this stuff. But is there one thing, like, is there a cookie cutter blueprint that you can pull out of this guy, like, I just copy and paste this to work. Actually, probably not. I mean, yeah, no,

Speaker 2  25:30
I love it, by the way. You know, you're really good at this, right?

Matthias Miller  25:37
Fair, most of my life is spent translating people's ideas and visions of things that they don't understand into some form of reality.

Speaker 2  25:48
Genuinely, yeah, I agree. Okay, awesome. All right. Well, actually, seriously, I think, I think that alone gives me enough to chew on his other problem, I I'm so left brain, I can't help it the other my if somebody had tracked me in a corner, at the first mention that that you know, that this wasn't going well, and said, you know, gun to the head, you've got 90 seconds to come up with a solution, I literally would have said, One, it's not white, meaning this coloration is bad. Two, he doesn't have individual product pages, and I actually think that's a huge part of it, because he doesn't have building specific pages. I've got it all running to basically the same place. And then three, the classic, he doesn't have social proof, and he doesn't, no testimonials, no reviews, no case studies, nothing.

Matthias Miller  26:47
It would be easy to get that from him. Tell him, go through your Facebook messengers, screenshot every message. Spend two hours, four hours over I know we want it before Christmas, but over Christmas, sitting around the tree or whatever they do, if they have one, and, you know, snap screenshots of happy text messages, happy happy messenger photos or messenger combos, and then Build a wall. I mean, it's all the stuff, man.

Speaker 2  27:25
Yeah, that, you know, I have never thought about the build a wall thing for anybody other than an agency, but actually, that would fit perfectly. Why Choose Us? Or, Yeah, that's awesome. Okay, and then last question for you that has to do with you, so I keep thinking back to true points type form, which is, by the way, I think they're completely gone. They've like, I can't remember, did we ever, did we run a sub domain for them the whole time, or did they eventually merge? Cannot recall the answer to that. Whatever they have now sure does not look like what I remember when we worked with them.

Matthias Miller  28:08
No, it's not. They've, by the way, the Ohio brand, I don't know if you remember new house, yes, the Ohio brand is taking over management of true point North Carolina. Okay, so the new house is exceptional at it's a really well run company, in my opinion. Okay, not without blind spots. They're really well run. Um, anyway, I don't know where I was going with that. Where were you going

Speaker 2  28:48
with it? I was going to hear specifically. I was going to the fact that while thinking about conversions, I keep going back to the type form that we had for true point for a while. Yeah, you don't happen to have a copy of that sitting around in your Typeform account, do you? I don't

Matthias Miller  29:08
think it was in my account. I think they had their own.

Speaker 2  29:11
Okay, maybe I'm like, 90% sure it was,

Matthias Miller  29:15
but maybe it is. I might. You can, if you want to, you could, Audra is going to be out starting Saturday. I can see if I can look it up. You're welcome to email her and say that you were talking with me tonight and ask her to she can log into type form with my email address and see if she can find anything like that. Okay, there. There might also literally be, if it's under My Account, it might literally still be published under one of the links that we emailed back and forth somewhere.

Unknown Speaker  29:58
Good point. Yeah.

Matthias Miller  30:04
Yeah, and if not that, there might be Google Drive files that reference the questions

Speaker 2  30:17
got just looking at old links here. Do you I have some password from ancient days? Do you mind if I try it? No, I don't care. Oh, seems that email isn't linked to any type from, okay, so that's dead end. See what else I've got? Oh, that's all I got. Okay, no problem. I'll try other things as well. Okay, cool. Well, yeah, even that gives me some grounding and a couple legs to stand on, which is kind of what I was looking for. Can you think putting my totally technical hat back on? Can you think of any? And yes, I have checklists and whenever I can go reference, but other than the color, the CTA is the social proof and the individualized pages and a better form, can you think of any, like, totally basic CRO stuff that I'm overlooking?

Matthias Miller  31:17
No, not besides. I mean, it's, this is not a good left brain answer, but just the fact that it feels, it doesn't feel professional.

Unknown Speaker  31:33
The site itself, right? Yeah, the side itself, yeah.

Matthias Miller  31:39
I mean, it doesn't even what you should the scrolling thing you shared, I would say, looks like maybe a two or $3,000 website. This one looks like $1,000 website or $500 Yeah.

Speaker 2  31:50
Oh, I'm not sure I ever finished my sentence. That thing, where did that go? Was Google's ai, ai studio.google.com, so basically it's Gemini, but it's this thing in particular, and apparently you probably are way ahead of me on this, but apparently this was made to generate code.

Matthias Miller  32:11
Gemini is really I've been using it on my I was using it tonight. Long story. I need to analyze bank statements to get some numbers over the last three years from my personal finances. Yep, told Gemini to go build a Python script and just it worked. I told it, go write a script. You can double check, pull out the summaries of these things and check numbers. And I didn't double check that. It's double checking, right? But it double check. Double checked, and the double checking work. And so that was running off Gemini. And so that's, I've heard a lot of really good things about Gemini.

Unknown Speaker  32:56
Awesome. Yeah. Do

Matthias Miller  32:59
you want to can I? Can I grab five minutes your time for a few super random other stuff? Absolutely, yeah, I am sorry. I had had a thought my marketing strategy. Where did I tell you about my my Reddit marketing strategy

Speaker 2  33:18
rings the bell, but I can't think of any details

Matthias Miller  33:21
i i have a an AI tool that script that I wrote, or script that integrates with AI that looks at Reddit for relevant posts, brings them to me and says, Hey, you should consider answering those. My Plan, starting early next year, is to make a habit of answering one Reddit post a day, and so that's marketing strategy number one. Number two, I Josh long thinks is a really terrible idea. I am kind of ignoring his advice and taking a little bit of a gamble. There's a woman starting up a fractional CFO network. Or just basically a marketing Co Op, and it's pricing is really terrible, but for 900 bucks a month, I can get one to two warmed up leads delivered to my inbox, and the the goal being that continuing to dial that in, and of course, when, as she dials it in, she's going to scale up budget. And so I don't know how this style, the pieces are going to end up playing together, but it, it probably beats most other marketing efforts I could attempt at the moment. And the other fun thing that I did is it took my culture index profile and I went to chat GPT and I said. Said, Who are the successful business people who have had this type of profile and go please reverse engineer their pathway to success? And fought with it, dialog with it, wrestled with a little bit and and came back with some really, really, really interesting types of, types of answers. So I am not at the point of, I feel really again, I'm kind of on the fence with the I still do feel kind of conflicted with this fractional CFO network, but I'm not sure if it's the right thing to do or not. But anyway, there's a random

Speaker 2  35:59
here's here's a question that's either unanswerable or might help so literally referring to that hesitation you have about the Co Op, the marketing Co Op. Well, let's put this into Can you pinpoint, can you vocalize, verbalize anything about it, other than the price that feels wrong,

Matthias Miller  36:23
the fact that she's coming from corporate and has not been through the ringer and has is used to spending big budgets that slosh around without a gun to her head to optimize and run lean and drive results.

Speaker 2  36:38
How many people are ahead. Are ahead of you in line, meaning they're already in the network. 20. Are you open to opinions that are just opinions? Sure, it's a horrible idea. You said Joshua long thought it was a bad move. Yes, are you able to cancel after one month?

Matthias Miller  37:07
Yeah, you can cancel and resume anytime.

Speaker 2  37:10
So that changes it a little bit. But I think I've probably told you the story where I told Josh, Josh Thomas that I bought the ass certification program right after I committed to it, and he said, Jonathan, you just paid $20,000 for a piece of paper. That kind of, the whole thing you're saying with the co op kind of gives me that feeling, that vibe. Obviously, it's certification all that. But the very thing you said about this lady comes from a different world, combined with the fact that it's small and you are the guinea pig, if now here's one for you. How, what percentage of a desire to do that is that thing you're always telling me where you just love to test and tinker?

Matthias Miller  38:01
Um, I think part of what it is, this is something Audra warned me to and I barely listened, but I probably need to. But part of the part of what I want to do is I want to show up and turn up the heat, which means I'm probably not going to be content as a client. I Yeah.

Speaker 2  38:25
What are the chances that she's attracting mostly corporate ish type people into her world,

Matthias Miller  38:34
or British clients like

Unknown Speaker  38:37
or corporate money people with that mindset? Yeah.

Speaker 2  38:46
The point being that, if she comes from that world and she attracts those kind of people exactly what you said, they're used to a big budget with no gun to the head, those kinds of people are generally not going to be interested in your kind of approach at all.

Matthias Miller  39:05
You just nailed. Okay, so now here's the question, I am I am impatient. I think I know the answer. I just I'm not. I don't I don't want to embrace it. I'll be very transparent. It's all good. The Long Road is the short road.

Speaker 2  39:25
And for you, what is the long road?

Matthias Miller  39:28
Go do daily things on Reddit. Go start building up SEO cross link with the shed Business Journal. Become a journalist in there. Go build a LinkedIn following, because that's what it takes outbound. I mean, build enough of a presence somewhere to start getting inbound, but plan to spend the next few years doing nothing but building that snowball and you. I wait until a snowball hits and or go spend 20 grand for somebody to dial in my own cold outbound, which is still Jack reamer himself. If you know him, do you remember him?

Unknown Speaker  40:19
Sales bread? Not quite.

Matthias Miller  40:21
He's Perry's LinkedIn outbound guy. He Himself will say he told me privately, I mean, yeah, he's like, Yes, I get outbound. It's what I do for people, even I am doing everything I can to push inbound, yeah, and so build the email list. I don't know what all it is, the magic traffic solution that everybody likes to talk about, the magic outbound solution. I mean, I don't know,

Speaker 2  41:06
and this is all in the scope of fractional CFO, yes. Um, are you familiar with that guy named Daniel Priestley? No, okay, so several years ago, in Mike Rhodes Google Ads group, nope, in a different Google Ads group, but still vaguely connected to Planet Perry, there was a bunch of fellows that talked about him. I never heard of him before. I bought his book and then, sadly, never read it. It's literally sitting unread on the bookshelf behind me, but my understanding is this fellow is the king of Hold on a second. Let me see if I can read you his I you over subscribed. How to get people lining up to do business with you? How would it feel to turn away business because you have too many customers wanting to buy? We would all love to be so highly in demand that clients chase us, not the other way around with numerous, yeah, okay, blah, blah, blah, seven principles for creating demand, that ouster supply. Now, now I, again, I got this fellow's name and book, and he has a bunch of other stuff from a group of loosely planet, very related people who said that, like, this was the thing. This guy really knows what he's talking about. He's been around a pretty good long time. And, in fact, funny story, supposedly, one of this guy's companies bought the bucket IO software that Ryan Levesque developed for ass last year. So he must be, must be doing pretty good somehow in order to be able to purchase an already developed SAS platform. Yeah, I'll send you a link or something, um, or the platform, but maybe there's something in there for you.

Matthias Miller  43:19
Well, I just do you legitimately think that there's some silver bullet in here?

Speaker 2  43:26
I don't think there's a silver bullet, but it's always possible someone has some good perspective and insight that would help. That's fair.

Unknown Speaker  43:37
Think I have the book somewhere, probably my Kindle. I on,

Unknown Speaker  43:47
okay, trying to

Speaker 2  43:51
look for it real quick before I forget. Um, yeah, I found it. Yeah. I'll just send this over to you, and if you think something of it great, if not great, either way, yep, all right. Well, thanks for the time, and it actually was helpful. So good. I'll see what I can talk Micah into or out of okay, all right, yep, good luck. Thanks. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai