Speaker 1  00:07
Wait for people to join in. Welcome, welcome. We're going to give it a couple of minutes because obviously we're a little bit early here, and I just want to make sure everyone gets in on today's call. We have lots to cover today. All right, just make sure everyone is. You guys can hear me, okay. Volume is okay? All right. I'm having some yard work done. So if, like, you hear a wit like a leaf blower or something going on in the background, it's, it's not a chainsaw, just just so you guys know, I was on a call earlier, and people were like, uh, is it still Halloween over there? Um, all right, let me just make sure everyone is yeah, sorry, gotta answer this message real quick. Make sure everyone is on the right link. Get yourself settled. If you want to have a snack, grab a water. Do what you need to do. All right, there we go. Okay, give you guys just a couple more minutes. I'm excited for today's call, because I feel like this is the call that almost everybody was was waiting for. I feel like this is the call that the entire cohort was, was kind of started from everyone. Everyone wanted to make sure that the messaging component is, is covered. Jess, so today is the mentorship, or Q and A, it's mentorship. So today is going to be the last kind of teaching style lesson. So it's going to be the last time I'm going to be talking at you guys for a long time with a whole bunch of new information for you to digest. I know already, like the program has been a lot, but I feel that the first three to four weeks of this program was so focused on the internal aspects of what your brand needs to have in place so that you can start building that foundation and starting with your marketing. What we're going to be covering today is going to be leaning towards the marketing component. So we're not going to be talking about marketing in particular today, but we're going to be talking about messaging. And this is the piece that really ties everything together. From the perspective of now that we're clear on what your problem is that you solve, who the people are that you that you serve, what are the needs, the demands that you're going to be, you know, fulfilling in your space. Now it comes to the piece where we want to actually message this to our people. So I just want to make sure everyone is getting on Yes, yes, yes. Okay, let me just move some things around so that I can see your faces and the chat at the same time. There we go. Katie says, so sad, yeah. And I mean, the program was already supposed to be short, I feel like I extended it to, like, fit in more content. But then there's even more that I want to get into. And I've kind of find myself having to, like, hold back, especially today, because we're going to be talking about messaging, which is like, the thing that people come to me for. And as you guys know, like, I have a whole 12 month long mentorship that is all about messaging. So I have to kind of restrain myself from wanting to teach 12 months worth of content in one sitting. So this is this is going to be a challenge for me too, to like not just overwhelm you guys, but with all the things. But before we dive in, I have a couple of announcements and stuff I want to get into for what you guys can expect for the next couple of weeks. And so before we get into that, I want to hear from you guys, not just in terms of what you guys, you know have learned or or picked up from from this program so far, but when it comes to messaging, and when it comes to communicating the thing that you do, we're communicating the the result, or communicating the outcome, or putting content pieces out there that really encapsulate the entirety of what you do with your clients. What are some of the points of resistance that come up for you guys? There's, there's some questions that have been put into the group that I'm going to be answering. Jeffrey, you're one of them. I think Jen Jess, like, there's a couple of questions that I saw being put into the group that I want to come back to and answer specifically from a messaging perspective today, but I just kind of want to get an overall consensus of where is everybody at when it comes to messaging? What are things that come into your mind? What are points of resistance? What are some stuff that you feel are a little tricky when it comes to the messaging piece, and feel free to either unmute yourself or put something in the chat, whatever, whatever you feel comfortable with.

Speaker 2  04:23
Yeah, I'll pipe up here. What's coming up for me is resistance around wanting to post, because I have this attachment to what will people think? Will there be a backlash? So that's

Speaker 1  04:42
I'm going to go, can I touch on this? Because there's, there's a few other people that have brought this up throughout this cohort as well, around the backlash. I'm curious to know what specific backlash for you, Marsha, are you afraid of, what, what? What's the, what's the the fear of what people are going to say, or what is the backlash in particular? You're afraid of

Speaker 2  05:02
should I respond to what they post? Or do I just continue on and just sort of just be neutral about it, like I put up a post last night about people I took a stand about the crap that people give out to children on Halloween. Okay? And I also did a live around it, and I had people saying, well, you know, people have weight problems because we have to teach kids moderation. Well, you're, if you're feeding kids poison or something that's toxic, are you going to be moderate with that sort of thing? You know, that's just an example, yeah. And the other thing too is, what if they don't like me? Now, I know that sounds like something a six year old would say, but there it that is still that tape is running. If you really want me to be honest,

Speaker 1  05:59
anyone else relate to that? Anyone else, anyone else kind of feel a little bit like they're afraid of the backlash, they're afraid of how they're going to be perceived, or what people are going to think? Yeah, some yeses, some some nos. So this is a really big topic, and I would even say that this is deep, deeper than just messaging itself. This is this comes back to conviction, which, again, is the nexus point of your entire brand, and everything that you do, that you speak, that you create, all comes back down to how convicted you are in yourself. One of the biggest things that I try to do in my business, and the types of people that I try to attract are people who are aspiring thought leaders. And by thought leaders, I mean these are people who are looking to create some level of change in the way that something is done in their industry. So this means providing a solution, providing a new perspective, starting a movement, wanting to have some sort of idea more widespread, adopted in their industry, and more often than not, these thought leaders have perspectives and viewpoints and solutions that go against the norm. They're counterintuitive. They're kind of pushing against the mainstream agenda. And so I get this question a lot around the backlash, and what I have learned, not just from my own personal experience, but what I've supported clients with as well is that the fear of backlash has very little to do with the actual solution that you have, or what, with the actual words, or what, what the thing is that you're doing with clients, and it has so much more to do with your own belief and your own conviction about that solution and about yourself. So your ability to be able to defend and to stand really firmly on that stance. There's multiple different things that play into building that conviction, obviously, as we know, having clarity on that message, having conviction on what exactly is it that you're that you're standing for and standing against and there's a lot of micro, I should say, like, kind of, like micro resistances that come up in the psyche when we're taking a stand for something, when we're putting ourselves out there, when we are, you know, showing up from a place of service. There's, there's a lot of vulnerability that we need to face. This is why we say, and we've said in this program as well, entrepreneurship and putting yourself out there is probably one of the biggest hurdles, or one of the biggest mirrors to your own personal development that there is, because we'll learn that it's it's not about the message, it's not about the audience growth. It's not about like, how many of these products can I sell? It's so much more about, can you stand in conviction in the thing that you actually do with clients or the thing that you want to be known for. And in my opinion, and also experience, I feel that the more we repeat and the more that we practice and put in the reps and build the evidence for taking a stand for the things that we believe in, the more strongly we can stand in them, even when they're controversial, or even when they go against the masses. Now this doesn't mean to just push through the resistance and just get it done anyway. Going back to what we spoke about with Dana on her call, we want to micro dose. We want to micro dose the safety. We want to show our nervous system that it's safe to stand up for what we believe in. We also want to develop this belief that what we stand for goes beyond just the post, or just beyond what we're posting on social media when we're connected to something greater than just that one idea, but when we realize that we have a mission that we're connected to and that we're trying to move that agenda forward, it takes us out of the picture. We no longer worry about how we as individuals are being perceived. But instead, we're dedicated to this mission. And think about any great figure in, you know, in history that has driven things forward in society. Think about Nelson Mandela. Think about Mahatma Gandhi. And, I mean, those are just big figures. There's been 1000s of these people that have created some level of change, whether it's at a small scale or big scale. They've always been controversial figures that have faced a lot of backlash, but the reason why they were able to separate themselves and not take these attacks personally is because they stood for something greater, an idea greater than themselves. It wasn't about, how am I going to be perceived? Are people going to like me? And it's so much more about, am I taking a stand for something I believe in? In this space, we spoke about this a little bit last week, about how you are not your brand. Your brand is an extension of you, but when people don't agree with your ideas, or when people have different perspectives that might clash with where you're at that is not a personal attack on you, although our nervous systems perceive it that way, right? We see it as, oh, there's something wrong with me. When I post something and I get a whole bunch of people saying, I strongly disagree, and this is foolish, it it can burn a little bit at first, but because I've put in so many of those reps of creating the controversial standpoints that I recognize that this is not about me, this is not a personal attack. This is about me defending an idea that I think needs to be put out there, regardless of how people view it. And the last piece of building this conviction I actually posted about this last night is the confidence that you have in your ability to defend your standpoints when we are effective communicators, meaning when we understand how to formulate arguments, how to build the case for something, how to debate, how to point out logical fallacies, we develop a much, much stronger muscle when It comes to actually standing up for the things we up for the things we believe in. Because, again, it's not about defending yourself. It's about defending the argument when you understand how to take your ideas and your streams of consciousness and form them into these coherent, bite sized chunks of you know, of arguments. That's what builds conviction. One of the things that I did very, very early on, and I mean, this is probably when I was still in university, when I was actually thinking I was debating about going into law school, because I was like the queen of debate in my philosophy classes, like nobody, nobody wanted to go up against me. They were terrified, because people would go up against me, and they're like, there's we can't win. And one of the things that I did to practice this is I wanted to debate the other side. And I think this is saying, because for those of you who are in the States today, there's the elections going on, right? And I haven't really been following as closely as I maybe should, maybe, because I'm not allowed into the country. But there's a lot of there's a lot of negative viewpoints on both sides, and a lot of polarizing viewpoints on both sides. And a lot of people get emotionally connected to, you know, what side they believe in. One of the things I kind of urge my clients to do is to actually practice debating for the other side, practice defending the other side. What this does is that emotionally disconnects you from what you personally believe in, and it it makes it about how to formulate arguments, how to express thoughts in ways that make logical sense. And it becomes a lot less about let me defend myself and my viewpoint and what I believe in. Yeah, Kevin says you've been thinking about going to debate classes honestly as a retired copywriter, my ability to debate probably surpassed any sort of marketing training that I took when it came to taking a stand for what I believe in. I used to watch hours and hours of criminal defense attorneys presenting their opening statements to juries and then their closing statements to juries. Those, if you can, like, find them on YouTube or watch them through documentaries. Are the best ways to see how to evoke emotions when a criminal defense attorney is defending someone who's on trial for murder or for, you know, slaughtering multiple people, sorry for the morbid example. Here it is astonishing how you can turn a jury completely by using logic and emotion and storytelling and appeal to values. Those are the ways that you can actually start developing your conviction. That's how you start developing the the ability to stand up for an idea. And again, you make it a lot less about you, and you make it more about the actual argument itself. Next week, we have a call with Hayley Lloyd coming up, and her and I were actually going back and forth a little bit yesterday on what we're going to be covering. And it's all going to be about developing inner conviction and what she calls inner authority. And she's developed a whole model around how to actually become. Grounded in your thoughts and ideas, because it's a lot less about the external expression of the brand and a lot more about you being firm in what you stand for before going out to express that, I feel like, is the kind of like the crux of messaging. It starts with you, and that the more you dig deeper into the different layers of what you want to be known for, the more you're going to hit points of resistance that become far more about your own personal way of of standing firm on something, and it becomes a lot less about like, what words do I use to convey this message? All right, Jen, I see your hand is up.

Speaker 3  15:41
I really want I was just typing. I agree with you, Marcia, 100% that's been one of my things, and I would, I'll just give my two cents. This is what I'm going to say, but I'll say what I was going to say about this. The more I understand the building of the case and not making them wrong for how they've been behaving, or what they've been doing, or, you know, just the idea of, like, giving out candy. I mean, it's kind of a collective idea that we've kind of agreed upon and so, but yeah, the more we can build the case and not make them wrong for behaving the way that they're behaving. Gives them the space to start making a more informed decision if they can see a different way. But whenever we make something wrong for people, or make them feel like they're doing something wrong, it can definitely, definitely put that defense up and make them, you know, react in a negative way towards us. So that's one of the things I've definitely learned from you. Permeez, I would say. And this is probably just speaking to this group, and being in your energy is just, I have less and less concerns about messaging than I've ever had in my entire business than I do right now, just because I do feel so much more convicted, and I'm starting to see where all of the pieces go. So like, right now I'm not producing a ton of content, and I'm perfectly okay, and I feel safe in that, because I know right now I'm taking in so much information, and I'm still processing and moving through that. So there's no guilt in the fact that there's nothing getting produced, because I know when the time is right, it'll all flow, and it'll all have its place, and it'll go where it needs to go. So I feel a lot of a lot of my messaging issues, a lot of the things where I was struggling, as far as thinking I wanted to be a better communicator, which there's always ways we can improve, yes, but really just feeling grounded and having these pieces and knowing where they go is really creating that sense of security and safety. So yeah,

Speaker 1  18:00
thank you for sharing that that that pretty much sums up the entire, I would say, premise of this program, because where most people think that they have a messaging and a communication issue, what they really have is a brand identity and a solidity issue. Most people who come to me looking for support on you know, what types of content do I put out? How do I position my offer? What do I talk about? What what types of messaging do my audience members need to be exposed to to see me as an authority? All of those questions point me to one thing and one thing only, a lack of conviction and a lack of clarity on exactly what it is that makes you different, what it is that you solve, what the need is that you are fulfilling for people. And like you said, Jen, when you have clarity on these different elements, it almost feels like the messaging just flows out of you, like that, the pieces of words and ideas and fragments of thoughts start to just pour out of you without you having to overthink it. So the clarity aspect of your brand, and everything that you guys have learned in this program so far, regardless of whether you found clarity on all the elements yet or not, once those elements become clear, the messaging pieces become less heavy. They become less like you stop overthinking it inside neuro message, I have a weekly copy and content feedback thread where people post their their, you know, whatever it is that they've worked on, and I give them feedback. And in the beginning of when people start the program, they're posting a lot of things for feedback, but I've noticed around the two to three month mark, a lot of people stop posting things for feedback. And it's not because they don't want my feedback anymore, but it's because they've developed a skill set to know that what they're posting is is good, or they no longer need the permission from me to be like, hey, is this good? Hey, did I miss anything? Am I hitting the mark with my message? That is the goal. The goal is for you to get so solid and firm in what it is that you stand for, in who it is that you help, what it is that you solve. What are the ways that people can experience transformation when they work with you, that you know what you need? Say in order for people to buy so thanks for sharing that, Jen, I think that's that's a really important message for other people to kind of know as well. The clarity is key. Awesome. Gus, I see your hand is up.

Speaker 4  20:13
Now. You figured it out. Yay. I'm figuring it out. I felt like a dinosaur asking, yeah, so what I was going to say about where I find resistance is that I'll have a flow, I'll have a kind of stream, a flow, and everything is and then I find that I'm like, gosh, I feel like I'm over. I'm saying, Am I saying the same things again? Am I repeating myself? Because, you know, early you've talked about finding all the different angles to the same thing, and I feel like maybe that's still a skill I'm working on. I'm really pulling out the different pieces so that they just feel different, even though I'm actually talking about the same thing. So then I get into this overthinking, you know, so I think I need to build my skills in finding the angles, maybe building the case, like you're saying earlier, and then I think including all the pieces that I need to make that piece of content effective if I am trying to create that demand.

Speaker 1  21:11
Yes, yes. Okay, so we're going to partially cover that. What you just said in today's in today's lesson, the the piece about figuring out all the different angles of how to speak to about the same thing, but just in different ways, that is a skill that takes a little bit of time. You guys have heard me say that your message or your online presence is an ecosystem. It's not necessarily just a single idea that is being conveyed over and over and over again, like repeatedly. It is multiple different ideas that are all leading and building the case that to reinforce the same idea. There's ways that I can that I can kind of share with you guys, maybe even later on this call of how to start thinking about that. There's a couple of prompts and stuff maybe I can share in the group that can help you with that. But the one thing that I'll leave you with is, if you had to think about putting yourself in the shoes of your ideal client. So putting yourself in the shoes of the person that would really benefit from working with you, you want to ask yourself, what are the myths? What are the misconceptions? What are some of the beliefs that they currently have? What are some of the day to day obstacles or challenges that they are facing that is related to what you solve. What are the ways that they are going about trying to solve it on their own, and why are those things not effective? You also want to talk a little bit about the end transformation, and what is it that you know makes this transformation and the way that you create that transformation so different than what already exists. So these are all different ways that you can start asking yourself, like, if I was in the shoes of the ideal client, what would I need to know about what I do that would help facilitate the decision making process of, oh, I need her help again. Like I said, there's, I mean, I've got, I've got so many lessons in this. Like, it's so hard for me to like, have to give you guys, like, the the Cole's Notes version to like, fit into this call. There's so many different ways that we can go about this, but it is takes a little longer, I would say that it usually anywhere between maybe three to four weeks of playing around with their core message to actually feel solid and understanding the different angles. So it's going to take a little bit of time, but hopefully today's lesson is going to kind of clarify some of that for you. Thank you. All right, Kevin, your hand is up.

Speaker 5  23:47
Yes, hi. So my main resistance is that, because I'm not clear yet about all my elements. I mean, I am kind of clear, but it's still like, I want to workshop it with you in the on the Q and A. So I'm like, I got some questions, but because I'm not clear, so I'm still adopting your voice, right? I'm using, for example, today, I I uploaded a video on LinkedIn, and I was like, yeah, if you have some wobbles. And I was like, Oh, shit. Like, that's for me. Fuck. And because, because I'm like, adopting your voice. I'm like, I feel bad about expressing my new angle, because I feel like it's so shaky and wobbly that because I'm not convicted in it, and so it's gonna come across through my content, and people are gonna feel it, and gonna be like, Oh, who's this funny motherfucker? Right? It's like, I'm still, I'm still feeling like I don't have the right, or I don't have the

Unknown Speaker  24:45
it's not the right, but it's not, I don't want to phrase it like I don't,

Speaker 1  24:51
yeah, it's, it's basically you haven't yet developed your own voice that has stemmed out of new solution, in this new angle that you've created. It. And so it's easy for you to gravitate towards maybe some of the things that I'm saying, because it resonates with you at a very deep level. So some words that I'm using, you can see that it overlaps with what you help your clients with. So then when you go to produce content, you kind of like you're not copying, but it just it just so happens that you end up using that word or that phrase or that term. So what I would recommend that you do in in kind of this pre branding self exploration phase of where you're at, you can borrow my voice until you find your own meaning. It's not that you're being phony because it you would be phony if what you were teaching, or the words that were you were using are not actually in integrity with what you yourself actually practice the words that I have come to are actually not my words. They're words that clients have used, that I have adopted. And so over time, when you get feedback on your content, or when you create dialog with clients, or when you create discussions in your comment sections, you'll soon be able to pick up on the different elements of what people are saying. So if you get on, you know, let's say market research calls or connection calls, and you start to ask people certain questions, or you start to have discussions about what are the points of resistance that they are feeling, you will start to notice patterns in how they are describing their problem and how they are expressing to you what resonated about your content, and from that, you'll be able to extract your own terms in your own language, but that happens when you actually are engaging with your audience, so your message further clarifies itself, and your voice further clarifies itself the more you put things out there. If you wait until Kevin's voice is just like downloaded from the heavens, you're going to be waiting forever, so you're going to have to create in order to practice and and find what it is that you do differently, right? Yeah, yeah. Okay, thanks. No problem. All right, one more question. Sasha, you've got a question here, and then we're going to jump into the actual lesson. So question is, I can't unmute, but we'll have some ideas and help on what you mean by speaking to desires, and how to frame what you do as a thing that they need, especially in a saturated place. I have a whole worksheet that I'm going to go through today that's going to be talking exactly about that, so stay tuned. Alright, guys, so I'm going to be going through today's lesson, and like I said, it is quite concentrated. Again, like everything that you guys have learned in this program, I don't expect you to have all of the answers and know exactly what you need to be talking about and how to frame your message right away. This is going to be something that I would say probably this is the most practical lesson out of everything that you guys have taken away, and it is an exercise that I want you guys to come back to at various different levels of your brand iteration. So the more clear you get on what your thing is, and the more clear you get on what your ideas are, what your the you know the scope of demand is, I want you guys to consistently come back to this and refine. So we want to make sure that you guys are keeping mind one of two things. What I'm going to be talking about today is not content, it's your message. And if you guys remember from the very, very first lesson that we had, I did the breakdown of the difference between your message, messaging, copy and content. You guys remember that. I'm going to give you guys a quick refresher so that you know what to expect from today's lesson and also how to apply it. Up until now, you guys should have received a little bit more clarity on what the core message is of your brand, right? So the core message being, what is the thing that you solve? What is the thing that you become known for, what is the anchor point of what your main idea is that you want to convey to your clients or through your marketing efforts, that is your core message. If you guys review your notes from the ownable specialty, remember, we said like there's this one idea that you're known for, and then there's the brand amplifiers that all talk about the different ways that make you different from other people in your space. That's the message. Okay, that's the anchor point. Next we're going to be talking about messaging, which is what we're going to cover today. So messaging is not the specific content pieces. It is not the specific like actual videos or posts that you're going to be making, but messaging is rather the overarching understanding of how to speak to your clients in a way that is tangible and relevant to them. So your messaging is going to inform your content. When you're clear on your messaging, that essentially means that you'll be clear on how to describe the problem or the need in a way that your audience understands. You'll understand how to describe your method, your mechanism or your process again, in a way that your audience understands, and you'll also be able to trans communicate the transformation. So what is. That people are going to take away from working with you. So what we want to make sure that we're doing is we're clear on these three elements before we go to write content. Because the biggest issues I see from content that doesn't convert or copy that is not making any sales is that people haven't done messaging work yet. They're just focused on the words like, what do I need to put in my post? What do I need to create that get people to see me as the authority? What do I need to say for people to buy my offers, but without the clarity on the three different elements of your messaging, it becomes really hard to create content. So that is what we're going to be covering today, and just for the sake of getting through everything and making sure that you guys are clear, I'm not going to be really looking at the chat throughout the lesson. If you guys have questions, take a note of them and then drop them in the chat when I pause and prompt you to ask the question only because, like I said, there's a lot we're going to get through, and your question is probably going to be answered at some point during today's call. If not, we will always come back and we can answer it at the end. And if I don't get to answer it, we have a Q and A that's going to be happening next week. Sorry, not next week, this Friday. And if there's anything that comes up, even after today's call, as you go through the exercise, you can always just drop it in the Q and A thread, and we can brainstorm together then. So I don't want you guys to feel like I'm not going to get to your question today. All right, we have those Q and A's specifically for brainstorming and for individual feedback, and very quickly, the two announcements that I wanted to make for next week is, as I mentioned, we have that training with Haley that is happening Monday evening. I know for some of you that are in the European Time Zone, it'll probably be very late, but Haley lives in in Australia. So we we had to find a time that works for for both of us. And then the other thing I was going to mention that I'm going to do is I mentioned that by the end of this cohort, I'm going to give you guys an opportunity to submit pieces of content or copy for me to review next Tuesday. I'm going to have a thread posted at some point this week inside the group, and if you have worked on a specific piece of content, or a, let's say, a short brand script, or something that you want me to look at, as long as it's not some big, long like, you know, sales page, or something that's out of the scope of this program. If it's a short landing page that talks about your offer, that's fine. But if we're looking at, like a 17 page sales page that would be out of scope, or if we're looking at, like a massive masterclass, I'm not going to be giving feedback on, like, PowerPoint slides or anything like that. I'm going to urge you guys to put it on a Google document and post it in the thread that I'm going to post in the group next Tuesday. I'm going to go through and I'm going to record a Zoom video on my own, going through all the different content pieces, and I will post that for you guys so that you get live feedback. Alright, so that's going to be one day only, so that will be what it'll be November 12. So if you post something in the group before November 12, I will give you my personalized feedback on that specific piece of content. And I wanted to make sure that we actually have today's call in place first, because whatever we're going to learn today, I'm assuming you guys are going to be applying it to that piece of content. Alright? Everyone's clear on that. I'll also post a reminder in the group for those of you, or for for those who actually aren't on the call today. Alright, so let's get into the actual lesson from from today. So like I mentioned, your message is a thing that informs your content. So the three things that it does is that it helps position you

Unknown Speaker  33:29
your offer

Speaker 1  33:31
and the transformation in the minds of the right people. And of course, for the messaging to be effective, we want to make sure that we're clear on who we're speaking to. We want to be clear on the problem that we solve. We want to be clear that there's actually demand. So all of the things that you guys have learned so far in this program are going to be things that you're going to be going back to to actually create the messaging now, there's three core mistakes that I see people making when it comes to their messaging and even some of the questions that have been asked in this group today, not just today, but just throughout the course of this program, I see falling into these three kind of messaging mistake categories. And if you're making these three mistakes, it doesn't matter how good your presence is, or how nice your visuals are, or how great your offer is that you've worked you've worked on no matter how many times you post or how consistent you are, people are not going to understand why they need to buy from you. So let's get into it. Get your notepads ready. The first messaging mistake is that you are meeting your audience where you are at, not where they are at. So in other words, you're speaking to the problem that you know that they have, rather than the symptoms of what they are experiencing. And what this does is that it leaves them unsure why they need to be paying attention to. In the first place. So I'm going to give you guys a couple of examples of this. When you speak to the root cause problem, it's as if you're speaking to let's say, Hey, you have limiting beliefs, or, you know, you have you go through cycles of self sabotage, or you have underlying gut issues. Now, most of the time, the people that we want to reach and the people that we want to help don't actually have clarity on the different elements, or they don't actually have clarity on the root cause of their problem. And so when we speak to the root cause of the problem. We are using coach speak or practitioner speak. It's very niche language that only people who are very far into their awareness journey actually understand, and so it becomes very difficult for them to know why, to pay attention to our content, to our posts, when they themselves have not yet identified that that is the problem.

Speaker 1  36:10
So what we want to make sure that we're doing is that we're meeting people where they are at in how they are experiencing the problem. If I'm speaking about messaging, I wouldn't say that, hey, you have a brand identity issue, or hey, if you want clarity on your brand identity, I've got this offer for you, because most people don't even know that they don't have clarity on their brand identity until they build the case for it. What I will talk about is the fact that they might be looking to other people's content for inspiration. What I will talk about is the fact that they might be getting unqualified leads, or just no leads whatsoever. They might be showing up and posting and posting and expanding onto different platforms, and nobody is reaching out to wanting to work with them. So I'm speaking to their experience. I'm not speaking to the problem. And I know this might seem a little obvious for many of you, but I guarantee like I'm doing content audits on a weekly basis. This is probably the number one thing that I see happening, where I see people saying, you know, Hey, you are lacking financial literacy, or you're lacking, hey, you have this problem, but that person that they're trying to reach have not, has not yet identified that That is their problem.

Speaker 1  37:39
Okay, number two, the second mistake I see people making is that they're speaking to the wrong level of awareness and the wrong level of market sophistication. And this piggybacks off of the first one. Here's what I mean by this, and we're getting a little little more complex with our with our messaging with our messaging lesson here, when you are speaking to a person who is an ideal candidate to want to work with you, we want to make sure that that person has identified their need to want to invest to solve A problem, one of the biggest reasons why people are posting consistently and they don't see the conversions is that they're trying to speak to the person who has not yet decided that the problem you solve is something that they want to invest into or that they want to pay to solve. And so what ends up happening is you end up becoming an online encyclopedia for trying to educate people on why this is a problem that they need to solve, why they need to invest into XYZ. So bad, why they need meditation, so bad, why they need a gut healing protocol, so bad. Why they need to invest into a messaging mentor, so bad, when you're speaking to the person who is not yet aware, or who has not yet made the decision that what they want to do is something that you offer, it's going to be a lot heavier on you to have to create that awareness and then get them to commit what we want to do instead is to speak to the person who has already decided that they have an issue that they want solved. You want to be speaking to the person who has identified with their symptoms and is actively looking for a solution, because it's a lot easier to speak to the person who is aware of what needs to be fixed or what needs to be changed, or aware of the actual desire than the person who is completely unaware of what's going on for them. This is where we go into the demand capture, rather than trying to convince and persuade. Aid and like, really prove ourselves and prove why what we do is is needed and necessary. Again, you'll be spending a lot more time warming an audience up, rather than just capturing the people who've already decided that they need to change. And mistake number three, you this is where I see practitioners and coaches focusing too heavily on the mechanism that they use or what is actually going to happen inside their containers, rather than speaking to the outcomes. And I've seen a couple of discussions happen in the group around this as well, where we're talking about outcome based messaging, people want to understand what's in it for them. They want to understand what is the clear and distinct before and after. They want to understand that you as the practitioner, can see what they're currently either struggling with, or what are they're currently challenged with, or what are they what's their current state right now? And where is their desired state? Where do they want to be? And even if you're not using pain point marketing, even if you're not someone who is using or, you know, solving a massive problem. Even if you're facilitating a transformation where it's more desire based, it's more experience based, people still need to understand the tangible takeaways of what they are going to either expect or experience, feel or reach as a result of investing with you. I've said this multiple times on these calls money only exchanges hands when value is being exchanged. Now, whether that value is in the form of a service, whether it's in the form of a transformation, people are not actually buying the thing that you do with them. They are buying the actual the transformation of what their expectations are of what they want to reach. So when we spend too much time trying to build the case for you know why people need six sessions of EFT to see results, again, we're getting too into the coach speak. We're focusing too much on what we do and the importance of what we do, rather than why they should care. Now I'm going to pause for a second, and Jeffrey, you had posted a question in the group, actually two questions in the group, and I said, I'm going to come back to it, because I felt that it kind of fit within the gist of what we just spoke about here. So your first question was around, you know, you can really get deep into the like, the neuroscience of of change. You can get really deep into, you know, the different components of what happens when people meditate, and how they actually develop this ability to like, become more emotionally resilient. And you were asking, Well, how much of that do I need to actually educate them on, is that right? Was that

Speaker 6  43:03
correct? The idea of talking, talking around the subject, kind of like the wheel model that you had, it seems, it seems, well, it seems like walking around the block to get next door.

Speaker 1  43:13
Yes, yeah. So here's my response to that. People need to understand the benefit of the mechanism. They don't necessarily need to get their PhD in the mechanism. And what I mean by that is, when you're speaking around the topic, it doesn't mean that you don't go straight for here's what we do and here, here's how it benefits you. But much like what I said earlier to I think it was Gus when we were talking about the different elements of how to speak from different angles, we want to make sure that people understand why your mechanism is relevant to their goals. Why is it relevant to something that they are already looking for a solution to? So it's less about educating them on all the different aspects of what happens in their mind, what happens in their body, why it's necessary, and kind of going through all of the science of what it is that you do. But what we do want to do is we want to help them understand that what they are experiencing right now is due to certain root causes, certain problems that you have adequate knowledge on, and that your solution is something that is feasible to helping them move away from where they're at now towards where they want to be. So when I talk about speaking around the thing or speaking around the message, we don't want to overly educate them on the mechanism. We instead want to paint a picture of what their life is going to look like if they were to adopt our mechanism.

Speaker 6  44:47
Does that land? It does. And I've been working on the on the before and after quite a bit, but which I mentioned in that in that big old, long question. So thanks for reading the whole thing. Because. It's like, it's so easy if you have, like, a before and after picture, but a before and after picture with meditation is just the same person looking the same. There's nothing else there, and so you have to, like, describe what it's going to be. And I've been thinking about that idea. I actually the first question was, I asked you to sell me on the idea of needing to do this just because it's like, if someone wants to run. It's like, just go run. You don't need to know all the biomechanics of it at first. Maybe useful to learn later. But I was thinking about that and Bowerman, that was the co founder of Nike, part of what brought jogging, a major part of what brought jogging into the cultural awareness was his writing a book called jogging. So they literally did talk around it.

Speaker 1  45:40
Yes, and I think what needs to happen here in order for people to see the value of what you do, and I think this is relevant for everybody else as well. The example that he said, you know, in his question, is like, for example, if you have a a weight loss program right the before and after, is quite visual, and it is quite tangible, because you can see someone who is overweight and then they become fit, so that visual contrast creates desire in people's minds of being like, Okay, well, this is what the before was. This is what the after was. In the transformational space, our job now becomes to add tangibility through visual imagery and through experiential description. Here's what I mean when you're working with a mindset coach, and you go from or even a therapist, let's say when you're working with a therapist, there's no tangible change that happens on the outside, but the way that you experience life, and the way that you take in information, the way that you speak to yourself, the way that you view yourself, all of those things transform at a very deep core level. So while on the outside, the contrast doesn't seem very obvious, because the contrast is just simply, well, you still look the same. The job of the practitioner, or the job of the person who is now selling that service or selling that offer becomes to paint the picture of what was this person's life like before, and what is this person's life like now. So if you're, let's say, training people to become more emotionally resilient versions of themselves, what is it about their current situation that makes them less emotionally resilient? What are the day to day symptoms and scenarios and challenges, things that they are actively going through that make them less resilient? And after going through your program, or after working with you for some time, how is it that they would then approach those same situations and scenarios? So do you see how we want to create descriptions of the before and after? We want to make it vivid and visual for them to understand. And a little bit later in today's lesson, you guys are going to kind of get a bit of an idea of, like, examples of how to do this. I actually have, I've pulled a number of examples from from clients of mine, and how I've been able to do this for them. But keep in mind that for anyone who's in the intangible service space, anyone who's in the space where it's, it's experiential, there's no tangible before and after. It's not like you have no money now you have money. You are overweight now you are healthy weight, so it's it's not a very contrastable, easy to detect transformation. It becomes your job to describe the transformation from what they're experiencing in their everyday okay, it's very similar to how, when I talk about, like branding, even the program that you guys are in right now, your brand, or you as the individual, will still look the same before and after. It's not like you're going to walk away from this program with logos and a fresh website and like there's no tangible before and after that I can demonstrate to you guys, but what I can do is describe that if you are feeling unsure about how to describe the services that you you provide, if you are feeling wobbly on how to talk about your the transformation. If you are not receiving the level of demand that you know your business deserves, this program is going to help you basically reverse all that. So I'm painting the contrast between where you are right now and where you want to be. And I would even argue that the entire purpose of your messaging and the entire purpose of your social your social presence for service providers is exactly that is to create that gap in people's minds so that they can understand, wow, this person really sees me. They really understand me. They can really see that what I'm going through is, you know, this is it. And they can also understand where it is that I would like to be. Yeah, all right, let's keep going. So just to recap real quick what these three mistakes were, and by the way, guys there's, there's far more like levels of nuance and layers that I can peel back with this. But I think it would get overwhelming if I get into all of that. I think it's more important for you guys to kind of understand to kind of understand the overarching gist of what I want you to be more aware of when you are creating your messaging, so that we can start practicing doing the opposite. So the first one was that you were meeting your clients where you are at, not where they're at, meaning that you're speaking to the things that you know, that they struggle with, or you. Know is a problem, but they don't necessarily always identify with that. And I mentioned a little later, I'm going to give you guys a bit more some examples on that. The second one was that you're speaking to the wrong level of awareness. So you're speaking to the person who has not yet decided that they want help. So you're speaking to the person who is still like when you're thinking about like, the psychological stages of change. If you guys are not familiar with that, go Google it. You're speaking to the maybe pre contemplative stage, right, the person who has not yet even come to the knowing that that's a problem. So what we want to do is we want to speak to the person who has a even a subtle level of awareness of what their problem is, and maybe a subtle level of awareness of what their solution is. Jess, I said the Stages of Change, this is something, I mean, they use it in some coaching programs and whatnot, as well as when you're speaking with clients. You know, what stage of change are they at? Are they in the pre contemplative stage, where they haven't yet actually come into the knowing that they need to make some level of change? Are they in the contemplative stage? Have they decided where are they at on that level? And again, this is a really simple a very simple exercise is to just go back on the content that you've been producing and ask yourself, are you speaking to the person who has decided that they want to change, or is your content focused on convincing people why they need the thing you need to do? Stephanie, saying it's also called the buyer's journey and other circles, yeah. So the buyer's journey is actually an adaptation of the stages of change. It's not, it doesn't fit exactly. It's not like the same thing. The buyer's journey is focused a lot more on, you know, are they like? Aware? Not aware. And it kind of follows that level of, yeah, someone just posted it here. Awesome. But we really want to make sure that we're speaking to the problem aware, the solution aware. And then at the lower levels of awareness in the space, there's also the product aware, which, again, is it's someone that is, like, hyper educated on what exactly you do and why they need to choose you, but the majority of your content should be focusing on the problem aware and the solution aware. Person. Solution aware person. The more you focus on the completely unaware person, the more you feel like you need to do the convincing. This is also why you might be getting on sales calls, or you might be getting people in the DMS that you feel like you need to, like, really, really build the case for why they need to change. So we don't want to focus on them, all right? And the last mistake I said that people make is they focus too much on what the person actually needs to do, rather than focusing on what is the transformation, what is the before and after that people experience while working with you? So we really, really want to be clear, even if we're in an intangible space, to paint the picture of what the client's life is going to look like, so a very distinct before and after. Okay, moving on, there are six key ingredients that your messaging should do for your brand, and later on, we're going to get into kind of like the six pieces that you need to have clarity on before you create content. This is different. This is kind of like an overarching idea of when I when you look at your messaging as a whole, these are the six things, or the six key ingredients that make the message actually stick with people, because especially today, we are bombarded with messaging, right? We are bombarded with people in various different spaces, in very like whether it's health, business, personal development, well, being like whatever space you're in, you are not the only one who's offering what it is that you do, and other people might not be doing it like you do it, but you have to keep in mind that if you put yourself in the shoes of your ideal client, when they're scrolling online, when they're looking through ads, when they're looking at programs that they potentially want to invest into, they are bombarded with messaging that is trying to compete to capture their attention. So what we really, really want to make sure that we do is we understand the brain's filtration system and how the brain remembers and recalls which brands to pay attention to and which brands are just invisible. There's something I call invisible messaging. And invisible messaging happens when you consistently make these three mistakes that I just went through. So when you are not meeting clients where they're at, when you are trying to convince them of why they need to change, when they haven't yet decided, and when you are consistently talking about how maybe their life is going to be phenomenal and fulfilled and they're going to experience freedom and joy, but nobody actually. We can concretely see what the before and after is for the majority of people that I do messaging audits with, I kind of diagnose them as an invisible provider or an invisible brand. And what that basically means is that their message isn't communicating anything tangible and relevant to the ideal client. So if we're thinking from the perspective psychologically of how the brain remembers things, these are the six things your your message needs to do. The first one is relevance. And I know you guys have heard me say that word before, the key thing to remember with relevance is our brains remember things

Speaker 1  55:43
that are either relevant to a goal, a need, a pain or a desire. So when we are positioning what we do as a need to have, not a nice to have, we want to make sure that what we're speaking to is communicating to that primal desire that that person has, that primal pain that they want to get rid of. And this is why for so many of these calls, I've given you guys a bulk of questions to start reflecting on, what is the thing that people want to solve what is the thing they're coming to you for? Because they're not just coming to you for joy and freedom and abundance. Those are the things, the very overarching terms that that you know could encompass all of what you do, but it's not very relevant to the specific needs, goals, desires and pains of people. So when I'm going through someone's content, the very first thing I'm looking at is, if I were to put myself in the position of an ideal client, would I quickly grasp and understand why this person is relevant to me? What do they do that is relevant to something that I'm actively looking to solve that was relevance. Second key ingredient is specificity. This is where, when I'm giving content or copy feedback, I am constantly telling people, be more specific. Be more specific, I was doing a kind of like a content revision for one of my private clients today, and he said something somewhere in the middle of the post, which was basically like, what did he say? He said, Then I had to face myself. And once I faced myself, that's when everything changed. And I had to ask himself, what the heck does that even mean? He knows what that means, right? He in his mind, he knows whatever had to happen in order for him to face himself. But see how that's a very open to interpretation term. Anyone can say that, what does it mean to actually face yourself? So I asked him to get more specific with what exactly did facing himself entail. What did that actually look like? What did he have to change? What did he have to shift? What did he have to adopt to face himself and within the context of what he does for his clients, what does that mean for them? Like when he says, You must face yourself, what does that actually mean? What do they actually have to do? Kevin saying so much fluff and vagueness in the market drives me nuts. Yeah, there's a lot of fluffiness, and that is what puts you in that invisible category. You're not meant to be. I mean, people don't take action because you're saying. You're just using these very broad words that worked perhaps in like 2015 to 2018 when online marketing and digital marketing and selling services online was still very novel. You could have said something like, I will help you transform your life, and people would be like, Sign me up. Where do I give you my credit card information that doesn't work anymore, because it's very open to interpretation. And the more sophisticated the market gets, the more specific and precise we need to become with our messaging. Sasha, I see your hand is up.

Speaker 7  59:17
I'm off the train now. Yes. So for his post, like, how does it guys take twofold? Like, how would you change that post? Like, what he said, like, you to face yourself. Like, what would you include or change about that? And then, yeah, I'll start there for now.

Speaker 1  59:35
So I wouldn't know how to change that post, because whatever he meant by face himself is something subjective that he went through. So my role was simply to point out that this is very vague and fluffy and it doesn't actually communicate anything tangible or specific. So I wouldn't, I actually wouldn't know how to change that post, and that's the problem, because I wouldn't know how to change it. That means I don't actually understand what he means by act. I had to face myself, and so I would prompt him. With the question to then go further into, what did facing himself actually entail? What did he have to do? So he would fill in the blank for

Speaker 7  1:00:06
that. Okay, so it could be like you had, like looking yourself in the mirror, and be like you're being a lazy whatever. Would that kind of be still in that gap for

Unknown Speaker  1:00:19
so, so for this specificity,

Speaker 1  1:00:22
yeah, so for this person in particular, he's a transformational coach for men, and he helps men, like, remove the masks of you know, the things that they thought they needed to be, or the performative ways that they show up and so on and so forth. And this post in particular was about like, the need to remove the masks and no longer pretend to be someone that you're not. So when he said I needed to face myself, that would be an opportune time for him to then go deeper into what are the things that he actually helps men do that allow them to face themselves. So he could be like this meant taking a look, and I'm just making this up, by the way. I don't know if this is actually what he does, but he could say like this meant taking a look in the mirror and being honest with myself about where am I hiding my quirks. This could look like looking at the subconscious patterns and behaviors that I picked up from childhood that are now showing up in adulthood. This could look like the ways that I'm emotionally closed off to relationships so he's actually giving context to what facing himself actually meant.

Speaker 7  1:01:25
Got it? How would you, I think the problem that, like, I think I have, I think a lot of the students who try to do too much in one post, yes, of like everything, like an entire dissertation until one single post, yes. How would you kind of go about that and not feel like you have to put in every single thing that you do or help someone transform into a single LinkedIn post or Instagram post.

Speaker 1  1:01:49
Yeah, this is kind of like the bane of most people's existence when it comes to writing content. So the simple answer to this is, every time you sit down to write a piece, you're asking yourself, what is the thesis statement, what is the core idea I want to get across with this piece in particular, and Jen saying, build your ecosystem here. Yeah, exactly. You notice that your your message or your content is all segmented pieces of ideas, of thoughts, of perspectives, of solutions that build the overarching idea of what you stand for. So not every single post needs to cover the entirety of what you do with clients and what people need to know and how they need to work with you. That would be way too much, and the people who do do that just end up becoming endless sales pitches, like one after the next, right? It's just like sales pitch after sales pitch after sales pitch. Not everyone needs to understand every tiny detail of what you do on every single post. You instead want to ask yourself, what is the main intent of this post? What is the core idea that I'm trying to convey? And then that guides your decision, or that guides the way that you show up in that post in particular? And what you might notice is, as you start writing one post, there's another idea that spins off from that, and then you can go and create a secondary post on that idea, but trying to put all of that into one single post itself is a lot of

Speaker 7  1:03:09
pressure. Yeah, I feel like I have an idea, and then I kind of write that idea into the same post, and it ends up being all these different things. Yeah, I've been trying to segment it with, like, one idea per thing, but then I'm like, Oh, I'm missing out on people seeing it or resonating with a they might resonate on this one, but they might resonate on another one, I guess Exactly.

Speaker 1  1:03:33
Yeah. So what ends up happening is that you feel like you want to speak to everybody and everyone that can benefit from what you do in every single post. And I don't want you guys to think that way. If you guys remember, on one of the trainings, I think it was the one that I pre recorded for you on demand building I shared that spreadsheet that had, like, the different client archetypes and then the different questions to ask for the different archetypes. So what you can use that spreadsheet to do is to realize that there's different people facing different levels of problems. Not every single person that you work with is going to have all the same symptoms, all the same problems of what you solve. So what you want to make sure that you do is you're asking yourself, in this post in particular, who am I speaking to? What is the problem that this type of person has? And yes, you might leave some people out, but that's fine, because then you create another post that speaks to the other type of person, right? Not every single post is going to be viewed by everyone, and not every single post is going to resonate with everybody in your space, but that's okay. That is not your job to speak to everybody with every single post.

Speaker 8  1:04:28
Okay? This is like, thank you. Awesome.

Speaker 1  1:04:33
Alright, let's get into the third ingredient. So first, we had relevance. So why should I care what? What is it that you're doing for me that is relevant to something I want to either accomplish or solve. Specificity. So when you're reading through your content, when you're reading through your message, can people actually visualize what that means, what that means for them? So taking out any sort of broad, fluffy terms that are open to interpretation, the third aspect is tangibility. Now tangibility is the actual. Concreteness of something. So specificity would be, for example, instead of saying you wake up stressed and overwhelmed every day, you can say something like, you know, you wake up, you look at your phone and you're immediately filled with this rush of anxiety looking at how many emails and how many notifications you have to respond to. That's specificity. So you're getting really specific into the scenario. Tangibility comes with when you're describing the end results or the end scenario or the end outcomes that people can expect from you. Are those outcomes and takeaways tangible meaning? Again, are they open to interpretation, or are they speaking to the results that you know that you can produce? Or can people actually pinpoint exactly what they can expect to walk away with? So Jeffrey, I'm going to use you as an example, just because we spoke about you know what you do. Let's say emotional resilience is something that you can promise to people. People are not actually buying emotional resilience, because that's not very tangible, right? Emotional resilience can mean multiple things to multiple different people, and it's also a very broad category that can encompass multiple different ways that people can actually experience that transformation. I can also say that I help people become more emotionally resilient with their messaging, so that they don't fear backlash anymore, right? So that could be some way that makes it tangible to me and to my offer, but it might be looked different for other people, just by show of hands or or put in the chat. Like, how many other people could also promise a variation of emotional resilience? Yeah, many people can, right. So what we want to do is we want to add tangibility to the end outcome. So tangibility would mean to ask yourself, what is a very tangible scenario, or what is a very tangible instance that would add an image to what emotional resilience would look like for your people in particular. So the example of being able to process grief with more grace, or being able to, you know, receive negative feedback and have it just slide off of you and not internalize it, that's tangibility, because no longer are you saying, Hey, you're becoming more emotionally resilient. You're actually adding an a mental image where the person will go, oh, that's what like, that's what I do, or that's what I'm going to walk away with when I work with this person. So specificity, and I think some people get these two mixed up. They're basically communicating the same thing, but specificity is about making sure people can, like, visualize what you mean tangibility is, can they actually experience or feel what they're going to take away? So I'm not going to if, let's say you're a health coach. You're not going to say you're going to wake up feeling filled with boundless energy and vitality every day. You're going to say, for example, you're no longer going to wake up or roll out of bed and feel super groggy and have it take you two hours to feel human again before you can actually get on with your day.

Speaker 1  1:08:17
All right. Next piece of messaging, so relevance, specificity, tangibility. Now the fourth one is emotion connection. People remember things that they feel emotionally connected. We want to harness emotional connection, because if people don't emotionally feel drawn to what you are saying, it'll be very hard for them to kind of bookmark you as someone to pay attention to. So when we are making promises, or when we are describing the scope of our work, when we are talking about the various ways that people can experience transformation with us, especially when we're looking to add tangibility to that. We want to make sure that the examples that we're using or the words that we're choosing evoke some sort of emotional connection with people. So an example of this is, let's say I'm a relationship coach, or let's say I'm someone who, yeah, works, works with couples. Okay, I'm not going to say that you're going to walk away from my program having amazing communication skills and being able to communicate your needs to your partner. I could say that, and then that would be tangible, but I would want to add an emotional component to that as well. So what I would say is you are going to learn exactly how to express your needs to your partner, or how to express yourself in a way that you don't feel like you're holding back, and in a way that will evoke or that will encourage your partner to want. To listen to you and to show up for you in the way that you know you deserve just an example. So do you see how I'm taking something tangible and I'm adding an emotional piece to it, so that person is now understanding how what they are going to learn, or what they're going to take away from our work together is going to be relevant to what they emotionally desire. Sasha, I see your hand is up again.

Speaker 8  1:10:30
Sorry, I'm in a 32nd question for tan, for tangible, how do you navigate? Not wanting to assume what people are going through again. I think that's kind of something that's stopping me is not wanting to assume that someone's waking out of like waking up and then looking at their phone and being overwhelmed and all of that, but something I don't want to assume what they're going through, even though, because there's so many different options again.

Speaker 1  1:10:56
So if you know your clients well, and if you know the scope of work, of what you do. Well, it's no longer assumption. You are claiming that. So this again, comes back to conviction, where you can say, well, I don't know if they're actually going through that. Or you can say, I understand that if someone struggles with the problem that I solve, they are likely going through this and this and this challenge and this and this and this issue in their day to day. So it might leave some people out, but this is where you want to come up with, like, a whole repertoire of tangible scenarios, or a whole repertoire of outcomes, so that you can sprinkle those outcomes in to various posts. You're not going to be reusing the same scenarios over and over and over again. You could, to some degree, but you want to consistently be showing how it's going to be relevant to what you know your audience wants to experience. So as an example for this program, there's only a certain level of tangible outcomes I can promise you guys. But I know this was a while ago, but if you look at the sales page, there was maybe five or six different bullet points that basically talked about how after this program, you will have confidence in understanding what makes you different and how to position yourself differently amongst the sea of other practitioners doing the same thing, you will understand how to describe the value of your work in a way that evokes natural desire from ideal clients. So those were the tangible outcomes that I knew would be relevant to what I'm going to be teaching you guys and what I'm going to be covering in this program itself, and those could all look very different for various different people. Like not everybody is going to walk away from this program just based on what level you're at and how much you've actually applied the material. Not everyone's going to know exactly how to describe what it is that they do until they actually go through and, you know, consume and apply it and do the work. But what I know, and what I can stand really firm in is I know that if someone goes through these teachings and applies what I'm teaching you guys, they will most definitely know exactly how to differentiate themselves from other people in their in their field. So that is a tangible outcome that I have chosen for this program in particular. And keep in mind that we want to add that emotional component in there as well, right? So a lot of my messaging, especially around this program, focused on speaking to you guys about the the needs that I know that you have, like you, you're you're so close to being able to really stand in conviction and stand firm in what it is that you do, but you're feeling like something is missing, or you know that you deserve more business. You know that you deserve to get your message out there and have more people coming to you and wanting support and yada yada yada, but you just feel like you're feeling wobbly with the message. You're feeling like you're pulled in multiple different directions. So I also focused on building that emotional connection so that you guys feel heard and seen and understood we want. We don't want to get very mechanical with our message, where we're like, you're going to go from feeling super tired to no longer feeling tired. You're going to go from feeling super sad to like, no longer feeling sad. We want to build vivid imagery. And we want to build that like, emotional sense of like, oh, this person gets me. This is why a lot of the times in copywriting, we say we want to use sensory language. So what does that person see? What do they feel? What do they hear? How can we encompass the different elements of what they are experiencing and what they are desiring into the tangible outcomes that we promise?

Speaker 1  1:14:26
All right, relevance, specificity, tangibility, emotional connection. And then the fifth component is shared values. Shared values is not something that you like write a single post on and it's like, there we go. I talked about my values, but as you guys know, people make decisions to work with you based on how they see you showing up and how much they resonate with you as a person. We had a whole call on this last week, right? We talked about brand essence, and we talked about how it. It's not just the offer or the words that get people to convert, but it's like the overall feeling and gist that people get from who you are. This is where we want to make sure that we are actually showing parts of our personality and what we believe in, in our message, and this is where it becomes even more important to understand what we stand for and what we stand against. And yes, this might get some backlash. Yes, this might get a little bit of it. Basically, it either turns people on or turns people off from your brand. But that is a good thing. That is a good thing your marketing is meant to repel as much as it's meant to attract, and I know that that's something that takes people a little bit of time to adopt, especially people who are really passionate about what they do and they really want to serve, it becomes increasingly difficult for them to wrap their head around how they might have to be disliked by some people. They might actually have to turn certain people off from their brand. And so some of the exercises in the worksheet that I gave you guys last week is really going to help you get closer to what is the old paradigm, what is the old way of thinking? What are the conventional ideas that I strongly stand against, right? And I use myself as an example here, and I said, I take a really strong stand against very harsh urgency tactics, scarcity tactics, to make sales. I'm very much against the scaling at no cost, or at any cost type of thinking, the you know, I'm just going to create a program and it's going to passively make me money, and I'm not going to be involved like I'm very much against that way of operating a business. I'm for the person who is integrity based. I'm for the person who actually wants they have a mission that they want to lead forward. And so a lot of my content is also going to speak to how, if you want to work with me, or the people that want to work with me are mission led. They are not monetization LED. There are people who are looking to develop the skill set of marketing. They're not looking for the quick hacks and gimmicks of, how do I get clients as fast as possible, like yesterday? So infusing your beliefs in your content and infusing it in the message becomes a really key piece to attracting not just an audience, right? We don't want just everyone and anyone to be attracted to us. We want people who have similar values, shared values, people who see eye to eye with us. If you guys were strongly against my beliefs, this program would not go as smoothly as it has been. There would be lots of resistance. There would be lots of like, you know I can, I can pick up on what she's saying, but I don't necessarily believe in it. The reason why what I talk about resonates with you, or at least, I hope it resonates with you if you're still here, I hope it does. The reason why it resonates with you is because you we all collectively, have some shared beliefs around how we want to build our brands, and even in the marketing of this program. Many of the posts that weren't directly like making offers or selling you into this program, I was talking a lot about my beliefs, about how I want brands to think about building a foundation before going out and trying to sell and before going out and trying to do their marketing. I talked a lot about integrity based marketing. I talked a lot about why I don't believe in, like, income based claims and and things like that. And although those posts might not have directly sold this offer, it created that sense of community where people feel like, okay, I really resonate with how she thinks. I resonate with her world view. I resonate with how she expresses herself. And so therefore I'm more likely to want to invest with her, because I believe that there's common ground that we share. We're tribal beings. We want to work with people. We want to be around people that reinforce our beliefs and our true nature. And the last piece, the last ingredient, to good messaging is, do I trust this person? And trust is incrementally built. Trust is not I wrote this epic piece that talks about who I help, what I help them with you know, I've broken down my process, I've I've demonstrated my framework, and I've told them exactly what the offer is, and I put it out there, and now people can trust me. Trust is incrementally built by sharing insight and wisdom on the importance of adopting your way of doing things or in the importance of your solution over a period of time. And this is the piece that I think most people want to skip and bypass. And they just want to get to the sale, or they just want to get to the clients, or they want to get to the recognition or the views, or, you know, the growing your following. Mm. So this is where the message ecosystem becomes a key piece of building trust. Trust is the amalgamation of the consistency. So people seeing you show up on a consistent basis, sticking to your core message, so reinforcing that core idea from multiple different angles, and once people have been able to get some sort of value from you, I did a whole lesson, I think it was about two weeks ago, inside neuro message on the difference between advice and insight. Did I talk about this? Inside this group? I don't remember if I did. Did I talk about this? No, okay, advice versus insight. The way to build trust and demand for your offers is to create moments of insight in people's minds. And the difference between advice and insight is when you're talking about your expertise, when you're talking about what it is that you do, giving advice would be to give them the steps or to display exactly what it is that they need to do to see the change. It's kind of like blog style, teaching style, like, Hey, if you want to clarify your message, here are like three exercises that you can do. And when people think about value content or educational content, that's usually where they veer towards. They go towards teaching, right? They they go towards let me. Let me give you value. Let me give you value. But value, when given in abundance, in that form, does not actually create demand, because what you're essentially doing is you're saying, if you read this content piece and you if you apply it, I'm solving your problem. Solving your problem for you that does not create demand, that positions you as the category of, oh, this person is great to keep an eye on, because she gives a lot of value, but you don't consider actually buying from this person. The difference is you give value through insight, and that is what creates demand. Insight does one of two things. It either changes the way people view their problem, or it offers an alternative solution to what they have already considered. If you go through my educational content, I'm not actually teaching anything. I am but I'm not giving away steps and advice and lessons and things that you guys need to do. What my content does is that it shares insight. It shares how I want you guys to view your problem differently and what I want you guys to consider as the solution. That is why the things that I'm teaching inside this program I've talked about them in gists, in my content, but you'll never see me teaching what I just like taught you guys, let's say here, in my content itself. And it's not because I'm trying to hold back or either, you know, there's a paywall and I just, you know, I'm not gonna I'm being stingy with my content. I actually give quite a bit away. But I give it in the I give it away in this, in the in the form of insight, because I'll tell you right now, and I again, I can speak from experience. And even working with clients is further reinforce this. You can give away advice all you want. People are not going to apply it. They're going to look at it and be like, Wow, that was super valuable. They are not going to actually see transformation from giving advice. And I think for many people who are like, well, I want to be of service, and I want to serve, and I want to I want to give it all away. You absolutely can give it all away. I give so much through my free content. You can read through my free content and probably learn more than most marketing programs. However, I'm providing micro shifts in your perspective, so that you understand how to view your problem from a different standpoint, or you understand what you need to do differently, but the how of how to do that differently, that's where you now have to join a program, because I need to give you more context. I can't solve your entire messaging or conversion issue through a post alone.

Speaker 1  1:24:28
So this is where you want to first get clear on, what are you actually solving for your clients, right? What is it that? What? What is that? What is that transformation that they're coming to you for? And then the two questions that help you come up with insight is, what do my prospective clients or what do my ideal clients misunderstand about their problem? Them, what do they misunderstand about what is not going right in their life right now? And this can branch off to, you know, what are some of the myths they believe in? What are some of the, you know, some of the mistakes that they're making, what are some of the things that they think they should be doing.

Speaker 1  1:25:26
And again, your insightful posts are now simply to help shed a light on what they need to be doing differently. And then the second question is, what alternative have they yet to consider

Speaker 1  1:25:50
what is a solution that they have not yet thought about

Speaker 1  1:26:02
what is something that they how do I wear this? What is something that they thought they need to do? And what is it that I recommend instead do?

Speaker 1  1:26:29
And I think of a couple of examples of, like, recent insight posts that I've either either edited for clients or, like, written myself. So for example, one of the ways that you can create insight is through your branded concept. So one of my clients has an has a branded concept called energetic attraction, and he's a he's a dating coach, and he talks about how, you know, men focus very heavily on a lot of external factors. When they get into dating, they focus on their looks, they focus on going to the gym. They focus on getting the nicest suits, having the nicest haircuts. They focus on how much money they make, what car they drive, what watch they're wearing, because they think that they're appealing to a woman's superficial desires. Of you know, this man can provide this man looks, looks the part, takes care of himself, but energetically, they're very off putting to women, because energetically, it's still coming from a place of a void. It's still coming from a place of I am not enough, and so I need to drive the nice car and wear the nice and have the nice suit so that the woman can see me as worthy. So a piece of insightful content, and actually a series of insightful content that he's put together is around how to energetically embody, how to, you know, again, unmask yourself, how to come to this place of self acceptance, how to energetically become attractive, not just superficially. So a lot of his insightful pieces of content are speaking to men that are having issues within the dating space, and really unmasking why they're having those issues. Why is it that despite being in the best shape of their life or making much of money, women are still not attracted to them, or the women that they are are not really great quality? So do you see how he's shifting people's perspective on like you thought the problem was that you just didn't have money or you needed a nicer wardrobe. But here's what's actually happening underneath another client of mine, again, in the relationship space focuses on women who are trying to heal their what's it called anxious attachment. And what she speaks about is, you know, you think that the issue is that you keep attracting these avoidant men that you feel like you need to be chasing and you need to be putting the effort, and you're the one that constantly needs to be doing the chasing and the pursuing. And the more you chase, and the more you pursue, the more you seem to they seem to be emotionally, what's it called emotionally avoidant or distant? And the perspective shift she's giving here is, well, what if you don't actually have to heal the anxious attachment? What if I were to tell you that you actually have just as much avoidant tendencies towards yourself? The avoidance that that man is reflecting to you is the avoidance that you have towards your own needs, your own goals, your own desires, and you're trying to fill in that void by chasing the validation of someone else. So she's created quite a bit of content talking about how to become emotionally available to yourself as a woman, how to put yourself first, how to prioritize yourself, and how to again, emotionally and energetically, become attractive to a high quality man. And this doesn't mean putting yourself on the. On a pedestal and thinking that you're God's gift to Earth, but it simply means how to prioritize yourself, how to value your values, how to not self abandon in a relationship, how to not lose yourself, how to not energetically Chase which results in, you know, men naturally pulling away. So do you see how these series of posts are not telling either the man or the woman how to heal those things, because, as you guys can all agree, it probably will take a lot of deep inner work and either whether it's in a group setting or a one on one setting, to get to the root cause of their problem and actually find transformation. This woman couldn't be like, alright, so here are ways that you can become more emotionally available to yourself. Step one, take out a journal and write about you know, XYZ. Step two, face your unconscious wounds or your daddy issues. She can't do that in a post right like those are transformational things that happen within the context of a coaching transformational setting. All she's doing through her content is making people more aware of what the actual root cause of their problem is and what they need to do to solve it. Yeah, they're teaching people to think for themselves, disruptive to most systems exactly the moment you can shift someone's perspective on how they view their problem is the moment you can actually start educating them on what they need to do instead, and especially in today's marketplace, where the market is so saturated by advice and people just constantly screaming their offers, the way to create demand for what it is that you do without always having to be like this is why I have a 12 Week conscious healing program that helps couples go from it go from XYZ like people are not actually buying the offer. They're buying the thing that you just described to them, that you do with your clients. So if I'm reading her post, and if I'm going, Holy shit, I am so emotionally unavailable to myself. I never thought about it that way. I always saw the problem as him. He's the one pulling away. He's the one you know, not responding. He's the one doing X, Y, Z. But actually the problem is me, oh, my goodness. Okay, so now I know what I need to solve. Now I've positioned this individual as someone who I might potentially want to work with, because she's helped me get a deeper understanding of myself and my situation. She's provided me with insight. She's not saying, Hey, if you have identified as being anxiously attached, here are three things you can do today to get the guy to come back. That's very surface level content. It gets a lot of views. It gets a lot of engagement, but it doesn't actually create demand and desire for me to be like, oh my goodness, I need to work with this person. She just spoke to my soul. Kevin, you have a question?

Unknown Speaker  1:32:44
Yeah, I got two. Okay, the first one is pretty short. I think.

Speaker 5  1:32:50
Could you refresh the difference between the core message, the psi, the ownable specialty? Because I rewatched the video that you talked about it, and it wasn't clear to me, and now that you talk about it again. I'm not sure I, yeah, I'm not sure I have a clear understanding

Speaker 1  1:33:05
of that. Okay, really quick your core, your core message is the the main idea, or the main kind of driving force of what you solve or what people come to you for. So my core message would be, I help you, or I believe that personal brands need to be able to communicate, or I help you develop the communication skills to be able to attract like minded clients on repeat. For example, that could be a core message, the psi. That's the prominent selling idea. So whereas the core message is the internal message for you to know what your brand stands for, the psi is like the thesis statement that all of your content pieces are reinforcing. So these two things are the same thing, just expressed in different ways. The core message is for you to know as the brand. The psi is the message you want your audience to know about your brand. So my psi would be unless or until you have developed the conviction in your communication abilities, it will be increasingly difficult for you to get clients on demand. So that's the main idea that all of let's say my posts around messaging are, is going to try to convey my ownable specialty is now what makes me different in being able to do this. So my own specialty would be whatever my core message just was, along with three brand amplifiers of what makes my way of teaching communication different than what already exists in the market, in the marketplace. So I'm not going to be giving you templates and formulas. I'm not going to be just kind of feeding you what the words are. I believe you need to have a strong brand identity to be able to communicate strongly. So I then go into describing what makes me different,

Unknown Speaker  1:34:42
all right, so the amplifiers are more like the values that you have. Okay, okay, so if I have to make

Speaker 5  1:34:51
sense of it like visually, it's like, this is what I'm going to help you do. This is why it works. So for example, I'm going to help you communicate your message. It works because you have conviction, because we're going to work on the conviction, and this is what I'm going to do with you, and this is what I'm not going to do with you, okay, got it. Yeah, got it, okay. And the second question is maybe a little more, maybe a little deeper, and maybe for the Q A, but I always had a hard time understanding the level of awareness when it comes to social media. So if I were an ad for Facebook, whatever, and then you push someone to a landing page, that makes sense, right? Because I know who I'm targeting and all that on social media, though, when I'm doing organic How am I? How should I? How can I pick the right person that I'm going to talk to, or whether I should pick everybody, or if I started talking to this person, how do I know that they now change their level of awareness, and now I can sell it like it doesn't make sense to me. Okay,

Speaker 1  1:36:03
I'm going to bookmark this, and I'm going to come back to it in the Q and A, because there was also another question that was around just awareness levels, and I actually have put together, like, a separate worksheet for that. So I'm going to get into that a little bit deeper, because then that's going into like, the buyer journey and understanding content that specifically targets separate people, which is a little bit different what I'm going to cover today, so I'll bookmark it. I'm not going to, I'll come back and we'll, we'll cover that on the Q and A.

Speaker 5  1:36:29
I'm going to post it on the thread as well. Okay, thanks. No problem.

Speaker 1  1:36:34
Alright, guys. So just to really quickly recap everything that we just talked about in terms of the six key ingredients we had relevance. So why the heck should I care? Right? And and I always say when I look at relevance, I like it takes me probably three seconds to decide whether this person is someone that I should care about or not. Relevance can start with your bio. It can start with some of your, let's say, pinned posts. It can start with me just scrolling through your most recent three to five content pieces. All that relevance does is just in a snap second, can I decide whether this person offers something that is relevant to me or not? And keep in mind, going back to what Kevin just said, people generally have an idea of, like, the level of awareness of something that they're dealing with. If I know I'm going through relationship issues, or if I know I'm going through health issues, if I know that my business is feeling stagnant, I have a gist of an idea of something that I would maybe want support with. So when I land on someone's profile and they talk about whatever it is that I'm going through, I'm in my mind going, okay, this person is relevant to me. In recent months, a lot of like the feminine health stuff has been really relevant to me. A lot of nervous system stuff has been relevant to me. Relevant to me. A lot of like the cycle sinking stuff has been really relevant to me. So these are things that when I land on someone's profile and they're talking about stuff that I already in my mind, I'm I'm thinking about or pondering, I want to pay attention now to take it one step deeper, the specificity and the tangibility of how this person communicates, then makes it even more important for me to be like, wow, this person is speaking directly to me. So specificity in terms of, does this person vividly describe what I'm going through? Are they? Are they clear on exactly what it is that I'm looking to accomplish, and can I pick apart the tangible outcomes or the tangible takeaways of what it looks like to work with this person. The fourth element was emotional connection. So when I go through their content, do I feel like this person emotionally sees me, feels me, holds me, hears me, whatever like do I feel like there's an emotional connection? Or is this person just going sales pitch after sales pitch after sales pitch. Keep in mind emotional connection could also be me feeling connected to the individual, not just their solution, right? So, elements of their story, elements of their own personal journey, elements of their own lessons and insights. You know, if someone has kids, if someone went through a tragedy, if someone is going through like elements of their their own individualism that is being demonstrated through their content, how do I how am I creating that emotional connection with my people? Next is shared values. So for example, when I see someone talking about cycle syncing, but then also talking about, you know, how she believes, whatever, for example, how women should not be working the same way that men do. And here's what she's implemented. Oh, okay, great. Now we have some shared values. She gets me, she kind of, we have common ground here, okay? And then trust. So, typically speaking, when someone lands on someone's profile, they do one of two things, either they say, Oh, this person's relevant. I'm going to keep tabs on them and consume their content, or they will binge. They will binge everything that this person has produced. Some of you found me about two days before you joined this program, and what some of you also said. Is that you binge consumed probably 17 to 20 posts of mine, and you're like, oh my goodness, this person is for me. The only reason why that was able to happen was because you went through the content and you got repeated exposure to my knowledge, to my insights, to my wisdom, and you very quickly develop trust that this person has a solution for something I'm looking to solve right now. So trust either happens incrementally over time, as this person gets repeated exposure to your message, or it can actually happen very quick for the person who is very aware of the level of support that they want. But what that means is that they need to have stuff to consume. They need, they need material, material of yours that they can go through and be like, wow, this person really kind of gets the full picture. So those are the six things that your content absolutely must do. The next thing I want to get into is a little bit of, kind of what we talked about a little bit earlier around like, talking about what you want to be known for from multiple different angles. And then I want to get into, kind of like, the six things that are actually then I want to get into the the actual exercise, or the worksheet I said. I want you guys to come back to, but before I do that, questions on anything that I just covered right now does say me, I bought after 20 minutes, already knew what I needed and what made you different. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, I mean, some of you have been in my audience for years, like, there's some of you that we've been, you know, chatting in the DMS for like, five years now. Others met me two days before this program started. So trust and your if your messaging is precise and if your messaging actually hits the mark with what people's needs are, it can happen very quickly.

Unknown Speaker  1:41:42
Gus, go for it, yeah.

Speaker 4  1:41:45
Just going back to the core mistakes the second one, when we need to speak to the level of awareness. Does that happen organically in the way that you're writing your content, or are you writing your content in a specific way for that to happen. I guess that's kind of what I wanted to know.

Speaker 1  1:42:04
Hey, let me clarify. So when you're when you're talking about the big, like, the big mistakes that I just covered,

Unknown Speaker  1:42:10
okay, those are

Speaker 4  1:42:12
the second one you mentioned, when you know one of the mistakes is speaking to the wrong level of awareness. Yeah. Does that come back to the client archetypes that you talked about in a previous because obviously your clients could be at different points in their journey different awarenesses.

Speaker 1  1:42:26
Yes, they could be. So here's the major difference between the the archetypes and the level of awareness. So the archetypes could be that the person is experiencing the symptoms at different levels. So for example, let's say that when I work with clients, I'm helping them develop strong personal brands. I'm helping them create messaging that resonates. I'm helping them create offers and a presence that really brings in people on a regular basis. But that could look different for the various levels of clients that I have. So for some of you who are in this program, you're still in that phase of trying to figure out what your brand is, who your person is, you're trying to get the the foundations figured out right, whereas for other people, whether you're in this program or even in some of my more advanced programs, they already have that figured out. But the next level that they need to have integrated is like writing really potent copy that sells, or being able to create really potent messaging around the various different offers that they have. So the problem still remains the same. So what I'm doing with them is still helping them develop a strong personal brand with strong communication skills, but it manifests differently at the different levels. That's different than the levels of awareness, because that's not awareness levels, that's just the stages of where people are at in their business building journey, awareness would be, how aware actually are they that they're lacking a strong brand presence, or how aware are they that they don't have the communication skills and that's what's stopping them from writing good content.

Speaker 4  1:44:00
So but how do you speak to that in your content? Or do you speak it just organic?

Speaker 1  1:44:05
It's it's organic in the sense that, yeah, when I am speaking to like when I sit down to write a piece of content, the idea has usually been generated either from a conversation that I've had with a client or a something that I've seen, that I'm responding to, or an idea that has come to me that, you know, it's was a moment of insight, and I realized that people probably need to know this. The way that I'm speaking to that person is I'm when I'm writing that piece of content, I'm speaking to or thinking about one person. I'm not thinking about the entirety of everyone who's going to see this message. I'm thinking, Who is the best person to receive this message, what are they currently going through? And yes, you can rotate between archetypes depending on how your offers are set up, or depending on, you know, if, if sometimes I might go through just speaking to one archetype. So when I was launching this program, I was only speaking to the people who were in the brand building phase, and I was speaking. Into the symptoms, the problems, the things I know that are relevant to them, the mistakes that they're currently making with their marketing, some of the beliefs that they might have about things that they need to do. I was validating their experience, so speaking to them in particular. And I wasn't doing all of that in just one post. It was multiple posts that talked about what they were going through.

Unknown Speaker  1:45:20
Okay, that's really helpful. Thanks. No problem. I know

Speaker 1  1:45:24
you got a question here. So how can I shortcut the trust cycle? It seems like people need what I offer, but it takes them ages to actually convert to clients. Ah, so the question on how to shortcut it is the reason why they're probably not buying so we want to make sure that we are not forcing the trust, or we are not actually actively trying to shortcut the process. The reason why people were able to come into my world and within two days, decide to want to work with me is because of the ecosystem that I had created that was there so people were able to binge consume my content that was very particularly written for a tip for a particular type of person, and it allowed them to really get insight on what is the problem they're facing, how I solve it, what my values are, what my stories are like, people were really quickly able to connect with what is it about me that makes me different, but notice how my intention was not to Try to shortcut that process. My job was simply to show up and write the content on a regular basis, regardless of whether people consumed it in that moment or not. The best thing that I can give you on how to warm people up faster is get really particular on the symptoms that you know that they're facing, that your mechanism or that your solution is going to solve. When I'm working with clients who are like, in an active launch, when they're like, launching, you know, a brand new program, or relaunching a program that they've previously written in the launch. Process of coming up with their content or coming up with, you know, the emails and stuff that are going out, we're constantly thinking about, what is that individual going through right now? And how can we demonstrate that what we do is going to be relevant to solving what the thing is that they're doing right now? So we're not really trying to shortcut the trust process. We're simply demonstrating our expertise at a more tangible, specific, relevant level we're demonstrating to them. Hey, I see you. I get that you're going through this thing right now. I get that it's super painful, or I get that, you know, not very many people have been able to help you with this. Here's what we can do when we work together. Here are some of the things that I've been able to facilitate with my clients. Here are some of the ways that I've been able to shortcut or circumvent, some of the challenges that people have trying to solve this problem on their own. So you're actively demonstrating how your expertise is going to be relevant to where they're at. Does that resonate?

Speaker 9  1:48:03
Yeah, it sounds like that's what's been missing. Because I don't mean shortcut as, like, you know, shortcut demonstrating my expertise. It's more just the a bit of frustration with people meeting me, like, whether it's in networking or online or whatever, and being like, oh, I need this work, but then not committing, like, not booking, not committing, not becoming clients. And sometimes it takes years for them to finally get to the point where they've done all the other things that haven't worked, and then they're finally like, Okay, now I'll do this thing.

Speaker 1  1:48:44
Yeah? So there's three things that come to mind that could be causing that. One is their own stage of readiness and awareness. So if they are not yet at that point where it's like, change needs to happen, now they're probably still in the contemplative phase of like, yeah, that sounds really good. I probably need that work, but then not actually having the readiness to make that commitment right now, the second thing that comes to mind, which might be relevant for you, might not, but it is the graspiness that we might have to like, let me save you. Or like, let me show you how valuable this is. And again, so many of my like transformational clients that are in like, either in the spiritual realm or in more of like, the like the internal transformation realm, go through this where they're like people don't understand the potence and the the importance of the work that I do, and they almost want the result more than the client does. Like they almost want they see the potential of what's available and what the client can actually attain more than the client can, and that is the the equivalent of US marrying a guy for potential versus marrying what where he's at right now. So what we want to make sure that we do is to take that energy that we have around like, oh my gosh, I know life can get so good, and demonstrating it through our content repeatedly, even if it means posting. Multiple times a week. It's like consistently building the case for why what you do is so needed, and again, letting go of the timeline or the need for people to see the value or convert immediately. And it's much more about allowing the message to do the work and do the heavy lifting for you, allow the people who have already made the decision that they need to make a change to come into your world and see that and be moved by it, yeah.

Speaker 9  1:50:23
And I think piggybacking off of that, what I get a lot is people who meet me and I tell them what I do, they ask, right? And I tell them what I do, and they're like, Oh, my God, I need that. And then the very next question is, well, how much do you charge? And I tell them what I charge, and then they ghost, or they're like, oh well, it's not a priority right now, or oh well, but it's like, Dude, you you asked me, like, you just told me that this is something that you need, and Now, because I, like, named a number, that's probably like, higher than other people charge, but also lower than a lot of other people charge. It's like, okay, then it a pigeon holes me into that commodity brand. Yes, yeah, it's

Speaker 1  1:51:15
happening here. And this goes for everybody on this call that has experienced this to some extent, the moment people go from oh my gosh, I need this, to how much is it they're going from the emotional brain, or like that that, like limbic, like, I'm making an emotional decision, to the rational brain. That's where we lose people in the sale people don't make decisions based on logic. They may make it based on emotion. We want to keep them in that emotional space. And this isn't some sort of like sales tactic or gimmick. This is what I mean when they are looking at your service or your product purely from a price point point of view to make a decision. They have not yet fully been sold on the value of what it is for them or what it will do for them. They will resonate. And you probably have done a good job of building relevance to get them to say, oh my gosh, I need that, but because they haven't yet developed the buy in and the trust as to why you, why your method? How is it different than what they've tried? What is it going to help them avoid they haven't been exposed to any of that messaging, so they haven't actually bought into the idea of wanting to work with you. They simply heard the surface message of, here's what I do, here's what it does, and here's the outcome that you can expect. And they go, Oh my gosh, I need that. How much? But you're not selling a commodity, you're not selling a product, you're selling an entire transformation. And the difference between having buy into your offers versus buy into your brand is exactly this, because when people are bought into the overarching message and the entity of your brand, it doesn't matter what the price is. They want it. They need it, and they have convinced themselves of why they want to be a part of it. If I'm at a networking event and I say, Hey, I help you up your communication skills so that you can attract more clients, I'm more than willing to bet people will be like, Oh my gosh, I need that. And I'll be like, Okay, great. My neuro message is $8,000 and they'll be like, Oh, okay, no. Well, not right now, but if they have followed me for a given period of time where they are exposed to my values, my my stories, exposed to my brand. And when they build that buy into my way of thinking, the price now becomes irrelevant, right? Of course, if it fits within their scope, if it's like, completely out of their scope, I don't expect them to convert. But now they've actually created that emotional connection to why they want to experience your work, rather than just being like, oh, I need that. How much is it? Oh, no, I don't want that for that price. I can probably get it cheaper elsewhere, right? So because our job to then educate them further on the value of why they actually need this. So if it would

Speaker 9  1:53:57
be someone I'm meeting at, like a networking event, or out in the world at large, would I just be like, Okay, here's my Instagram, and then just consistently commit to that educational piece on Instagram versus like, Okay, here's here's what I charge without, like, the education piece.

Speaker 1  1:54:18
So in a in person conversation I wouldn't jump straight from here's what I do, and here's how much I charge for it, because, again, that is positioning you as just a commodity. Then they will go price shopping between other people. This is where you want to create a bridge to either leading them into a separate conversation with you at another time to understand their needs better. What that will actually enable you to do is also get them to open up about their situation. Get them to describe where they're at. Get them to confide in you and for you to actually listen. The purpose of that conversation is not like, Okay, let me get them to open up so that I can make them a pitch. And now they're open to like, now they're open to buying from me, but it creates a more safe environment. For them to open up and allow you to then listen to what are their needs? What are their desires? What are they currently struggling with? What have they tried? And you create that safe space for them to feel like this is not just a sales conversation where they're buying a product or a service, but it is a transformational thing that is taking place between the two of you. So you can say, well, it really depends what you're looking for. There's various different levels that I support. That I support my clients, because obviously this work is really deep. I take a very custom approach. Let's set up a discussion outside of this where we can open up in the meantime. Hey, here's like, a free training I did on this. Or in the meantime, go follow my Instagram. I share a lot. Or here's a YouTube channel I've opened that talks about talks about this a lot. That way, it allows them to gain value from you, have an opportunity where they're feeling heard and seen, and actually build rapport with you before deciding to invest, rather than right there, then and there being like, here's the price point. Nope, sorry, I don't want this right now.

Speaker 9  1:55:57
And the funny thing is, I've had that happen on the on those consult calls, right? Like I do free consult calls, where I walk people through, I look at what they're dealing with, right? They confide in me all of the things. And I'm like, here is a clear pathway of how we can get you through those blocks. And then at the end of that. Like, I'm like, Okay, so here, here is what it looks like to work together, and then they still have the like pricing thing come up.

Speaker 1  1:56:29
Well, at that point, then that's out of your control. If you feel that you've done the best that you can to demonstrate your value, to hold the space, to actually help them make an informed decision for what is best for them, then you just simply respect that that's where that person is at. Of course, you can do even more market research into being like all right, well, is this price point something that these people are willing to pay for? Is this price point something that are there more accessible ways that I can create some sort of environment where I can make sure I'm being compensated fairly, but that it actually creates a space where people feel safe making that level of investment. It doesn't mean, you know, bring your prices down because people are not willing to buy, but it prompts the question from you as the business owner standpoint, to ask yourself, now, okay, well, how can I create more affordable, more accessible ways for people who are maybe not ready to make that level of investment to come into my world and experience something with this program where many people were not ready for a 12 night. It gave people a taste of my teachings. It gave people a taste of how I function and I'm detached from whether people convert into the other program or not, it simply creates a way for me to actually demonstrate my service and demonstrate what I do in a way that's more accessible, that's one and two, is just letting go of the fact of realizing some people are just not meant to invest at that level. They're not ready, and if the person is not, you never want someone to make a massive stretch coming into your program, because then their nervous system is going to be in this unstable place of you know, it's not a good feeling. So at some point, you release the control and you say, I did the best I can to demonstrate my value, to hold the space this person was just not meant to be for me. Thank you. Alright, guys, I want to go through this worksheet. So like I said to you in the post yesterday, I'm going to go over time. You're feel free to jump off this call. If you guys have other commitments, you can always come back and re watch the RE watch the the recording. But for those of you who have the space and the capacity to stay on, I'm going to continue on. All right. Sounds good. Everyone's good with that. We've all consented to have our brains juiced today. Awesome. Okay, so we kind of covered the the core pieces of like, what your message needs to do. We've covered the the mistakes that people make when it comes to messaging. This next piece that I want to get into is really helping you guys, like, tangibly see how to communicate, like, literally, how to use words to describe the before, the mechanism and then the after. So for those of you who've worked with me in the past, you might have seen this worksheet before. This is a worksheet that I created two years ago to help my clients understand, as a copywriter, what is my brain doing to extract the message that you want to communicate and also put it in terms that the other person or the person on the receiving end will understand? You will also be receiving a blank version of this, along with this one thing that I've put together so that you can kind of create the message for for yourself. So let me go ahead and share my screen. Just give me two seconds here. Just want to make sure that I'm on the right page. Yes, okay, great. Let me share a screen. Okay, you guys can see my screen. Yes, no. We. Maybe, yes, okay. I call this the want, need and the desire exercise. And for those of you who've seen this before, I haven't updated it, but it's still it's still valid and still potent to this day, what I want to bring your attention to is the pieces in red. These are actual examples of what clients have come to me saying like, this is what I help my clients do. And I want to help you guys understand how I help them flip it into more tangible terms that people understand and what would actually go into content pieces. So when I talk about messaging again, we want to make sure it's clear, tangible, vivid. It's like striking him, striking an emotional chord. This is how you do that. This column over here is the want. So this is the problem or the goal that people have identified or that they come to you for. The middle one is the need. The need is, what is it that you are doing with people? So what is the mechanism, the prescription, what is the like? What is happening to actually facilitate that transformation? And the last piece here is the desire. So, what are the outcomes? What are the results? What are the things that people can expect after working with you? And I'll go through a couple of examples of how I do this. And then I want you guys as homework. This is going to be a little it's going to it's it's going to juice your brains a little bit, but this is what I want you guys to practice doing, because this is the piece of content writing that will actually help you go from very vague and fluffy and unclear to very precise and tangible. This first client over here, she says that people come to me wanting to achieve optimal health. Notice how this is not a problem. This is a need. This is a desire, right again. Do you see how achieving optimal health is a very vague, very broad way of describing what people do, because achieving optimal health can mean multiple things to multiple different people. So what I prompted, and through questioning, I was able to extract what is it that is going to be relevant to her people in particular? What we came up with was to lose weight without giving up foods that they love. That was, that was the actual problem, or that was the actual goal that people were coming to her for notice. How achieve optimal health is the coach speaking version of this right? Achieve optimal health. Is what she would say. As the practitioner, like I help people achieve optimal health. That does not actually mean anything. This is what people are actually coming to her for. Now, in the next column over here, what actually needs to happen to do that, she had a whole bunch of content talking about intermittent fasting and the benefits of intermittent fasting. Intermittent fasting, but notice how someone who doesn't yet understand why intermittent fasting is needed, why it's important, like, what is it about intermittent fasting that they need to consider? Like, if they are not even aware of what intermittent fasting is, that message would just completely go over their head. Right? Again, invisible messaging is when people don't understand how it's relevant. How it's relevant to them. So what we uncovered, or what we were able to extract, is a way to position intermittent fasting in a way that is relevant to that person. So instead of saying intermittent fasting, we said uncover the secret to eating what you want and still manage to drop the pounds consistently. Do you see how this is the result of intermittent fasting, not intermittent fasting itself? And you guys see how when we were talking about one of the mistakes is that you're speaking from the perspective of you versus the perspective of what they need to understand. So what we simply did here is you can still talk about intermittent fasting later on in content, or when you're describing what it is that you do. But you need to build the case for it. You need to position intermittent fasting in a way that makes people go, Oh, that's what I need. This is what we came up with here. So uncover the secret to eating what you want and still manage to drop the pounds. That's what's desirable. Last column here is, what is the outcome or results that they will achieve while working with you. What was the result? Or what was the what was it that people can expect after they go through her, let's say, intermittent fasting program, to feel confident again and stop obsessing over everything they eat, feel like they're making progress each week. This, again, is very tangible as a takeaway. She did not say that you will be able to drop pounds and feel good again. Do you see how if she were to say that it would, it would be specific, like, you'll be able to drop weight and feel good again in your skin. But we went even deeper into like, what is it that makes it tangible? They want to feel like they're making progress every week, every week, when they get on that scale, they want to feel like something has shifted again. Whether you actually agree with like, the actual health, the health facet of this of like intermittent fasting, working or not. Do you see how the positioning of how we did this can. Completely shifted it from achieve optimal health through intermittent fasting to I can help you lose weight without giving up the foods that you love by using the secret to eat what you want and still manage to drop the pounds consistently so that you can feel confident again. Stop obsessing over everything that you eat and feel like every week when you step on the scale, you're seeing the number go down.

Speaker 1  2:05:21
Do you guys see how that is so much more specific and desirable to what people want, rather than just I help you achieve optimal health and lose weight using intermittent fasting? Alright, let's keep going. Another client of mine said, I help women step into their power again. What the heck does that mean? Right? She said, people come to me because they want to feel powerful. They want to step into their power that does not mean anything to anyone. So after some questioning, I was able to extract this to be able to set firm boundaries and stop saying yes when they mean to say no. What I actually uncovered is that what she does with people is to get them to stop people pleasing. So she helps women really kind of step into their power by being able to own what it is that they want to say and own their desires and not abandon themselves every time there's requests and things that come up. So what do they need to do to step into their power? What does she actually do with her clients? And she said, Well, we need to help them overcome self limiting beliefs. Again, self limiting beliefs, super vague, doesn't actually communicate what needs to happen. So in the terms of positioning it for your clients, what does this do? It helps them get to the root and resolve people pleasing patterns once and for all. Once they're able to do that, what is the result? What is the desire they get to to do and say what they please without the guilt, and communicate what they want with ease. Do you guys see how if she were to say, I help women step into their power by overcoming self limiting beliefs. Very vague. Multiple people can say that now she's added tangibility and specificity by saying, I help women who want to set firm boundaries stop saying yes when they mean to say no, by getting to the root and resolving their people pleasing tendencies or patterns once and for all, so that they can do and say what they please without the guilt and communicate what they want with these you guys still with me here. I know this is a lot. This is where the again, this is where the copywriting side of this comes through, because we want our message to actually land. Let's go through another one. This was a relationship coach, so she said, I help women embody self love and create the dream relationship they desire. And she thought this was super tangible. And I said, Okay, let's, let's dig even deeper. What they actually want is to attract an emotionally an emotionally available man who willingly commits to them. And I asked her, what do they need to do in order to get to this result? Well, they need to heal the worthiness wounds, define their values and get confident in themselves. But do you notice how if women don't know that they have worthiness wounds, or if women don't know that they need to define their values, this doesn't actually speak anything of value to them. So what we summarize this into is uncover three key things that are causing you to attract unemotionally unavailable men over and over again, and what to do instead. So this is now relevant to something that is top of mind to these women knowing that they have this issue and that they need to solve this and what is the result, have a man pursue them without feeling clingy or attached or over giving, and stop giving into one sided relationships. All right, let's do one more example here. So achieve financial freedom. That's That's what this person identified as being the want or the goal of what people want. I prompted her to go deeper. What does financial freedom specifically look like for her clients to be making consistent 10k months while working four days a week. That's something that she feels confident in being able to deliver. And I said, Okay, what do they need to do to get there? She said, a marketing strategy and back end systems, again, very vague. Multiple people can promise the same thing. So what is it that she does? Well, she has a proven framework that will consistently bring in and nurture leads on autopilot so that you can make sales in your sleep. That is the result of having a marketing strategy and back end systems, that is the outcome of having it, and once they're able to actually implement the framework, what happens? They feel more spacious throughout their weeks. They work only in their zone of genius, and they take themselves out of the day to day operations, which is what they actually desire, what they actually want to achieve. Alright, let me take a quick look at the comments here, just to make sure I'm not missing anything. Kevin says. So now, how do you implement that in content? Do you talk about the different angles based on the first row, or do you want to create each row for a piece of content? So Kevin, this is not going to be content related. This is the aspects of what you can infuse in your content. This isn't like, okay, take this one row and write a piece of content about it. This is again, messaging, not content. What that means is, when you get clear on how to describe the wants, how to describe the needs and how to describe the desires, you can now refer back to this document to decide how you want to write content pieces that reflect these messages in there. But I wouldn't be like, Okay, let me look at this square over here and write a content piece on it.

Speaker 5  2:10:25
So do you want me to fill it up, or do you want me to just fill one row? Because it's just my business based on water, like, that's what I'm trying to get. It's is it like filling up one row? And then from that, infer what is the top the different topics that I should speak about in my content. Or do you want me to fill it up like, I don't know, 1015, 20 rows and do something

Speaker 1  2:10:48
like that? It depends, because for most people that I work with, they don't just have one problem that they solve inside their business. So people come to them for various different things. So if I was filling this out for myself, I would say the the needs or the the problem or the goal that people want to achieve is they want to have a brand that is a full expression of who they are. They want to have content that stands out. They want to have offers that sell on autopilot. So for each one of those wants and goals, I can fill out an entire row on this, because then I would have to ask. I would have to ask myself, okay, in order for them to write content that stands out, what do they need to do? And once they do that, what is the result that they can experience? And once you have, let's say, 510, 15, even three of these rows filled out, you can refer back to it when you're writing content and be like, Okay, what's the specific language that I want to infuse in my content so it avoids you, or it prevents you from using language like achieve optimal health. And you actually refer back and you say, Okay, what does that actually mean? What is it that they actually want to accomplish? And then you use that language instead. This is a languaging tool, not a content creation tool. I want to make that clear, right?

Speaker 5  2:12:00
So you take like, each row as kind of like the guiding light of what would like. It's each one is a is a category that you look at it and you're like, oh. So if I'm talking right now about having a brand that is a true reflection of who you are, I'm going to look at this row, and it's going to help me focus on the language that I should use and the idea that I should

Speaker 1  2:12:26
exactly Gotcha. So if you come up with an idea, let's say you have an idea that you want to talk to people being inauthentic in their business. So if you were to say, like, Okay, I'm going to put here, the problem is they want to be authentic in their business. Notice how saying that is still very vague. So I would then want to prompt you with the question of, what does that actually look like? So maybe it's they want to share their polarizing perspectives without the fear of backlash. Let's say that's what they want. Then I would ask you, okay, what is it that they need to do in order to do that? And you might say, well, in order to do that, they need to feel in conviction with their opinions. And then I say, Okay, what did that? What would they have to do in order to feel in conviction? So then you would write like, what does that actually look like? And then I would ask you, once they've a once they've been able to really find that inner conviction, what is the outcome that they can expect? And you can say, well, then they'll be easily able to post very polarizing things without the fear of backlash. They can carve their name in their industry. So do you see how that now creates much more tangibility? So when you go to write a content piece that talks about that particular issue, you're going to avoid using the broad, fluffy terms like be authentic, and it's going to help prompt you get more to get more specific with what you're saying. Yeah, perfect sense. Awesome. Anna saying, Is this our psi, then our bio? No, so exactly what I just said to to Kevin, right now, this is just a messaging exercise to help you get more specific. This is something that I want you guys to kind of use as, like training wheels as you're writing content to start getting start asking yourself, okay, what does this actually look like for them? The entire purpose of this exercise is to get you out of coach speak, and get out of like, very fluffy, vague land, and get you back into, how do I communicate in a way that makes sense for people? So Sure. Could it be your bio? Yep, you can. You can improve your bio. You can improve your entire website copy, if you have to, after going through this document, or you can look through all your content and be like, holy shit, I've actually been fluffy this entire time. But what this document helps you do now is to identify, where are you being fluffy with the wants, where are you being fluffy with the needs, and how can you be more precise and direct with the desires. Next question here is, how is it actually more clear to say people pleasing patterns versus self limiting beliefs? So great question. This is now speaking to the person who is aware and has identified that they have people pleasing tendencies. The root cause of people pleasing tendencies are these self. Limiting beliefs, but people don't know that they have that. Most people would be like, I know that I people please, but they won't say I have self limiting beliefs. So that is now speaking to a more aware client who recognizes that they have a people pleasing issue, or people pleasing pattern, and they're looking to solve it, but they wouldn't resonate with self limiting beliefs, because that is the root cause of what is causing the people pleasing. All right, Marianne, as you're saying. So, for example, the want find clarity and confidence in their brand to the desire is to feel grounded in their brand, showing up authentically without second guessing, communicate their true message with ease. Is this, yes, the only thing that I would want to even go deeper in is in the want so find clarity and confidence in their brand. That's, again, something that I could use as well. So what exactly is it in the way that they want to find clarity and confidence in their brand that you do differently, and especially, I want you to think about the mechanism that you use with the imagery, with the AI they want. They want to be fully expressed. They want how to have images that stop people's scrolls. They want to have images that fully encapsulate the essence of the the image that they want to convey. So those are more specific to what you help your clients with, rather than looking at it from the perspective of, well, they want to have more confidence in their brand. Like, yes, they want to have more confidence. But what exactly about the confidence? Is it? And then the desire to feel grounded in their brand, showing up authentically without second guessing and communicate their true message with ease? I would prompt you to go even deeper with that one as well, because I could repeat that message, right? I can say I help people feel more grounded with their brand. Show up authentically, without second guessing, and communicate their their true message. So what is it exactly about the end result that people take away while working with you that makes that desire so relevant, or makes that desire connected to the the actual thing that you do with them, when people work with me, they don't walk away with images, right? They don't walk away with any sort of like tangible, you know, pictures or things that they can use to convey their brand. What they walk away with is the skill and the confidence of being able to express themselves. So what I would want to make sure I do that is in the desire section, that you're creating a way for them to really visualize and understand how the thing that they're going to walk away with is going to improve their life or improve their business or help them reach a desired goal faster? Alright? Sela, you have a

Speaker 10  2:17:32
question, yeah, actually, I just wanted to understand, back when you were a copywriter, how did you do it for other people? I mean, because for to do it ourselves, we can give it as much time as we want, as much deep thought meditating on it. But when we are on a discovery of probably a branding call, I could call it a branding call where you are asking a coach this question. And I just remembered three distinct examples. One was an attachment style coach using words like push and pull, which I didn't understand and neither did I had the had a deeper understanding of this topic as well. Another is a formulator who creates, who teaches people how to formulate skin care and hair care like a at a professional level. And third is a life coach. We had a talk on the topic life coach, if you remember, she said, I just want to make people happy. And it was so vague. So yeah, that's what I was saying. How to make other people go this deeper. What if, if something that you used to do that you can share with me?

Speaker 1  2:18:33
So okay, so this entire exercise was burst out of the need to help people go deeper. So when you ask people, or let's say, you ask this life coach, what it is that you do for people, and she says, I just want to make people more happy, it is now your job as the copywriter, or as the person who's going to be helping with their messaging to prompt them with the questions, to be able to extract what it is that they do. So when you see, for example, achieve optimal health. And then this in the green it says, to lose weight without giving up foods they love. It took maybe three to five different questions for me to land on this with them, but what I have to do was then ask like, what is it exactly about the optimal health that you feel confident in delivering? How do you facilitate that result? What do the majority of your clients say that they feel happy with so I had to kind of prompt them with the questions to actually extract what the wants and the goals are

Speaker 10  2:19:29
okay, because they don't really understand their clients. I can tell that from the calls. So yeah, prompting them with questions that maybe get, get them to think, or maybe go back to an example which they or an experience that they probably had, because, yeah, one time this thing worked, my asking deeper questions, actually, she actually saw a different perspective. So, okay, okay, I'll just practice on the.

Speaker 1  2:20:00
Yes, yes. This is where, again, there's, there's so many different facets that will go into actually being able to extract this for clients where there's no, like, right or wrong answer, there's a level of understanding that, for example, for myself, if I'm working with a client and they're not able to answer these questions, or if they don't have the know how of like, what exactly their clients come to them for. What that indicates to me is that they're probably too new in the process, and they're probably not even at the point where they're ready to write content and put together an offer and launch and whatnot. The types of clients that you want to be working with and that you want to bring on are people who have adequate data points and adequate knowledge of what it is that they solve, so that when you prompt them with questions, they're able to answer those questions. If they're not able to answer the questions, or if they don't know what their clients actually want, they're probably too

Unknown Speaker  2:20:53
new in the process, right?

Speaker 1  2:20:56
So that's when you want to ask yourself now, like, is it a messaging thing that they actually need support with or is it like a deeper understanding of their solution, understanding of their problem? Because that might be the case. Okay, okay, great. No problem. We want to make sure that we're also practicing quite a bit on you know, of course, like for many of you, you guys have your own brands here, so you're doing this for your own brand. For those of you who are, let's say copywriters, other brand messaging strategists, and you're looking to do something like this for your clients, this is where I would say that. This is where your skill set comes into play. So this is where, like, your job as a copywriter is to be able to take very vague, intangible, fluffy terms and put it into very tangible terms for your people, you can't do the work for the client. It needs to be informed by the client, but it is your skill set to then be able to extract what it is that these people are looking to achieve with you. I'll walk through maybe one or two more examples, just to kind of cover a few more basis, and then I'll see if there's any remaining questions left here. So here's another one here. So create harmony in their life. I see this one a lot with life coaches, with people who are again in this transformational space of like helping people live more aligned, abundant lives. So after some questioning and asking, What does harmony mean to your clients? What have previous clients said that they've been able to achieve? What exactly is it that you do with them that results in harmony. If you had to define harmony, how would you put it into your own words? Like these were some of the questions that I asked this individual, and we finally landed on it that harmony, to her, means that she helps her clients run a business and manage family without burning out. So it was like really having that work life harmony that allows them to have both best of both worlds without burning themselves to the ground. So my question to her was like, what exactly like, what's the mechanism? What is it that you use? What is it that you do that helps facilitate that transformation? And she says, Master masculine and feminine energy dynamics. So masculine feminine energy dynamics, unless someone is like, super into that stuff, it's really hard for them to understand what does that actually mean? So what we did is that we positioned it as understand and embody the one key shift that will help you go from overworked to overflowing with energy each day. So what she identified is that when women are too far into their masculine or too far into their feminine, it creates this energy imbalance that either you know, prevents them from showing up powerfully in their business, or prevents them from powerfully showing up in their family. Once this shift is created where they've balanced these two energies, that's when they'll go from feeling constantly pulled into one direction to go like having this natural balance and this natural flow in their life. So then I asked her, Okay, once they do that, once they attain that, what is their life going to look like afterwards? How will they feel? How will they wake up? What will they experience? And we came up with to feel like they have it together in all areas, without the guilt of spending too much or too little time on either so this is kind of like the tangible takeaway that people will want is, is they'll no longer feel that guilt, that shame that they're spending too much time in their business, or too much time in their family. Okay, last one here, let go of what's holding them back. That's, again, a very, very vague one, right? Like what let go of what's holding them back that that can be used in so many different contexts. So what we came up with is to overcome stage fright, social media anxiety and fear of going out there. So what this person was working with was other like coaches, consultants, people were trying, who were trying to put themselves out there and build a brand. And their message was all around like, you're holding yourself back, you're playing small, you're you're dimming your light, which many people, even in this container, might might resonate with. But what we realize is that the actual desire is that people didn't want to be afraid of actually putting themselves out there anymore. They didn't want to have the anxiety of being polarizing or or being seen. So what she actually does with them is overcome the traumas and fears that are keeping them playing small so the judgment, rejection, perfectionism, even some of the things that we talked about earlier on this call. So now I want to ask you guys, because we talked about this. If we're overcoming the traumas, the fears that are keeping them feeling small, so the judgment, the rejection, the perfectionism, what would that actually look like if we're positioning it for that person to understand because people might not know that they have traumas and fears that are keeping them small? What would you what would resonate with you if you were this individual, and you can drop it in the comments.

Speaker 1  2:25:30
Think about it. So the problem that you are going to this practitioner for is social media anxiety and the fear of like, putting yourself out there, the fear of being seen, the fear of being judged, the fear of not being liked. We talked about that earlier. So you are going to this coach, and this coach is going to help you overcome the traumas and fears that are keeping you from playing small. What is what is it that you actually are going to take away? Mm,

Unknown Speaker  2:26:05
like, I'm getting you guys to do mental math.

Speaker 1  2:26:15
Identify your wobbles could be

Unknown Speaker  2:26:24
any ideas?

Speaker 1  2:26:35
Sasha is asking, can you repeat? Yeah. So if you're looking at this example here, this coach is helping them go from stage fright social media, anxiety and fear of going out there, by helping them overcome their traumas and the things that are Keeping them playing small. But that's also very vague. Mm,

Speaker 1  2:27:03
alright, see what we got here. Learn how to identify and shift where the resistance is coming from. Mm, hmm. Kylie's saying, overcoming the limited version of myself, Yes, but I'll even prompt you to go deeper, because many people can say the same thing there as well. So you're saying, Keep keep quiet when you need to speak up say in an office meeting. Yep. Marianas, feel confident actually identifying what are the actual obstacles and real self imposed? Yeah, holding you back when anxiety strikes. Yep, that's really good. Kevin, overcoming the paralysis you feel every time you sit down at your desk thinking about showing up exactly altering your self narrative. Yup. And even with the altering the self narrative, do people recognize that they have a self narrative? They might not, right. So how is that self narrative showing up? And what could they do to shift it? Mahmoud saying, healing from the childhood trauma, simple step two, stretch comfort zone and have noticeable progress every single week. Yep. That's a good one too. Madison, create confident approach to your work that allows you to get recognized for the value of your work. Yeah. So do you guys see how this is kind of like prompting you to think deeper about how to make it tangible, how to make it specific. So if the core things, like the core traumas that these people are overcoming are judgment, rejection and perfectionism, you could potentially say here that you know, I help you get to the root of what is keeping you in fear of judgment, rejection and perfectionism, so that you can start showing up with greater confidence, or so that You stop overthinking or over self criticizing before putting yourself out there. So what you're essentially doing is that you're speaking about what is the outcome of overcoming the traumas and the fears that are keeping them playing small. There's a couple of examples you guys give in the chat here. Let me check if there's more. These are really good. So Sasha, get rid of the little voice in your head that is telling you're not good enough. Yep, that's amazing. Eduardo, uncover yourself current self narrative so that you can reshape yourself into Yep, it's a good start. Jen, overcome the intense sensation in your throat every time you start to share what you're really wanting. Yeah, exactly, exactly. From stopping yourself and sharing your wisdom to feeling so convicted that it doesn't matter what happens after you post, phenomenal. So do you guys see how this exercise prompts you to now ask yourself, once they overcome the traumas and the fears that are keeping them from playing small, what is that going to look like in their day to day? And then the end desire that we came up with for this person was to become an outspoken leader who was seen and compensated highly for their expertise. So they're going from having stage fright, social media anxiety, not wanting to put in the put themselves out there, playing small, all of the things to becoming that outspoken leader who is seen and compensated. Do you guys see how this is also now creating a very strong emotional connection to what that person wants to achieve. They want to be the strong, outspoken leader. They want to be seen and they want to be compensated highly. So these are all speaking to. Those emotional desires, the things that people want to achieve by overcoming some of these things. So I know this is, this is probably, like I said, the most practical but probably hardest exercise you guys are going to have to do because I'm prompting you to think like copywriters, which is hard. This is why people delegate to people like me to do this. This is why people delegate over to copywriters and messaging strategists. But the core, or the key thing that I want you guys to remember from this is to take step away from the vague, fluffy coach speaking terms that speaks to the overarching idea of what you do, and bring it into the now. Bring it into the tangible, bringing bringing it into what is relevant for the person who is reading this, they're not looking to step into their power. They're looking to set firm boundaries and stop saying yes when they mean to say no, this statement is a lot more vivid. They can picture themselves doing it rather than saying, I help you step into your power. Because the stepping into your power can mean so many different things to so many different people. So what I would do for this exercise, like I shared with Kevin earlier, I want you guys to sit down and for every problem or goal that you have identified, that clients come to you for right, for every thing that people say, like, Oh, if only I could, or I would love to be able to, or I just need some support on fill in the blank on whatever that is, and as many that you can come up with, there's no right or wrong answer. You might come up with four. You might come up with 15. It just really depends on where you're at in your business and how well you know your clients. For every single one of those, I want you to then ask yourself the question, what do they need to do? Or what do I do with them to facilitate that change, and once they're able to do that, what is their life going to look like afterwards? And then come back to the very first column and get really critical with yourself, and ask yourself, when you say, achieve optimal health, what does that actually look like? What does that entail? How would that show up in someone's day to day, when people come to me saying they want to achieve optimal health, what are they saying? What's the message behind that message? What are they actually desiring? And notice, for those of you who are a little bit reluctant to using pain point marketing, notice how much of these things are not really focused on pains. It could be pains, right? I can turn the achieve financial freedom into a pain by saying, you know, feeling like they're struggling financially. But what is it actually that they're looking to do? What? What does financial freedom or struggling financially actually look like for them? We want to prompt you guys to think more deeply about the visual component of how can this person identify with the symptom or the scenario that you're describing, and then for the need so for the thing that you actually do for them. Remember, no one's actually buying marketing strategy and back end systems. What they're buying is the results of the marketing strategy and back end systems. So they're buying the fact that you will be able to bring in leads and nurture leads on autopilot, so that you can make sales in your sleep. That is the result of the back end systems. All right, let me stop my screen here. I'm going to be sharing that document with you, so that you guys have those examples. And I'll also be sharing a blank version of that document so that you guys can fill it out yourself. I would just make a copy, and then you can use this again as a messaging guide. This is a messaging exercise. It is not a here's what I'm going to write content on now. It is something that you refer back to when you are writing content so that it creates a bit more tangibility and it gets you in the habit of thinking, How do I speak from the perspective of my ideal clients? Any final questions before we wrap up? I know that was a lot. Everyone's feeling quite exhausted.

Speaker 1  2:34:07
Alright, everyone's dead, so take this exercise. Sit with it, practice it. Do what you need to do. It will prompt a lot of questions. It will prompt a lot of resistance as to like, I don't know if this is clear enough. I don't know if this is tangible enough. You guys have the Q and A call on Friday to come back to and pick my brain. So if you do work on this document and you have like, specific boxes that you can't seem to come up with a version of this on bring it to the call, I'm happy to kind of give you feedback and give you any sort of, any sort of pointers as to like, what you're missing. What I want you guys to keep in mind that is that I don't expect you to have this whole thing filled out and perfected within one shot, because chances are, you will come back to it and realize that a conversation you just had with a client clarified one of them for you. Or you might feel like there's a couple of elements that you feel clear on, and then you come back to. And you're like, actually, I have a better way that I can describe this. The point of this is to use it as an exercise and a working document. When I talk about building the skill set of messaging, I don't expect you guys to go through an exercise and have all the answers that is not building a skill set. If it comes to you immediately, it is not building a skill set. Building a skill set means that it's it's going to challenge you, it's going to stretch you. But remember, when it comes to messaging, before we can even think about writing copy and content, we want to make sure that we are clear that we're communicating from a place of I understand what I'm communicating and my audience understands where I'm communicating.

Speaker 5  2:35:35
Kevin, yeah, so the the thing that we have to feel in the to fill in the want section, would you say it's the same thing that you have to fill in the from the categories that you classify based on what people told you in the market research?

Unknown Speaker  2:35:59
Yeah, it could be. So

Speaker 5  2:36:01
take each one of them, and then I can ask myself the questions like, why is it important? Why to write the content later on?

Speaker 1  2:36:08
Exactly, yeah, okay, gotcha, yeah. And again, this informs your content. It is not the content. So technically, if you want to be inspired to write a content piece, you can look at the the want column and ask yourself, Okay, so this problem is something that I know people come to me for. Can I write a content piece that describes why this problem happens, or where it comes from, or what leads to it? Can I help people understand why they've been approaching it the wrong way? Can I help them understand what they need to do instead? So it's it's to inform your content. You're not actually creating content just purely by looking at these different rows. And again, what it's supposed to do is help your content become a lot more relevant and specific, rather than just being like, I help you achieve optimal health. And hey, are you looking to reach financial freedom? Here's what I can do for you. It's the it's the art and the practice of getting more and more specific. Alright, right? Anna saying, any pointers if we have writer's block already feeling overwhelmed about mine? Well, the best thing that you can do to overcome writer's block is just to write about it more. So I would do an initial brain dump, because I know it can seem overwhelming right now, because you haven't actually sat down to do the exercise. All I want you guys to ask yourself is, what do people come to me for? What do I need to do to shift it, and what will their life look like afterwards? And just chunk it out so that you know, okay, these are the problems. And then ask yourself, if you have something written down like they want to come to me to overcome energetic blocks. Do they actually want to do that? No, what they want to do is ask yourself, what is the the result of of overcoming energetic blocks, or what would energetic blocks look like for them? Maybe it's people pleasing, maybe it's having resistance towards doing work. Maybe it's constant procrastination, maybe it's self sabotaging relationships like what? What does that actually look like? And then ask yourself, Okay, what do I do with them in my program when they work with me, what is the actual thing that happens to help them overcome whatever problem you just identified? And then once they overcome, or once they they do the thing, what is the life going to look like afterwards? What is the result they can expect? And you constantly want to ask yourself, what does that mean? What does that look like? Will they know what this means? So you're prompting yourself with those questions to make it more tangible, make it more specific, make it more relevant, make it more vivid. It's again, it's just an exercise to prompt you guys to go deeper and deeper into the different layers of how to make this more relevant to your clients.

Speaker 11  2:38:45
Jessica, I'm curious how important do you feel like this is to have in our bio, like, for example, on our Instagram bio, or like, you know, the typical I help statement, like, how important is that? Or should we for now focus on conveying that in our content.

Speaker 1  2:39:02
First Good question. So my response to this is that people don't buy based on what your bio says, meaning they probably won't even remember what your bio says, but what they will remember is the consistent sound bites of content that have spoken to the relevant needs that they have. So most people start with a very vague bio. So it could be like holistic nutrition practitioner, or it could be, you know, life coach, helping women overcome self sabotage, like it they it can start with being very broad. That's not what's going to keep people's attention. Your bio is simply to create curiosity and go, Oh, that's that's interesting. Oh, that's relevant. It is the content that is going to communicate what it is that you do, and your bio is likely going to change and evolve. The clearer you get on your niche, the clearer you get on who you serve, the specific problems that you solve. And I see this like inside neuro message all the time. People are consistently shifting their bios. The more clear they get on what that message is, but the only way for it to get clear is for you. To do exercises like this, which then informs your content to get better, which informs other people to reach out to you and for you to gain more feedback. And it just, it helps everything in your ecosystem become more tangible.

Speaker 11  2:40:12
Okay, that's really helpful, because I feel like I get so caught up on the perfect bio, and it's like, just do the content and practice everything we're learning through the content, and then through that the bio will become clearer to us correct

Speaker 1  2:40:26
precisely. I actually have a post I wrote on my train ride back from Toronto last week about this. I didn't know what to call myself for the longest time. I genuinely didn't, because I was something between a copywriter, but I wasn't just a copywriter, because that's not the only thing I would do, I helped people with like their brand categories. I helped people write content. I helped ideate bigger ideas. I helped with launches. There were so many different things that I did that all kind of fit within the category of marketing, but I also didn't want to just call myself a marketer that didn't mean anything. So for the longest time, all that my bio said was I write things that make you think and make people buy. That's it. That's all my bio said. Because I literally didn't know what to call myself. I didn't have a title. It wasn't until I started working with clients on a regular basis that they started saying like, Oh, I wish I knew that a messaging strategist like you existed six years ago. And I'm like, Oh, okay. One person just called me a messaging strategist. Next person would be like, Oh, you've helped me with my positioning so well. Thank you so much. Or your sales strategy has been so helpful in helping me, whatever. So now I'm like, oh, okay, I can see that I only help personal brands and whatever. I don't even remember what my bio says now, probably says something around the lines of like, messaging, positioning, sales strategist for personal brands. I think that was the last iteration of it. But again, no one's buying from me, because that's what my bio says. And they say, ah, that's what I need. What they're buying is watching my content and reading and listening and being like, Oh, I really resonate with the way that she communicates. I really resonate with the problem she solves, or I really resonate with whatever it is that she's doing. So the bio clarified itself. The more I put content out there, and the more I helped clients achieve certain results, and then I was able to look back and be like, What am I actually doing with people? Oh, that's what I'm doing. Okay, that's what my bio is now going to say. No problem, Kevin, are there six elements to messaging? Is what will fuel the worksheet? Or are they things that we need for our content? The six elements are almost like something I want you to refer back to to do, like, self audits on your content. So when you're looking at the messaging that you're putting out, let's say on LinkedIn, or the videos that you're uploading, I want you to look back and critically ask yourself, like, am I being tangible? Have I added specific imagery in this? Have I conveyed my values, or is it just all about my offer? Have I built emotional connection, or if I just become a mechanical talking head about, you know, the problems I see in the industry. So it's more of a tool to help you see, how do you build a well rounded messaging strategy that encapsulates all the different elements of what will get people to reach out to you? Because more often than not, people will get really, really good at like, being specific and tangible, but then they completely forget that they're a personal brand, and then they don't talk about their values, their values, their stories, like, it all becomes about like, their offer, offer, offer. And like, here's what you will get, and here's who will help. And they get really good with the copy, but then they're not really good at actually showcasing what makes them different. So it's just more of like a self auditing tool. So you can look back and be like, Ah, I see where my messaging is kind of missing the mark. Here. Awesome. All right, guys, well, thank you for sticking by. I know this today was a very long call, and like I said, we're this is not the end of our, our our journey. We have, we have some few weeks left. And as you guys know that the group is going to be open until December 20, meaning if you guys come up with things even far beyond what our calls cover, you can always post them in a group, and I'll be going in that group maybe once or twice a week after this program ends to give my feedback on things. So you have the flexibility to be able to give, you know, sends things to me, and for me to give you feedback on what you've worked on, because I do recognize that this is a lot like it's a lot for you guys to absorb, implement practice, and actually do something with so with all that being said, Kevin says, Would you archive the group or going back? No, so the group is not going to be archived. You guys will have access to the group. The only thing is, after December 20, I'm not going to be giving live feedback anymore, so I won't be able to give you guys, like personalized, custom feedback on what you post in there, many of you have asked, what are the opportunities to work together one on one in the new year, or what are ways that we can continue this work together? At the end of this program, I'll also add options of what that's going to look like. There's a couple of key offers I've created that is just going to be available to you guys. It's not available to the public. If you want to do a quick intensive with me. If there's specific things you've learned from this program that you want to put into practice, I'll be able to do that with you on a one on one call, but you guys will get access and information on that in the coming weeks. All right. Awesome. In the meantime, hope you guys have a great week, and I will see you guys on Friday. Awesome. Take care guys. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai