Unknown Speaker  00:54
Hello, hello,

Speaker 1  00:56
welcome, welcome, happy, Friday, everyone, welcome to our Q A, hi, hi, hi. Alright, let me get the chat going. I'm going to give you guys a minute. Get yourself settled, get your brains ready. Luckily, it's not a teaching call today. It's just a Q A, but you guys know we're going to go deep, so it's all good. It's all good. How are we all doing? How's everyone doing? On on this lovely Friday afternoon, evening, wherever in the world you are, we're doing good. Everyone's doing good. Thumbs up. Amazing. Kevin says, ready to go to sleep?

Unknown Speaker  01:35
Good luck sleeping after today's call. Yeah, right. You're going to be like, Wait, hold on a second. I'm going to be up all night with ideas.

Speaker 2  01:44
Awesome, guys. Alright, let's go ahead and get started. I know that people are going to be joining in as they slowly trickle in, but we'll go ahead and get started with some of the questions. So thank you for those of you who dropped it in the Q and A thread, there was also a couple of you who had posted questions in the group that I had asked to wait and bring to today's call, because I felt like there was way more context I can give when I am speaking, rather than me typing paragraphs on your on your questions there. So I'm going to be addressing those. There's also something else that I've been toying with, which I know you guys are not going to be opposed to, is I'm going one or two Office Hours sessions for the month of oh, we're doing funky things with internet again, aren't we? Okay? What I was saying, if you guys heard or not, I'm going to be I'm going to be opening up some Q and A sessions, or what I would like to call, like, office hours sessions for the month of December. And these aren't mandatory, and they're not going to be like, officially part of the program. But what I've realized is that there's a number of my clients, both between this program and my neuro message program, that have things that they want to discuss and get more custom feedback on that sometimes go beyond the scope of just what we're able to talk about here. Obviously, as you guys know, like this, this wasn't meant to be like a messaging, copywriting, marketing, how to launch, how to create offers, type of program. But I do recognize that it's, it's kind of naive to think about, you know, creating brands and talking about brands without thinking about some of those things. So what I would like to do is open up a couple of slots in December. They're going to be kind of first come, first serve, almost like when you're back in university and you've got your professor with open you know, with Office Hours and and you kind of go in, you drop in when, when you have a question. I would like to keep the context of the questions within the marketing space, like within the branding marketing space, meaning if you're coming with questions that have you know completely nothing to do with, with what we've learned in here, or things that are related to, like a secondary business or whatnot. It might not be the best time, but I recognize that many of you are going to be working on your messaging from here on out. You might be working on different elements of like the brand foundation and understanding like your your niche, or you might be putting out posts, and you might getting even be getting even more refined with who you're speaking to and how you're speaking to them. Some of you have already decided like, hey, the offer that I've created actually does not speak to the person that I want to be speaking to. And I know from just some of the discussions I've been having with a few of you, you're like, I'm actually realizing that the business I thought I was starting is not at all the business that I'm going to be making after taking this program. So I recognize a lot of things might be percolating for a bit, and I don't want to pressure you guys to have to have those questions or have to have those things figured out right now. And so I'm going to give you guys a bit of time. I know we're still at the beginning of November. We still have another call to wrap everything up next week, but I want to give you guys a couple of weeks to just like Re. Visit some of the content, because I know it's quite dense and I know it's quite heavy. So you guys can revisit, go through some of the, you know, the lessons. Go through some of the micro lessons that I've posted in the group. Maybe re watch some of the Q and A's if you haven't had a chance. And once things have kind of digested, and you have a little bit more of a clear idea as to what exactly those questions are, you can pop into some of those office hours. And like I said, I don't have dates for them exactly yet, but I'm going to be trying to do them a little bit earlier in the day. So for those of you who are in time zones that might not work exactly with our typical time zones, it might be easier for you to pop in, and especially for people who haven't really felt like they've had a chance to actually dive into all the content and then be able to come to these Q and A's, like, with questions prepared, at least that way, it gives you a bit more space to, just like, you know, digest the stuff and come a little bit more prepared to some of those calls. So again, they're going to be first come first serve. I'm not going to drop any threads or anywhere that you can, you know, drop your questions into. I will likely post announcements in the group in the in the month of December, so that you guys are aware of when there will be happening, and you know all the details will for sure be there. You'll also receive emails of just like a Hey reminder. We have an office hours. But again, it is not mandatory, so it's like, it's not part of this program. You don't have to show up. It's just really to kind of give you guys the space to take the content, do what you need to with it, and then come and be able to pick my brain. So that's the first thing. The second thing, as you guys saw I posted earlier today in the group that I'm going to be giving feedback on content pieces in particular, and again, there's also no pressure to have to submit anything. I know that we haven't really gotten into messaging and content writing or copywriting principles, but I know some of you have worked on some things that you would want to get my eyes on before the end of the program. So I've posted instructions in the group on how to submit that and what's permitted, what's not permitted, all of that. So if you guys have something you want me to take a look at, feel free to drop it into that thread. I will be taking a look at them probably Tuesday and Wednesday of next week. So as long as your content piece, or whatever it is you want me to review is posted by Tuesday, I believe I said by 9am Eastern I'll I'll go ahead and I'll give my feedback on that. Okie dokie, Are we all set announcements out of the way? Great. Okay, let's get into this. So before I get into the thread. Jessica Sutter, I think you had a question in the group, and I wanted to address it with you, because I felt like there might be a little bit of back and forth needed before we actually like solidify where you are, where you've landed. So any extra context or anything else that has come up. Since you posted that question, I would love to

Speaker 3  07:46
know. Oh, my, Okay, hello. A lot of things are always happening in my brain. I bet Yes, so and then, well, we had an election here. Mm, hmm, holy shit. A lot of things have come up since that happened. So I'm kind of just sitting wondering why all of what has come up since the election happened has come up because it's been, I am not going to cry, but it's been a lot so, and it is making me wonder if what's coming through me right now is part of, well, I think it is very much a part of all of this, and what I was sitting down With and writing out. And I feel like I there's so much, because I have been doing this for a good solid 18 years. Things have morphed and changed, and what came to me at one point today, because things are coming, it feels very much in like rapid fire in the last few days. At the core, like if you ask me what it is that I am supposed to help people with, it's for them to know themselves very deeply that they are the answer to their own questions, to their own struggles. One of my boxes of tarot cards, when you open it up, inside the lid, it says you are the medicine, and that's incredibly what I embrace like that's how we go about any session that I'm doing with anyone is start at the beginning and figure out what's happening right now and go from there. And so sometimes when I'm looking at all of this, I feel like I don't have terribly concrete answers to the questions. Because it depends a lot on who's sitting in front of me and what's going on with them, but it feels very much, especially in the last few days, based on people's feelings, based on our election, that I I am meant to help people understand themselves, very much more deeply, and their power and their intuition and what we absolutely have been told to forget I'm not even told it's just indoctrinated in everything, because that's been what I have had to do. Yeah, when Marsha was sharing the other day about being Catholic and growing up Catholic and teaching and all of that, I was like, on the edge of my seat, because, yes, that's a lot what I had to undo when my children were babies. Now they're not, and they're older, and 18 plus years later, I've been through a lot of things, and I've walked through a lot of stuff, and what I am able to do for people, there's a lot of and there's a lot of people around here, in me, or around me that have a lot of credentials. Most of mine

Unknown Speaker  11:33
is experience.

Speaker 3  11:36
And I feel I've stepped I've actually kind of, if you like, look at the amount of time and things that I have read over the course of 18 years. And I am an Aquarius so and a teacher, so I absorb information a lot. In fact, I two years ago, stopped and I didn't read anything for several years, because it was time for me to just integrate, instead of being all of the things that I was learning, and I actually stepped away from my business quite a bit, and I think a lot of that was to start embodying things better and really just getting a lot deeper, because I wanted to get very much deeper, and all of it because I didn't feel like if I didn't do that, which we are learning here, that I was going to be valuable in the ways that I need to be. And so I purposely don't really have credentials, because I homeschooled my kids for quite a while, and we unschooled, so school here looked like, what do you want to do today? And it was fabulous. And I think school should just be that way, because, again, we are our own compass, and if we start out that way in the world, and we know that that's what we need to follow. That's all we're going to follow. And I, my oldest daughter, wanted to go to school, and I purposely, like intended that if they ever wanted to do that, then that's what they needed to do, and that was part of their path. And yes, that's exactly what needed to happen. But then all of a sudden, I knew everybody had to go to school so they didn't all like end up having the become your own compass aspect. And I'm leaving that up to life to because that was completely, I don't want to say it's completely out of my hands, but I knew my kids needed to go to school, and they needed whatever that was going to provide for them, for whatever reason. But watching my oldest daughter go about her life right now, she's just turned 21 and it's one of the things. Being a mom is the first and foremost, most important thing to me, and watching her live her life right now, and even my oldest son, it's the coolest thing ever, because they do very much just follow what is where they're being led. And they're astounding people, and I don't ascribe a whole lot of that to myself, because I let that all be, which is me doing that, but all of that aside, and it's all wrapped up in all of this, because it just is. That's how I show up to everything that I do. And so when I'm, like, sitting down looking at I have to, like, figure out categories and domain content. And the other day, I was writing a response to some people. I haven't posted it yet because I'm sitting on it trying to decide how I don't know the right word, how much. I want to stand in the world right now and speak some truth, because there are some very hurt people in our country right now, and I understand that, but they're being bullies and abusive, and I have no time for that. And they haven't specifically called me out, but they have. They don't know that they have. So I wrote something the other day and explained in there the process of personal development. And I explained it like, beautifully, easily, effortlessly, didn't even have to, like, try to make sure I said all of the things right? It just was there. And I thought, well, that's what I do. But is it deep enough? And did it get to the core of it enough? Because I said my category was alternative healing and lifestyles, but when I wrote that it was personal development and growth. So how do I know which thing that it is? I also said my domain was like trauma healing, but I don't know what I do is at because that's part, a huge, part of the process that has to happen so, but I don't know, like, if that's it, because there's a lot of things,

Speaker 1  16:29
yeah, yeah, okay, well, thank

Speaker 2  16:35
you for sharing, because I think it gives me some really good context as to where you're at and How you think. I think one of the things that I want to make abundantly clear, and not just for you but everybody else on this call, is that nobody's paying you for having clarity on what your category and domain are. What they're paying you for is knowing that there is either a need or a goal that you are fulfilling for them that they know they have acknowledged that they need support on and our job as creators and our job as leaders in our own respective industries is simply to show up consistently with a message that solves either an issue or helps people shift their perspective and gain an alternative view on their current situation. That is why I say we're not here to sell. We are not here to convince. We're not here to persuade those things happen as a byproduct of us having a very viable solution and in being able to stand in conviction in what we do, credentials aside. And you know, what makes us actual experts or not aside, what people need to see is that they are heard, seen, understood and felt by another human being who either through their training, their experience, their way of moving through the world, have come to a place of being able to guide others to where they also want to be. What builds trust is not the credibility and the credentials or the, you know, degrees and certifications that you might have. It is your ability to consistently demonstrate that you understand where your audience is at and what they need from you right now, some of the biggest investments that I've made, and you guys can probably chime into this as well. I have not looked at what the credentials of that person is. What I've looked at is looking at their content and asking myself, do I see myself as the person that they are describing, have they demonstrated to me their expertise in a very particular domain that is very relevant to where I'm at right now? And these don't have to be very tangible either. I think again, one of the beliefs that oftentimes gets misconstrued is that, oh, we make, we make investments into people who make big promises around, you know, what specific outcomes they can provide for us. That hasn't been the case most of the times when I've invested, or even peers of mine or clients of mine, when they've invested into someone, it's because this person or this brand has consistently showed up by demonstrating how they can alter your reality, or they can help you achieve some form of transformation that you know you need right now, whether it's in your health, your relationships, your your own relationship to yourself, how you are showing up for yourself and so all of this to say, I almost want you and even a couple of other people in this group that have advised to do this as well, to take a bit of a backwards approach to branding, instead of trying to find your message and find what that category, what that domain, what that specialty is, allow it to come to you, allow your message to simply be whatever it is that you feel called to speak about right now, without thinking about. Who is it going to reach? Are they going to understand it? Is it going to be clear enough? Because the answer to that is probably going to be no. It's probably not going to be clear enough. But you know what? It's okay, because the only way to getting it clear is for you to consistently be producing what is real, raw and relevant for you right now, and refining it as time goes on. The best personal brands were forged out of this is what I know to be true right now. This is my perspective. This is how I've led my life. This is how I've solved issues for people in the past. And it hasn't had shape and form and structure to it, meaning it hasn't had a name or a brand or a logo or an offer. None of that has been clarified, but what it does have is that it holds a very strong Ponce of this is what I know to be true. This has been my truth, and this is how I want to create a movement in my space with what I know right now and as time goes on, the actual message and the actual offer, the actual domain and category, solidify over time, because the more you speak about what is your current truth, and the more people engage with what you've created, the easier it is for you to take that feedback and apply it to Ah, interesting. I thought I was in the trauma healing space, but what I'm noticing is that I'm actually working with a lot of mothers who have this particular type of shame. Huh? Interesting that I attracted a lot of people that have the same issue. Maybe that's my niche. Maybe that's my message. Just like how when I started in my copywriting world and everything that I was doing, I didn't have a particular domain. I didn't even know that like messaging for personal brands was my thing. What I knew was that I was really good with words, and so I went out there and started creating content around why it's so important to have very specific words to describe the value of what you do. But at that point, I could have helped brick and mortar businesses. I could have helped online businesses. I could have helped companies like I could have helped like I could have helped anyone who had anything to sell. But over time, I started recognizing, huh, it's so interesting that it's the personal brands with transformational services that are more attracted to how I think I started noticing that brick and mortar businesses were not very attracted to the way that I would write right? They really wanted direct response, style, copy. I didn't really want to write direct response. And so what I did is that I started to adapt my message to the people that I was slowly attracting, but I didn't know I was attracting those people at first. So that's why I say that you want your brand and your niche to find you. You don't want to find it as backwards as that is, because everything I've taught you guys up until this point is like getting really particular with Where are you at, what are you solving? What's the problem, you know, what's the promise? Like, I'm getting you guys to kind of slowly, slowly narrow down into the specifics. But like I said at the beginning of this course as well, the purpose of this course is to kind of give you the steps and to give you the visibility of what needs to happen. But if you're in that pre branding stage, you want to make sure that you see this as the end goal at some point in the near future. You can even say 1235, years from now, you will have clarity on what the category, what the domain, what the specialty is. But for the time being, you might just know that I'm in the category of helping people get reconnected to themselves. I'm in the category of, you know, people feel that they are displaced within themselves. People don't have the tools to emotionally regulate. People have fallen into these traps of familiar conditioning, and they don't know how to break out of it. People follow a path because it's what they've been told they need to do. And I have some perspectives on that. I have some perspectives on people who have inner child issues and they don't know how to overcome them. Let me just start there. Let me just start sharing my perspectives on the things that I know to be true right now and over time, you'll get more and more and more specific

Speaker 3  24:01
cool, so I'll just keep doing my bending.

Unknown Speaker  24:05
Keep doing what you're doing. Yeah,

Speaker 3  24:07
yeah, but I have and so sometimes that it's if I can ask this question when I'm writing and I'm writing from and I think maybe I know the answer to this already, just based on what we've been doing here, but things that I have written that I feel strongly about and think that I wrote them well and that they are they're going to be something inspiring and astounding to people don't seem to get a lot of interaction or recognition. And so is that because I have been more like mindful this week, especially in this next thing that I'm writing, um. Um, of being more specific about certain words or things like that. And I think that may be useful, um, but it it's well, it's disheartening when I'm actually saying what I really feel about things, and maybe I'm not fully saying it, because I'm being careful, and I am, and I know that I have been, because that was one of the reasons I pulled back, because I actually offended and bothered my mom so much that she responded to a post on Facebook, and that was a lot, and that shut me down a lot, um, and that was few years ago, so I'm working on coming back from that, but then I started being more careful about what I was saying, and that's hard, because now you're filtering, yeah, so I have to figure out how to be able to have that, yeah, be able to share what I want to share, and have her deal with it. We're in a different place now too, so that's more useful, but I don't know if I've considered starting a different Facebook group or page, not group, just another personal page. And I did try that for a while, but it felt overwhelming, because then it was like trying to manage too many things, and I already have now six children and a grandson and all of this. And I'm managing a couple of things, so I'm trying to streamline a lot of things right now. Yeah, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  26:52
So there's, there's, there's two pieces to

Speaker 1  26:56
writing content and maybe not seeing the engagement, maybe not seeing the, you know, expectation of how things are going to be received. I think there's the first part of this is the internal, I

Speaker 2  27:13
don't want to say the internal filtering, but there's, there's a part of us that sometimes we have to be honest with. Are we writing to be seen, or are we writing to put things out there? And I think especially with social media, engagement has become kind of like the top metric of looking at whether we are succeeding or not succeeding, whereas we know that engagement is not actually an accurate measure of who is reading our stuff. Are they actually consuming it? Are they creating, you know? Are they, you know? Is it actually permeating with the right people? What we want to make sure that we're doing is that in the beginning stages of our business, we're detaching from how our content is being viewed, and instead, we're just focusing on building momentum. It's kind of like having a car in first gear, and you're not seeing it move very quickly, and you're wondering, why is it not moving really quickly? But it's that initial thrust that's needed to get the car going. It's really hard to not see immediate results, and it's also really hard to feel like you're just speaking into the void. But I can speak from my own personal experience and from the experience with my clients once again, that if you're able to stick through that period of building momentum, that's when you start to see the momentum actually build up. Because you're no longer building a message to be seen or to be liked or accepted or validated. You're building a message because you believe in the thing that you're standing up for, regardless of whether it gets two likes or 200 so that's the component where we need to just be like we're we're publishing for the sake of publishing and being heard, not publishing for the sake of receiving, you know, input. That's that's the first part. The second part, which I think you're doing a good job of already, is making sure that when we are writing and we are expressing ourselves in the way that we want to express. We go back to what we've written with a bit more of an editor hat on, and we ask ourselves the questions that we covered earlier this week around the specificity, the tangibility, the relevance. Can the person who I'm speaking to see themselves in this post? Do they understand what the actual takeaway is here? I can't tell you guys how many posts I've read that are beautiful and poetic, but if I had to honestly ask myself, did I actually understand what the main point of that was? The answer is no, and this is where our critical writing skills need to come into place. And again, I understand that we haven't really gotten into the critical writing skills in this course in particular, but we want to ask ourselves, is it clear what the actual message like, what the thesis statement of that post was, what did I want my reader or listener or viewer to take away from what I just shared? What was the purpose and intention of sharing? Message. Where does it fit in the overall brand image that I'm building? Is it a personal opinion? Is it something that is an insight I want my audience to take away? Is it a perspective shift? Am I warning them of something bigger, like we want to make sure that every interaction that people see from our brand are somehow building this image and this idea of who we are, what we stand for, what we want to be known for, what what we solve for people, what gap we're fulfilling, like they all part play a part in this messaging ecosystem that we're creating. So if we ask ourselves those questions more critically, when we write a piece, we're no longer just, you know, publishing something and being like, Oh, nobody, nobody understood it, and nobody liked it, or maybe some people took it out of context, right? We saw a lot of that happening this week, right? People saying stuff and things being taken way out of context. It becomes our jobs as the creator to make sure that we are not going to be taken out of context.

Speaker 1  30:57
Okay, that's very cool. All right, thank you. Thank you for sharing. This was great.

Speaker 2  31:04
All right, let me take a quick look at the chat. Make sure you guys are Kevin, could you dive a bit deeper on this? Organically, you attract people based on who you are as friends. So how could you truly trust the data? Can you give me a little bit more context on that?

Speaker 4  31:19
Yeah, sure. So good evening. First of all, when you go online, right, when you go organic, if you don't add anybody, you might write something, but you don't get any data because nobody's going to read it. So you have to add people. You have to add people to your network, etc. Now you're saying basically that you have to refine your message or positioning over time, but because you're adding the people, how do you how can you trust the data if those are not the right people? I said what I'm saying like, if I'm writing something and you engage with it, how can I trust that you are my kind of person at the end of the day, or not, like you understand what I'm saying?

Speaker 2  32:04
Yeah, the simple answer is you can't. There's elements of social media and our marketing and our message that we have control over, such as how we are expressing ourselves, how clear we're being, how tangible we're being, you know, are we? Are we convicted in what it is that we do? And then other elements that we can't control, meaning, I have almost, I don't know, 11,000 something followers on Instagram. I have no idea how, what percentage of those people are ideal clients, are actual people who engage and learn, versus people who are just following because I don't know they like my cigars. So it there's, like, there's, there's certain elements that we can have control over, and other elements that we can't this is where attraction marketing comes into place, where we're no longer obsessing over the data of how many people like this post, what did they comment? What was their feedback? And instead, we're focused far more on refining the message by us, refining the skill set, us engaging with the right people us putting out offers and see how it does. But we're not focused too much on like, well, how many people liked this post? How many people commented? Are the people commenting actually ideal clients? Your job is to just to go out there, put the stuff that you know is going to serve people out there, and then try to build strategic connections and relationships with the people in your audience.

Speaker 4  33:22
So you're saying, basically, you refine your message at the same time that you're adding people that you think are relevant. And that's the way you test everything. Because, like, if you put out an offer, and you have like, 11,000 people in your in your like, followers, right? And you put out an offer, nobody wants it, you might think like, oh, this offer sucks, but maybe those people are not the right people. So how can you engage with it, and how can you refine it over time, if you don't see like any traction from the right people, it's almost like you're trying to do the work and refine like in a pre branch stage right? Not when you are clear about what you're doing. Right. For example, Jessica, right? You put you put out content, but or an offer, or something like that, you try to test things, but at the same time you're not seeing the result, because those people are not the right people. But how do you know that they're not going to be the right people later on? Or how do you know that your offer is not right? That's what I'm saying.

Unknown Speaker  34:21
You don't. You don't know that. Okay, okay,

Speaker 2  34:25
that you don't know that there are people that have added me, or people who have followed me. I take a look at their profile, and I'm like, There's no way this person is an ideal client. Like, no profile picture, no nothing. And then they go and they buy some high ticket offer. There's no way of me knowing. There's literally no way of me knowing my job is to create content that attracts the right types of people. There's a number of posts I've made, let's say, on Instagram, that have gone viral and have brought a whole bunch of new people into my audience. Right? My purpose with that post was not for it to go viral. My purpose for it was, this is something I feel really strongly about. This is something I. Strongly believe in I'm going to put it out there. And guess what? The right types of people resonated with it, shared it, and it brought a bunch of new people into my audience. Now, how will I know that all of those people are ready to buy they're problem aware. They want to, you know, they want a solution that I have. I have no idea. So when we get overly analytical about our audience, that's when we start to slip into this transactional way of thinking as to like well, what do I need to say to get them to see me a certain way? How will I know if my offer is good enough? Your audience is not what validates if your offer is good enough or if it's needed, it is you as the expert that needs to have the conviction and knowing that this offer is needed because you've done enough observation, enough talking with different people, enough testing your methods to know like, oh, okay, I know that this offer is actually fulfilling a need in my industry. Now, of course, the offer can be refined. If you put something out there, nobody buys. The last thing I look at is like, how good the offer is. First, I'm looking at what is the messaging behind it? Or how convicted Are you in the actual offer you put put together? Like, did you put it together only because a mentor told you to or because, you know, you thought this was going to sell, or you thought it was going to be popular, or is it something that you've actually tested, validated, that you know is going to do good in the world? You know? How depth is your audience, right? How? How well do people know you, what you stand for your brand? Have you been able to actually demonstrate trust over time, like those things play far more of a factor in people buying than what the offer actually is?

Speaker 4  36:33
Yeah, so we're basically saying, when you're in a pre brand stage, be more proactive in the way you try to refine your message and all that,

Speaker 2  36:42
yes, exactly. And you can go your way to add people. I did that for quite some time. I even still do it now. I'm at a point now where, like, people find me, like, I don't need to go and start conversations or have coffee dates and stuff like that, but in the beginning stages, like, I would say probably 2017 to 2018 I was going into Facebook groups. I was going into different pages on different social platforms and looking at other people's followers, looking at who engages with what types of posts, commenting on their stuff, adding them, Hey, I saw you posted this thing. I really appreciated that perspective, like I was proactively building my audience. I didn't just start posting and people just came. I was proactively, going into groups that focused on copywriting, focused on funnel building, and I looked at what were the questions people were what were the problems they were having, and then if I saw someone consistently a question that I had an answer to, I would add them, because I knew they could see my content now that would probably solve their problems. So I was being proactive, but to control whether I knew there's they're an ideal client or not, I have no control, zero visibility, on whether the buy, whether they're

Speaker 4  37:48
Yeah, it makes sense. All right, yeah, yeah. It's more about understanding that it's being proactive. It's not about like knowing that a person comment the right people are not seeing it, or if the right people are seeing it, but they're not reacting to it. But yeah, I guess it's like getting proactive and really having talking to people, and having more data from what people are looking for, from what people are talking about, etc, yeah.

Speaker 2  38:20
And again, it's also understanding, like, where, where your level of control on that is and isn't right. So it's like, it's being able to turn between like, how much of this can I manipulate, versus how much of it is just kind of like chance and by who sees who sees

Speaker 5  38:40
it? Yeah, yeah, got it. Thanks. All right.

Speaker 1  38:45
All right, so let me turn to the thread now, do, do, do, let me Oh, they just reset. Give me a second, guys. Let me bring it back up. Let's see newest comments. Okay, so I have

Speaker 2  39:05
1234, awesome. Jordana, is you're not on the call. Are you on the call? Are you on the call? Yes or No, no, I don't think so. Okay, that's okay. I wanted to give an answer to her question, and I actually think she posted in the group, and a couple of you chimed in on it as well. And I think this is actually relevant for some of the other questions that have come up throughout the the course of this, this program. And it's around kind of like niching and hyper niching many people again, this is one of the things that we've had to kind of decondition from. Is the need for a very, very specific niche in order for your message to land in order for people to understand who you are, what you do. And I think every coach and their dog is telling you that you need to have a niche. You need to have a niche, or, you know, people are not going to pay attention, or your message is not going to be specific enough anyone resonate with that? Yes, so obviously, you guys know my stance on this. We did a whole lesson. On it as well, but there's still a couple of things I want to cover on the topic of niching, because the core thing I want you guys to remember when it comes to niching, or having specificity in who you are working with is not necessarily the demographic or the the description of that person. I always want you guys to think about what is the core need or goal as the primary niche. So in Jordan's question around moms and wanting to focus on older moms, younger moms, like moms with young kids, moms with older kids, my general overarching response to that is it doesn't actually matter their need for the work that she does, is the fact that they are being heard, seen, validated and held as mothers, because Mothers have a very specific way of thinking and psychographic that differ from just women in general, very different. I don't have children, and so the way that I might approach situations, that my viewpoints on the world, the way I choose to spend my days, is very different than someone who does have children. And you could be targeting like people my age do have children, but you could be targeting my age group, but whether or not they have kids or not is going to play a very big role in their needs, in their desires, in their values and in wanting to make a decision to want to work with someone or not. So when you guys are thinking about who am I targeting? It always comes back down to these two things, the need or the goal as being the primary niche, the the primary thing that categorizes who you're speaking to,

Speaker 1  41:59
and then your approach and your values. And you guys remember that diagram I showed you on on one of the I think it was one of the pre recorded calls that I did, the point where these two things meet, that's your niche.

Speaker 2  42:19
And this will refine itself over time this, this might get more specific over time, but it starts with you knowing your specialty, right? So what is the thing that you feel good in? And even if, like, just like I was telling Jessica earlier, even if you don't have, like, hyper specificity on what that thing is, you can start with what you know that you are good at right now. So let's say inner child work. It's very broad still, but inner child work is still something that you know that there's a need for. Now the question becomes, in the entirety of the world, who are the people that I feel really good supporting when it comes to inner child work with, and so you can rely back on your personal experience, on where you're at in life, in your professional development, and say, You know what? I've noticed that a lot of mothers have unresolved childhood wounds that are presenting themselves in how they are raising their children, and how they are balancing work and life, and how they might be over functioning in their marriage, in how they might be helicopter parenting. So start with that. Start with the need for, let's say, mothers who feel burnt out, mothers who feel overextended, mothers who feel guilt, like whatever that core problem is that you've identified. And then the types of people that will be attracted to your way of thinking are the people who resonate with your values. Jessica just shared about her homeschooling experience that might be a valuable piece of information, that when someone sees that, they'll say, I resonate with that so deeply. I've always wanted to homeschool my children, or I also have homeschooled my children. I also so value the fact that you want to be so present and want to be so involved in the process of them growing up and educating them and whatnot, versus somebody else who that might not mean anything to them. So when you're speaking to your approach to, let's say, motherhood, or your approach to the thing that you solve, and you're speaking to the relevant gap, the relevant need that is there, that is what slowly starts to attract your niche. It doesn't matter if you're speaking to 30 year old mothers or 52 year old mothers. Okay, so it's always the underlying need or the underlying goal. Remember, people are either moving away from something that they themselves have deemed problematic, or they're looking to attain a goal that they see as desirable, and yet they don't have the know how on how to make it happen. There's a those are the two primary motivators as to why someone would want to invest into a program, hire help get someone's support on anything. So once you've identified what is that need, or what is that goal, and how is it that you do or solve or approach it differently, start speaking to that. That is how you start with your niche any questions or reflections on this?

Speaker 1  45:50
Nope, we're feeling we're feeling good about that. Oh, there's a question. Jamie,

Speaker 6  45:58
everybody's no one should share on this, because in the beginning, around four or five years ago, we struggled. It was pre pre covid. You were so nerd, you were so educated to okay, you have to find a niche, you have to stick to that. You have to be known for that. And then covid hit. And then so many coaches began to become coaches, and then the comparison games start. And once you see what's going on, you get so confused, because, of course, you want to be like, right? But at the end, what I notice is that me becoming me showing up just a Jamie was a game changer, but I wish I had stick to that, because you, you, you tend to be a people pleaser, you tend to go with the masses. And then as you grow older, you begin to realize, like, No, this is just nonsense. Why am I putting myself a situation? Because they're right. You're raw, and authenticity is what's going to make you you. And the more, for example, the more I share my thoughts and the more controversial I went, because that's how I felt, the more money I made. So it's Yeah, and it was just like mind boggling every time I posted or just showed up. And it can be me either ranting, or me just being sharing my thoughts. It was I would Yeah, and it's just amazing. So backing up with this program, it's like, wow, Jamie, yeah, you always had it in you. You just had to trust your abilities, trust that you are the right path, because we tend to doubt ourselves so much. And I've taken courses where I paid 1000s, 1000s of money, and it's I have an ADH rate. I didn't know I had ADHD until last year, and it was when I see them. It's like we are so complicating ourselves, putting the pressure and having everything so perfect, and you end up doing nothing. Now I come here and I'm like, Oh, she just had a Google Doc. Like, okay, so you don't have to have, like, these magical slides and and all of that. So I wanted us to remind ourselves as well. You know, I'm sharing this because of that, that not everything has to be perfect, but it has to go and resonate with the people that you watch it for weeks. And that was like, if I have to take this one sentence of this whole this whole course was just literally, Don't over complicate ourselves, that's it. I want you to share that.

Speaker 2  48:37
Amen. Thank you for sharing. Because I also think that for a lot of new businesses, and I know you guys are in various different stages of building your business, but for a lot of new businesses, there's almost this pressure to have to show up in a certain way to be taken seriously. And this is no like, I'm not taking a dig at anybody in here, but this is just a general observation that I've made with people who are in the branding, getting, you know, building that conviction phase of where they're at, we will oftentimes overthink things that do not matter whatsoever, like our BIOS, like the breakdown of our sales pages, like the, you know, the cover photo that we're choosing for Facebook. And again, there's nothing wrong with wanting to make sure that you have a very coherent brand, but oftentimes I find that that is over compensation for a lack of confidence in what we actually do. There's a training I did inside neuro message back in like April, that for some reason it was just, it wasn't even a training. It was just one of those rants I went on, and people thought it was brilliant. I basically broke down the difference between pros and amateurs. And again, I don't mean to say amateur in a derogatory way. It's just that you you're like, you're not as experienced, or you're just, you're just starting out. And I broke down how amateurs have to have this very perfected, curated image where their posts need to be perfect. Everything needs to speak to a specific person. They also need to understand how everything. Works, and why everything works. And there's almost this, like, hyper fixation with not just perfection, but with needing to know, like, needing to know, what's the best post structure, what is the best platform to host? My course in like, they go down these rabbit holes of like, making sure that you know their email marketing stuff is like, perfectly hosted, and they have like emails going out exactly at the right times where people are going to open them. And in reality, the pros, pardon my French, don't give two shits about that. They do not give two shits. They show up and say what they need to say, sometimes in the most unfiltered way possible. They things are done kind of on a whim, like how this course was created. This was not, you know, months in the making. And, of course, there was a lot of research that was done, a lot of interviews I had done with people to kind of understand what the need is that I'm solving. But I didn't feel the need to have to, you know, record a whole 17 hour pre recorded, perfectly canvas, slided thing, I'm like, I have knowledge, I have wisdom, and I have things that I know, that I can solve for people. My focus was allowing you guys to have more direct access to me than to have this beautifully crafted course with support coaches and with, you know, all these nooks and cool things that will make things look good, and even the content for it was made on a whim. I did not sit down and strategize, you know what? What content am I going to post so that people can buy this program? It happened because it just naturally flowed from all the conversations I was having with people. So to Jamie's point, the pros have the conviction in what they do, and they focus less on the antics of will this headline convert? Is this email subject line going to get open rates? Is, you know, this post going to get the most amount of engagements? What type of call to action is going to bring the most amount of leads? None of that actually matters. What matters is that you're good at what you do. You feel very strongly convicted in the transformation that you can provide. You have a deep, deep, deep knowing and belief that there's people out there that can benefit from what it is that you do, and you consistently show up with a message that is speaking to those people. And when I say consistently showing up with a message that doesn't have to mean multiple times a day, or even once a day, it just means that when someone lands on your page, they can understand what makes you relevant. They can understand who you are. They can understand what you stand for, what you solve and why they would want to pay attention to you. That is it, all of the fancy things that you're seeing online as to like you need to have order bumps and you're you need to have your website designed a certain way. You need to have your sales page designed a certain way. And if you don't have this, you're missing out. If you're not creating talking head reels, you're missing out bullshit, bullshit. I'm telling you guys, like friends of mine, like anyone who's made over seven figures is just gonna tell you none of that actually matters. Like, really, none of that actually matters. Do you guys remember on the Olympics where that guy showed up, the guy from Turkey that just had his hand in his pocket with no equipment, with no nothing, he literally looked like he just walked out of a Walmart, took out a gun and shot and got silver, landed silver. That is the energy that I want you guys to think about with your marketing. And as a matter of fact, the more polished and the more you know, they had some of the Asians with, like, the freaking goggles and all of that. Like, none of that matters. Like, it looks cool. You look like such a pro. Like, look at me. I have a 17 Step Click funnel. People don't buy that. They want to buy you. They want to feel your energy. They want to be like, oh, this person really had something to want to share. One of my favorite clients, and her and I became really good friends. And I say favorite, not that I play favorites, but someone that I feel like we just resonate at the same level. She invested into a $30,000 program that I was also a part of. I was a support coach, and I wasn't a it wasn't my program, and she like, learned all these fancy tactics and all these things that you need to do, and how to close people on sales calls and needing to get the credit card on the call, because then people walk away and they don't, you know, they don't buy and and all these, like, sales tactics. And she said she walked away from that program, and she just decided to forget everything that she learned, and instead, she just showed up on a daily basis, going live and going on rants about things that clients complain about, and going on rants and not negative rants like these rants didn't have to be like derogatory, but she just simply opened up and shared about her perspectives of what women are facing in the space, and she was a relationship coach. So why are women not experiencing the love that they want? Why are women having so many issues with intimacy? Why are women having such difficult times in their dating and relationship life? Whatever? She just continued to speak about it. And again, her message refined over time. It started off with like women's issues in relationships, and then it slowly started to get even more specific and even more specific, and now she does a whole. Bunch of like energy management and all of that for women who want to be the breadwinners and whatever. So she's got this really specific offer now, but again, her entire strategy was show up talk about something that I'm passionate about. When people reach out or when people engage, build genuine relationships and connections with them. Acknowledge them for commenting, acknowledge them for messaging, build those connections and really make sure that you're not treating people like leads. You're not treating them like, what do you call them like? Yeah, like leads or like, you know, just people who are like, Oh, I'm inquiring about services. Actually show that you genuinely care. When someone commented something thought provoking, she would message them, hey, that was a really thought provoking comment. Thank you. Like what really stood out to you from that poem? That post? Like, genuinely building connections with people. Now she's got a six figure business, like, probably two years after we both left that program, has got a six figure business. Does not have a website, does not have, like, a core offer that she talks about. Everything is just purely from inbound DMS of people being like, I just freaking love the way your brain thinks that's it. Her offer is her brain. Her entire business is how she speaks and how she presents herself. And yes, of course, people now know her for you know, being in the relationship space, and she's gotten really controversial. She's definitely a lot more conservative leaning with some of her viewpoints. But that's polarizing. Some people love it. Some people hate it. She's also got bashed and dragged through the internet streets, but she doesn't care, because she's like, I'm convicted in what I stand for, and this is what I believe in. And if you don't agree with me, that's fine, because my marketing is also supposed to repel So anyway, the whole reason why I'm sharing this with you guys is is not to kind of boast about this, this individual, but to just demonstrate to you that we do over complicate things. We sometimes take things way, way fat, far past what we should be thinking about. The only actions that are actually lucrative in your business is you working on your skill set and making sure that you're getting better at delivering the thing that you actually do, and learning how to talk about it from multiple different angles so that people can feel connected to that. That is it. If I could just summarize business in two steps, that is it, the antics, the webinars, the slides, the which platforms should I be on? None of that matters. Whatever platform feels like the most natural to you. I have clients of mine that have sub stacks and podcasts, and they've never made a single Instagram post in their life. I have others that have built their entire platform off of Facebook. They don't email, nothing else. They're nowhere else, and that is it, whatever platform feels the most natural to you.

Unknown Speaker  57:37
Alright, let's keep going. I'm done ranting for today.

Speaker 2  57:41
Alright, Kevin, you had a couple of questions. Here, so I'm going to read them, and if there's any further context that you want to give you, can you can chime in. So your first let me hold on a second. We move our faces. There we go. Your first question was, I never understood how to apply the level of awareness to social media and traditional marketing. So add to landing page. It makes total sense, but with organic audience on social media, it hurts my brain. Okay, any more context you want to provide with that?

Unknown Speaker  58:08
No, I think it's pretty straightforward. I think that,

Speaker 4  58:13
yeah, okay, what I'm struggling to understand is, how do I know which stage like, what stage to pick the person that I want to talk to, and which states they are in in order to build my content strategy, let's say so I can say, like, yeah, some like, most of my content will be educational. Then I'm going to have an offer post or something like that. But I never understood how to really implement that, so I wanted to get

Speaker 2  58:41
your insights on it. Okay, so there's, there's two planes of thought, and both of them kind of overlap. The first one goes back to what I said earlier, around the fact that you don't actually have control on where people are at in their awareness phase. We also have to keep in mind that audience members will come and go, meaning we'll have new people joining our world on almost on a daily basis, and we will also have people that will not always see everything that we post. So this chronological way of posting that has been taught where it's like, let's say, Make five to six value posts and then follow up with an awkward post, doesn't necessarily always work, because the way that social algorithms are set out is that not everybody is going to see every single post. It just so happens that maybe someone is only going to see your offer posts and never see your value post whatsoever. So what we want to make sure that we're doing is recognizing that our ecosystem of our audience is consistently changing, and what that means is that we want to have an equal balance of all the different awareness levels that are consistently being shared, and they don't have to be done in any particular order. However, we do know from stats and just from general conversion knowledge that people who are problem aware and solution aware are more likely to make a commitment and are more likely to buy than someone who is. Symptom aware. And if you guys remember, we talked about the different levels of awareness, and I forget exactly which lesson it was in. I think it was in the demand building one in this part two of the demand building right? What we talked about was the symptom aware. People are the ones who recognize that something is not right, something is not going their way. They're not getting some results, but they don't know what to attribute it to, and so your job as the creator is to educate them deeper on their problem, help them understand what's actually causing them to be stuck where they're at. What are the reasons why they haven't been able to make process at progress, and help them kind of get a deeper understanding of their current state. Now that person is likely not going to be ready to jump the gun and buy you, but that person is probably going to want to pay attention if you speak directly to their symptoms. Now, with that being said, the symptom aware types, types of posts are probably the least common or the least converting ones that you want to have if you're focusing on getting people into your world, you want to speak to the problem aware person, that's probably going to be your most profitable type of person to speak to. So how to target this person when you're speaking to the problem aware person, you're speaking to the person who's a little bit further ahead in terms of knowing themselves and knowing what exactly their issue is, this person is also on the prowl for a solution. They're looking for something that is going to solve whatever their issue is. So they've given themselves a diagnosis, and now they're probably testing every method that they're coming across. The psychographic of this person is, I need to solve this issue. Who's going to have a solution that works best for me, or what type of solution is going to work best for me? This is where insight plays a key role in you being able to stand out from competition or other people. I would want you to focus and especially if you're in the pre branding phase. I know most people would say you probably want to speak to symptom awareness. I would actually argue that you would want to speak to problem aware and problem aware, because in the pre branding phase, you want to start to carve a name for yourself for the way that you solve a problem. So what you want to do is you want to speak to the person in your case, Kevin in particular, that is aware of the fact that they're not showing up as their authentic self. They might be overwhelmed by the amount of information that they need to consume and apply on a regular basis. They might be confused whose method or strategy to follow. They might be putting too much emphasis on strategy, like in terms of, oh, I need to follow this person's 10 step program, or this person six steps to whatever. And as a result of that, they might be feeling burnt out. They might be feeling a bit resentful towards the business. They might be feeling a little bit like they need to be someone other than themselves to start getting results. And so your job now becomes to educate them on what is it that they actually need to do instead? What are some of the myths, the misconceptions, the mistakes that they might be falling for. What are some of the things that are common knowledge or common practice that you actually take a stand against? Like that is going to be your focus? And I would say probably the bulk of your content is going to focus on those people.

Speaker 4  1:03:19
So for example, the kind of things I will be calling out will be don't focus on how you format your post and making it look perfect, because that's basically not showing as yourself. It's just showing as someone else and trying to Okay, but, but then those people, how do they know about the problem?

Speaker 5  1:03:40
Like they're not specifically acknowledging that,

Speaker 4  1:03:49
or maybe they are. So there's like, there's a dissonance between who they are at their essence and how they feel like they have to show up because of all the the the amount of information you're getting. So those people that are aware of this means that they are of the problem. And now I can just talk to these people, and in my post, I will talk about their problem, the misconceptions, but also lead them to the solution that I have about that that's

Unknown Speaker  1:04:18
right. Okay, got it.

Speaker 2  1:04:20
And when you're focused on organic market, keep in mind that with organic you you do want to be speaking to a more aware person, because the goal of organic is to get people to reach out to you and say that really resonated with me. What's the solution if you're only speaking to the symptom aware person, they're still in the self discovery learning, what the real root cause of their problem is. They're less likely to reach out, to be like, what's your solution? They're more likely to keep tabs on you, to learn more about what their problem is.

Speaker 4  1:04:50
Yeah, that's like in copywriting. You have a link page you want to educate them, just to the next step, not to all the thing exactly, but. So, so up until now, what I was trying to do is really get granular to what is it that they're experiencing in the day to day. For example, you get on a call and then you get ghosted after you say, you say, the price. But this is just a symptom. It's not the person that is problem aware, basically, because they're just like, Oh, I get ghosted, but I don't know why.

Speaker 2  1:05:19
Okay, this is how you can turn that into a problem awareness post. Because you're right, that is a symptom, but it is you're writing problem awareness posts. You are still speaking to the symptoms of the person who is problem aware. Here's what I mean, they might have an awareness that the way that they showed up to that sales call was scripted, or it was very mechanical. So it's like, you know, you show up on the call, you do exactly what your sales coach has told you to do. You follow the script. You build rapport. You know, you do whatever it is that you need to do, and you are so sure that you know you did everything correctly. And yet the person now goes or decides not to join, and you start to question, you know, what is it about the way that you've been showing up on these calls that is actually turning people off when you've been doing everything correctly? And so what you're doing is you're acknowledging the fact that they're they're doing what they need to do, which is showing up on the sales call perfectly. But the actual root of the problem is that they're not fully being themselves. And you can even hint to this in this post, and be like, you might feel like following a script is mechanical, but you've been told this is the way that gets conversions. Or you might feel like giving them a long pitch at the end doesn't feel natural, but you do it anyway, because that's what you've been told that is going to lead to a sale. And so you're speaking to that underlying already knowing factor, where they're like, Yeah, I already I could tell that I'm being inauthentic, but I feel like this is my only option. I feel like this is the thing that's going to work,

Speaker 4  1:06:48
yeah, yeah. Whereas what I was trying to do is, what I was trying to do is to lead them to believe that their marketing is not on point, and therefore they're attracting the wrong people. Now it's a little and that is the symptom aware people. But the more specific is, like, you already you suspect that this is the problem. And I'm just shining the light on that and saying, like, Hey, this is your problem, actually,

Speaker 2  1:07:13
yeah, and you can still speak to the symptom aware person. I'm not saying don't speak to them whatsoever, especially there are going to be a lot of symptom aware people who are like, I don't get it. Why is my marketing not working? Or I've been posting three times a day, why am I not seeing clients like you will still have people like that, and it will still be a part of your brand to educate them on why exactly, it's not just following the marketing tactics that's going to get them clients. But the people who are more likely to be open to a solution are the people who already have acknowledged that they're being inauthentic in their marketing. Yeah.

Speaker 4  1:07:47
Now, like, one of my mentors used to say, like, get the people that are closer to the hole. Like, if you play golf right closer to the hole, yes, gotcha,

Speaker 2  1:07:57
who I'd focus on. Okay, awesome. Okay, great. Next question, you said you feel some wobbles in your new angle. I love to workshop it a little bit more. Have a hard time articulating the importance of the person behind the brand without going deep into the psychology and becoming a psychologist slash mindset person. I'm working with my patients on their identities, but it's a long process, and offering super messy your post about authenticity was spot on, and what I want to do, the Halloween post was great, and I'm not sure how to incorporate that into my process without looking okay. So is there

Unknown Speaker  1:08:27
anything you wanted to add to that?

Speaker 4  1:08:32
I loved your post about the Halloween post, and it really like it resonated with me. Was like, this is this is exactly what I wanted to articulate, right? But the problem is now, if I take it back to what I know, the identity work and all that, it's a messy process. It's not something that is really straightforward, like, hey, work on this, and then you work on this, and then you work on this, and then in a week, we already can move to the brand building part. So my whole issue is, right? It's like, so my whole issue is, and what, what you've been doing in this in this program, is kind of like what I'm trying to do, maybe I will go a little bit deeper, based on my my training as a psychologist, but like, I want to be able to do this right, to move really fast, not fast. Like, just, like, move fast, because I don't care. But, like, move fast into, hey, let's work on this clear, work on this clear, work on this clear but what I feel like is, I don't know how to tie it all back to Okay. Work on yourself, the person behind the brand, not as work on yourself, like hey, work on your mindset, work on your psychology, identity, whatever self concept. Work on yourself to figure out, what would the what would you do in a week number two with you, work on yourself. Get a little bit deeper, and then we can move on to your messaging, etc, etc.

Speaker 2  1:10:00
Yeah, okay. This is where framework creation and principle based teaching comes into play. And this doesn't just go for you, but for multiple other people on this on this call, that also have what I call messy processes to get client results, meaning you can't, like, Kevin, you in particular, like, let's say, if you have a patient in front of you, you can't say, Hey, by the way, in six weeks, you're going to feel confident, right? You can't promise that outcome, because with therapy, or even anything within the medical space, you you can't control that outcome, right? The beauty of it is when, let's say, you're in business, so for example, when I have an entire brand identity module inside my mentorship program. I don't promise that by the end of, let's say, 12 weeks it takes to go through the first brand identity module. I don't promise that you're going to have a solid brand identity. I'm going to promise that you're going to have access, and you're going to be exposed to all of the principles of brand building, or brand identity building, just like how inside this program, not all of you are going to walk away having absolute clarity on everything that we spoke about, but now you have the tools and the principles that you can come back to so with what you're going to be doing with your clients in this capacity is under that identity pillar, you are going to come up with your own, your own version of, what is it that they need to know? What is it that they need to be clear on? And it can be, it can be a process. It could be a miniature framework. It could be a like, a small method, where it's like, let's say you have three angles to identity, and they need to know these three things, and even if they haven't worked through all of that with you and feel super solid, and they're like, now I can be authentic. Like, before the 12 week period, I couldn't be authentic, but now I can be authentic, right? That might not but what's going to happen is that they're going to know the structure of what is required in order for them to be authentic. And then you can say, okay, great, let's move on to the message piece now,

Unknown Speaker  1:12:06
and that is something that they might go back to.

Speaker 2  1:12:11
Because here's the thing, when I used to teach copywriting and copywriting only, I could not promise that I can take everyone in the same cohort to go from not being good at copy to being good at copy all at the same time, because everyone had different learning styles. Everyone had a different pace that they would implement. Everyone had different skill sets. Some people were naturally very gifted at language. Other people really struggled. So I couldn't make an overarching promise that, you know, in 12 weeks, you're going to go from really shit copy to high converting copy. But what I could promise is that every week you're going to learn a new principle of copywriting that is going to make you better. It's going to make you stronger. And by the end of that 12 week period, some people became really strong. Other people needed to revisit some of those principles. And so when you have principle based teaching, you are not promising, the end outcome you are promising. These are the core principles. And then as things come up, like, for example, you might move on to messaging, and you'll notice that they'll have some resistance to putting a message out there, because they're afraid of backlash. Okay, that's going back to some of the identity piece. Let's workshop that together, because if you're having some resistance to putting a message out there, even though you feel clear with the message, chances are there's still a part of your identity that doesn't feel comfortable in sharing your truth. Let's explore just like you would with a patient.

Speaker 4  1:13:38
But then two questions that come up, like the first one is, isn't it better to talk to someone again? That's that's closer to the whole so that I don't have to deal with those people that are not going to get the results at the end of it. And the second thing, and it ties back like, so then the tangible outcome is not going to be like, you're going to have a brand that evokes desire, whatever it is, it's going to be like you're going to have a solid understanding of what you need to implement into your brand. But, okay, how can you be more alluring to people in a sense that I get the you're gonna evoke desire is sexy, right? Like, you want to be able to do that, but you're gonna have a brand, a solid brand, like, you know, like, how can I be bring it

Speaker 2  1:14:30
back to bring it back to, if they were to, okay? So if the promise, the sexy promise, is you evoke demand from the right people, ask yourself, what is it about the identity work that you're going to do with them that actually leads to that result? That's the question. Because to me, it's not just you're going to have a brand that evokes desire, because anyone can also make that promise. Someone who builds needles can also make that promise the actual, tangible takeaway that they're going to learn from you. Do is have the clarity or the conviction, or have the ability to show up as your true self, or no longer feel pulled to follow other people's strategies or own like have your message that comes from within. You're no longer looking to other people so that you can build a magnetic brand that is truly you and that calls in the people that resonate with your values.

Speaker 4  1:15:25
And so basically, the Yeah, so basically you're saying at the end of it, like the byproduct of having a strong identity and being convicted and all that will be that you will build a brand that evokes desire, basically. But before I can get people to get there, I I will promise, basically, the strong identity and the conviction and all that. Okay, correct. Got it So, going back to the the original question, how can i The Little wobbles that I feel is this? It's that what I'm saying, and I don't know if it's if it's if it sounds good, and I would love to know what you think like there's a mismatch between who you are and how you show up, which leads you to trying to follow everything that you see online like you need to format this way. You need to use a newsletter. You need to do things that are not necessarily aligned to you, with you, or not necessarily things that you want to do in your business. You don't want to work that hard in your business, whatever it is, right? And so now this is the problem. This is the MPP, and then the psi would be, I'm going to help you figure out how you want to show up, how you want to be, how do you want to do your marketing and all that by having a strong brand that is grounded in you, in what you are aligned with and your values, your philosophies, your personality, your perspective, etc.

Unknown Speaker  1:17:08
And, yeah, go ahead, I

Speaker 2  1:17:09
was gonna say your psi, which is the primary selling idea. So the primary thing that you're trying to get across is in order to have a brand that consistently evokes desire from the right person today, you need to have a brand that is built on authenticity, not strategy. And in order to have a built a brand built on authenticity, you need to have a clear idea on your identity and have developed a strong conviction in who you are, so you are not swayed by trends, so you're not swayed by external strategies, but instead, know how to convey your ideas, your philosophies and your insights in a way that connect with the right people. That's what you help people do. The reason why that's your psi is because the whole purpose of why you do this is because you're helping them build a brand that stands out and brings in demand, and the only way to do that is to be authentic. It is not to follow a script. It is not to outsource your your

Speaker 4  1:18:21
I hate that fucking hate the word authentic is like a buzzword nowadays, like, I have to decondition people to like, what is authenticity and what is it's not right? Everybody online tells you, like, show up authentically and talk about your whatever, your dog Rex that died when you were six years old. And ever since then, you're stuffing your face with, like, I don't know, lemon pie or whatever, like, that's bullshit, right? And so

Speaker 2  1:18:47
I have to, yeah, this is where you get to create your own definition, or create your own branded concept. Like, perhaps authenticity is not the word. Maybe you can have a play on words. Or, for example, when I taught, like authority architecture, authority, everyone talks about becoming an authority that that's now become another buzzword where everyone's everyone's you, right? But if I use the term authority architecture and then I give a definition, I give a structure of like, for example, there's these eight things that you need to have to have a strong authority architecture. Now that has become my branded concept. Now it's no longer false word. Now it's something that I define. I'm the one that teaches

Unknown Speaker  1:19:27
gotcha, yeah, so that's what I want.

Speaker 4  1:19:33
Okay, okay, so I got the psi of that. And could you? Could you remind me what is the core message like, how do you define a core message?

Speaker 2  1:19:42
Yeah, so the core message is the internal component of, like, what you know you solve for people. The psi is what people need to understand about your brand. And, like I said on last week's call or earlier this week, they're both together. So it's like, it's they're both part of the same message. So. Your core message is basically a brand cannot evoke desire from the people it wants if it does not have a solid identity. That's like your core message. You can

Speaker 4  1:20:13
follow everything. You can follow everything, but the strong identity is what glues everything together and evokes desire.

Speaker 2  1:20:20
Basically, that's right. So the core message is basically like, yeah, you need, you need to have a strong identity and a strong sense of identity in order to build a brand in 2025 and beyond, your psi, is what I said earlier about conveying that message to the outside world. Now, because the psi is what's relevant to them, what is it that they want to do? They want to have a brand that is in demand? They want to have people consistently coming to them, and they want to feel good and solid? They don't want to be swayed by external forces. If that's what they want to do, then they need to have done the inner work to build the conviction and to have a strong identity. That is the statement that all of your authority style posts is going to be reinforcing for them.

Unknown Speaker  1:21:02
Gotcha. Okay, awesome.

Speaker 2  1:21:05
Your last questions here just really quickly. So you said the client architect, how do you find the underlying thing for all of them? For example, the three people you spoke to for this program, this is also something that's going to take a little bit of time, only because you're still in the face of trying to figure out, like, who are the types of people who are going to be attracted to your brand, the way that I think about my client archetypes, or the people who are best fit for whatever offer, is asking myself the question, you can work at it backwards. If you don't have enough data points. You want to ask yourself the question, if people are not being authentic in their brand, or if people don't have a solid identity, what are the potential issues, like the categories of issues that might come out of this? So right off the bat, I can tell you they're going to be the people who are, let's say the perfectionists, right, the ones who can't put anything out because they're overthinking. And they're overthinking like, I can't publish a single thing because it needs to be perfect. That's that's a symptom of not having a solid identity. And there's the copycats, right? The copycats who are constantly maybe looking outside of themselves, looking at what the mentors are posting, looking at what other people are doing, so that they know what to do.

Unknown Speaker  1:22:16
And then you might have the the more advanced people that,

Speaker 4  1:22:23
yeah, maybe the more advanced people that feel disconnected, like they've built a brand, like people like yourself, you build a brand, whatever, but not you, but people like you, like build a brand, but now they're like, I built something, but I don't feel any satisfaction from it, because I don't feel Like it's, it's carrying on my message, exactly,

Speaker 2  1:22:43
exactly, yeah. So those are the people that might have a certain level of security or might have built a certain level of awareness around their brand, but then the issue is now they've gone so far away from what they originally wanted to stand for that they no longer resonate with what they've created.

Speaker 4  1:23:01
And so how do you tie it back to the So, what is the common problem that I like? What is the how do you hide back up to be able to speak to all of these like, what is the common denominator not having a good identity? The

Speaker 2  1:23:15
common denominator, yeah, they don't have an identity. Because the way I just came up with these three archetypes is asking myself, if they didn't have an identity, what would be the problems that would come out of it? So basically, if you speak to these three people in your content, you always tie it back. The remedy is to get solid, to build a solid brand identity, right?

Speaker 4  1:23:37
So, so at the end of the day, it's not about writing one piece of content that speak to the three of them. It's writing one piece of content. Of content for each of them. But I tie it back up to the main problem that I that I diagnosed, yes.

Speaker 2  1:23:48
And I would even argue it's not just one piece of content per it could be 17 pieces of content per archetype, like, that's

Unknown Speaker  1:23:54
but what I mean is, like, separately,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:56
yes, yes, exactly. Okay, gotcha, okay, sweet, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:24:00
And again, that goes for everybody on here, where it's like, if you have a root cause issue or like, let's say you're doing this one core thing, you always want to ask yourself if, if I had to signify or categorize how this root cause problem shows up for multiple people, what does that look like? And then you can categorize them in using the same thought process I just did with Kevin, and then your content is essentially going to be all of the symptoms that like, if we're talking to the the perfectionist that can't get a single post out because they keep overthinking, overthinking their content, what is that going to look like in their day to day? Well, they're probably sitting at their computer wondering, you know, is this good enough? They might have like, 17 drafts of the same post. I've got some clients like that. They'll submit stuff, and they're like, I've written four version posts. Can you tell me which one is best? My answer

Speaker 4  1:24:50
is, always, I saw an amazing headline. I saw an amazing lights, like, put an end to the version. 2022. Final. Final. Final. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:24:59
It? Yeah, amazing. Exactly. I have, I have people like that. And again, it's not a it's not taking a dig at them. It's just, I can tell when that inner saboteur of the perfectionist is coming through, right? And like, the post might be identical, and they've only changed a couple of words, but they can't figure out which one's the best. So you want to talk to the symptoms of each of these people.

Speaker 5  1:25:17
Gotcha? Okay? I feel a lot more confident now. Good, good stuff. Sweet. Thanks.

Speaker 2  1:25:24
No problem. And I feel like that kind of just answered your last question too, about how do you speak to the problem from multiple different angles? Because right now, you don't know exactly how the problem might be showing up for the exact types of people that you want to serve, but what you do know is you have you solve the identity problem. So you can speculate that from the identity problem, if you speak to the problems that we just spoke about, about these three people, that's how you can raising awareness around what it is that you do and how you solve it. And you might be repetitive, but that's okay.

Speaker 4  1:25:56
Yeah, it's a lot of speculation at the end of the day, until I get enough data to be sure that okay.

Speaker 2  1:26:01
I'm sorry, correct. Thanks. No problem. And on a last note, just this is, like kind of comical, but also not a lot of people are afraid of being repetitive in their messaging, and they feel like they've been saying the same thing over and over again. There's nothing wrong with being repetitive with your messaging. When we're talking about repetition, it doesn't mean that you take the same post and you copy paste it on multiple platforms, or you use the same post and you copy paste it. It's about knowing what that core message is. So what is the thing that you want to be known for? And then how do you link it to the different ways that it's showing up for people? How do you link it to the scenarios, the symptoms? Because if you guys don't have a solid brand identity, I will have a million different ways that I can talk about how not having a solid brand identity is showing up for you. Kevin can also talk about a million different ways, but he can speak of it from the psychological perspective. I might speak about it from like the marketing perspective. So there's many, many ways that you can reinforce the same idea once you know what that core idea is, and don't worry about exhausting your your your audience, I've talked about the fact that I've been battling the US government to get into the country for like, three years straight. This week, people ask me, who did I vote for? I'm not even America. I'm not even allowed into the country. You could think that by now, people are like, Oh yeah, she's not allowed in the country. From the amount of times I posted memes about it, I've like, gone on rants about it. I've like, done long posts about it, but no people still ask, like, hey, like, who did you vote for? I'm not even American, so don't worry about being repetitive. I promise you people will not remember. Yeah, I know

Speaker 4  1:27:35
the repetitive, the repetition part was like, if I only have three angles, because I'm not, I'm in the pre brand stage, and I only have like, three angles. That's going to be repetitive, whereas if I am, yeah, but I don't want to be able to, I don't want to keep talking about like, Hey, you're getting ghosted after a phone call because you just said the price, right? I want to have different angles like that.

Speaker 2  1:28:00
But here's the thing, you're not only going to be talking about the problem that you solve. Going back to what we talked about earlier this week, you also want to build an ecosystem around your personal stories, around your values, around your personal triumphs, around your predictions or insights on your industry, so it doesn't always, always, always need to be like, Hey, did you have this problem? Here's why it's happening. Here's what I do to solve it. That can become repetitive, because now you're just only about the problem

Speaker 5  1:28:24
that you Yeah, yeah, but people Yeah, people are

Unknown Speaker  1:28:28
not just buying

Unknown Speaker  1:28:31
Yeah, so that was my concern. But yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:28:33
got it. Sorry. Go ahead. No, no, I said that was walking around. Who you?

Speaker 1  1:28:41
Okay? Alright, moving on. Thanks. No problem. And I think I have you next year. So you wanted to get some feedback on how to ways on this call. Are we on this call? Yes, you are okay. I can see now you

Speaker 2  1:28:57
want to get some feedback on how to de commoditize yourself. And I saw your screenshots and what you posted from, from the people who responded back, or the person responded back to what you put out there. So is there, is there any additional context you want to give me since yesterday, from when you posted this?

Speaker 7  1:29:13
No, I just put the screenshot of our exchange on one of my posts, and then what this person who literally, like, I met last week, and she was like, Oh, what do you do? And I told her, and she's like, Oh, my God, I need that. And then when I reached out to her to let her know how we can work together, she's like, oh, you know, I'm busy this month. And then, oh, but like, prove to me why I should hire you and and pay you for a single session, right? It's, it's, and it's a string of experiences like that that just have me wobbling on my conviction and also feeling like. I'm pigeon holed into this like commodity Ghostbuster role that I'm really fucking tired of.

Speaker 2  1:30:10
Okay, that's completely valid, and I have a bit of a weird slash, maybe overused analogy to explain why this happens, there's a concept I teach called Content foreplay, and the reason why I call it foreplay is because you need to lube people up before asking them to get into bed with you. For lack of better for lack of better. Term, here's what's happening in the minds of your people when they go, Oh, my God, I need I need that. And then, and no, no, thanks. Not right now. It's the equivalent of being like, Hey, I find you really attractive. So cool. Do you want to have sex? That's what's happening. So There is chemistry and compatibility that needs to be demonstrated so that this person warms up to you and feels like I can see this going somewhere, and that doesn't mean that they need to have super long exposure to you, meaning you can meet someone on a Monday and have that chemistry and compatibility built up by Friday and have no problem jumping into bed with them, but on that Monday, you might not have wanted to jump into bed with them, when I mean what I mean by content foreplay is they need to understand and they need They personally need to have built up the trust, and they need to have built up the intimacy with you before deciding that they want to buy from you or that your solution is viable for them. So we want to create an environment of safety where that chemistry and that compatibility can be built with the right people without jumping into making them an offer, because even if someone said, Oh, my God, I need that, it doesn't mean that they're ready to actually commit. That's the equivalent of them being like, You're so hot, and then you say, Do you want to have sex? Right? And I know this sounds so crazy when you say it out loud like that, but a lot of sales processes actually kind of fall within that same line of thinking. So if she has reached up to you, or if she has addressed or if she has shown interest in you know, wanting to work together, we want to create a buffer in between you making an offer and her expressing interest that allows her to get some foreplay going. So we want to invite her into a conversation. We want to create some sort of like, know and trust. This is why I tell my clients. And again, I know this might be a little bit advanced, but I tell my clients to have some sort of free way that people can experience your work, or some sort of, what I call product for prospect. So it's not a product. You're not selling them anything, but it's a product for people who are interested in what you have to sell, and they want to learn more about what that is like. It could be a webinar. It could be a short video series, it could be a YouTube channel. It could be something that you drive them to. It could be a quiz that gives them a specific result. So, and I don't like to call them lead magnets, because we don't just see them as leads that magnetize and then we need to convert them. It's like it's a product for prospects, so something to whet their appetite to you. So

Speaker 7  1:33:41
I have my freebie. So anyone I meet like out in the world, I direct them to my Instagram, where I have a shitload of content about what I do, and then I also have like in my links and everything, a freebie of my spiritual protection, shield meditation, which is like the foundational groundwork for anyone I work with.

Unknown Speaker  1:34:05
So it's know that they need that

Speaker 2  1:34:08
I do 100% okay, you do? Do they know that they need that? Do they

Unknown Speaker  1:34:14
know that they need that? A lot of them do. Okay?

Speaker 2  1:34:21
The reason why I'm asking that is because one of the big mistakes that we see with freebies is that experts have put together an extremely valuable bundle whose value or which value has not been communicated. So I've had clients of mine put together like 50 of their best newsletters, and it is so valuable if someone actually reads it or downloads it, or whatever, the person that is expressing interest has no interest in reading 50 of your best newsletters. If we're able to add context to that and be like, here's what these specific newsletters are solving. Here's one particular problem that is going to be solved through this. So your meditations, people are not actually buying the meditations or downloading the meditations. What is the result, or what is the outcome that you know is going to be super relevant to something that they are already looking to solve. That is why freebies are never just supposed to be a package of value that people can consume. It is always solving a micro problem that is the step before them wanting to work with you. So as an example, it could be a workshop, it could be a bundle of things, but it needs to be directed towards a problem. They're not going to download a bunch of meditations. And even if they do, they might see it as something valuable, but that in no way shape or form, then positions your work as something that they want to invest into, because you've already given them a bunch of stuff that they can consume on their own. We want to make sure that our freebies are actively creating desire for the product or for the solution that we have, and this is why I say that your freebie is not just a bundle of information, because a bundle of information is not leading them to anything. Our product for prospect is designed to build desires. So what it's meant to do is help them diagnose a deeper problem. It's helped it's to help them identify why they're experiencing the problem that they're experiencing, or it's meant to present and build the case for their solution.

Unknown Speaker  1:36:36
So with that in mind, if you drive them to your Instagram,

Speaker 2  1:36:41
sure that's a great first step. The first thing I would look at is, are the posts in your on your Instagram account, very specifically, speaking to the ideal client, are they speaking to the top of mind desires that this person has? Is it shifting their perspective on their problem? Is it helping them position your solution as something that they are actively looking for. Because if it's just a portfolio of your thoughts and your beliefs and what you do and promotional elements of what it is that you do, it is not building desire for them to actually purchase from you. It is just becoming a portfolio of like this is what I'm known for, and I'm not directing this directly towards you. I'm saying in a general consensus this is what I'm seeing when people say, I drive people to my Instagram, and then nobody buys, even though I have so many posts on there that talk about what it is that I do. So do we have a product for prospect that is designed specifically to build desire for our offer. And sure, you might have a link in bio, and in that link, they can go into and download the freebie, but that's way too many steps that they're probably not going to take on their own. They might hit follow on Instagram and then forget you exist. So we're going to listen to what it is that they're looking for. Oh, she reached out and she said, Oh, I need that fascinating. What exactly was she looking for? What did she need? What was the problem? What drew her to you in the first place? How did you guys come across each other? Oh, what's that you have issues with? XYZ? Okay, well, you know what? I've actually put together a solution for that. I get all my clients to go through it. It's this 50 page document that includes exactly how to overcome this and this and this. And my process, it does a breakdown of what exactly you need to do to solve XYZ issue. Phenomenal. Okay, I want, I want it, download it in that 50 page guide, whatever. And by the way, I'm just making this up as I go. But in that guide, your intention is to help them feel seen, understood. Like, Oh, yeah, she really gets me, yeah, that is the core of my problem. Oh, I never thought about energetic blocks in that way. Oh, I had no idea that this experience I went through in childhood caused this huge block. Oh, that makes so much sense. Why I act in this way? You're helping them gain a deeper understanding of their problem. And then next, okay, what do I need to do about it? Oh, she's talking about this modality she teaches that heals energetic blocks. Again, you're not teaching them. Step one, step two, step three, here's how you heal those things you're demonstrating to them. Here are the things that you need to address. Step one, whatever like you need to get to the root of your xyz issues. Okay, great, that's what I need to do. Step two, here's what you need to do. You're showing insight. You're not giving them the how by the end of that guy, Hey, by the way, if this is something that you want to work on together, this is the program. This is the investment. Here's what I do. This is how we can work together. Now, your product, for possible, for prospect, has prepared them and lubed them up to be interested in what it is that you do, rather than just giving them a whole bunch of information or a whole bunch of things that is valuable, like meditations are valuable, but it does not build desire for what it is that you do. It's like me being a nutritionist and giving 50 weight loss recipes. To a client as like a free ebook, and then wondering why they're not coming to me to get personalized meal plans. It's like, well, you just gave me 50 free recipes. Let me go try these out first. Why would I hire you? You guys see that. So my approach to this person would be to specifically drive them to somewhere that you know is going to solve a micro problem, or to get them to get on a call or to have some meaning, like some sort of workshop, masterclass, three part training series, like something where they get to experience your energy. And this is important for the people who are in the transformational spaces, particularly because you're not just selling, hey, here's my 12 Week Weight Loss Program. You are selling an experience with you, same way therapists and psychologists might have like a 15 minute let's get to know each other first before we commit to working to one another. You want to make sure that you're actually compatible with this person. Do your values align? Do you like the way that they communicate? So can they feel your energy through whatever mode they're learning from? And then from there, it is not your job to convert them. It is your job to then nurture them with content, with things that will continue to add to their awareness and add to their repertoire. And then they get to choose when they want to work with you, just like, how many of you in this program have probably been in my DMs for a couple of months, asking for different ways that we can work together, asking for, you know, questions, I've sent you some resources. Never once did I sell. The only time I sold was when I was like, Hey, I've actually put together this very particular, this very specific solution that actually fills the gap to exactly what you said you've needed. Here are the details, not getting into a sales conversation, but that's only after this person or multiple individuals have been exposed to my work and after I've built a genuine relationship with them. Do the content foreplay is, Do I have something specific to lead them to that lubes them up? Is my content on whichever platform which whether it's Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, YouTube, podcast, substack, is that platform specifically educating them on why they need to take action, why they need to make change, how I think differently. There's a number of creators I follow right now which I haven't bought their programs for, but I think their content is executed beautifully, and they're all within the spiritual woo relationship, you know, intangible space. One of them is like, how to increase your magnetic aura. Again, I haven't bought their program, but the way that they've created their content creates so much demand. It creates so much like, Oh, wow. And it's not because she's like, Hey, here's five ways that you can increase your aura today, whatever that even means. But what she does is that she's like here are ways that you know that you're playing in a lower vibrational frequency. Here's maybe some of the ways that people might be treating you right now. Here's some of the results that you might be getting in business. Here's some of the big mistakes people make when they're trying to become more magnetic. And here's my way of solving that differently. By the way, in my six week magnetic aura program, that's exactly what we cover. Do you see how she's slowly building demand for what she does by like just slowly plugging in what it is that she does? But again, she's more focused on providing her audience with insight. So she's lubing us up. She's like, She's warming us up to understand, why am I not being magnetic? Why am I not getting the results I want? Why am I having the symptoms that I'm experiencing right now? She's got a YouTube channel with over I don't know how many subscribers, and all of her content is all around, around, you know, increasing your inner magnetism, how to become more feminine, how to have men pursue you. It's all about magnetic stuff. And again, I'm not, I'm not, maybe an ideal client. But it's, it's alluring, because you listen to it and you're like, I really need to work with this person. Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:44:43
Okay, let me take a look at the comments real quick, and then Anna, do you have any further questions on this? Yes,

Speaker 7  1:44:56
I mean, I'll, I'll submit some of my stuff by next. Tuesday to because I think I, I do that to an extent in my Instagram, right? Like, I've been talking about this for the last five plus years, but it's, it's kind of like, okay, what am I missing, and how do I make the work that I do more sexy, right? Because everybody wants to buy magnetism, but it seems like nobody wants to buy integrity. And what I talk about is how to be a high integrity space holder, how to have your own energy field be pristine. Okay?

Speaker 1  1:45:42
It's not that people are not buying integrity. It's that we're speaking to the mechanism. We're not speaking to the outcome.

Speaker 2  1:45:53
I would like to be a high integrity facilitator. I don't know what need. Is that fulfilling for me. Is it that I will be able to have better relationships with my clients? Is that that I'm going to have more satisfied clients? Is it that I will feel like I'm doing my best work I get to walk away from each call feeling super lit up? Is it that I will have clients returning to me being like this was a magical experience at how do we continue? Do you see how those are the physical manifestations of being in integrity? The integrity piece is the mechanism that you are going to be deploying with them. It is not necessarily what they are buying. Of course, everyone wants to be an integrity of course, they want that, but we want to make sure that we're making the integrity piece relevant to what they want. Right? The reptilian brain wants to know what's in it for me. So if I'm a integrity based practitioner with pristine energy fields in all of my containers, what is that going to do for me that I can't do for myself right now, if I already identify as someone with integrity, why would I want to buy a program that is promising me integrity? Right? So we're getting even deeper into the messaging here. It is less about what do you actually do with them, and more about what are the outcomes that are going to be relevant to their innate desires? And even if I were to do an audit of your content, chances are you're probably doing a really good job of building the case for the work that you do, but not to why others, the people who should really, really benefit from it? Why should they care? What right? That's what I would do, a brain dump on of like, what exactly is it about your work that is going to help them get closer to a goal or further away from something they're experiencing if they don't have a pristine energy field right now? How is that showing up in their containers? What are some of the problems they're having? Is it that clients are not respecting them? Is it that they have resistance? Have resistance? Is it that they don't feel in control of the space? Those are the symptoms I want you to think about, and those are the symptoms I want you to talk about because someone who's scrolling through Instagram who has that worry or that anxiety going on for them, and they see a post that's directly addressing it being now they're going to be paying attention to you because you're speaking directly to something that they are experiencing. But if they're scrolling through a post and it's talking about how to clear your energy field, why would I care? Even if they're more aware, like even if they're the more you know spiritual person who understands the importance of that, that message is not permeating at a reptilian level. It is speaking to the neocortex part of the brain, which is like, I already know

Speaker 7  1:48:49
that. Yeah, yeah. So it's figuring out how to talk to talk to it on a deeper level, because a lot of it seems like a lot of my work, both what I do with space holders and what I do with people one on one, is like, it's either I don't know that and I don't think that's important, or I already know that, and I already do some level of energetic hygiene, so I'm good when, in fact, it's Like, what you're doing is not it,

Speaker 2  1:49:21
and like, the easiest remedy to that is to stop selling energetic hygiene. Because someone might be like, I'm already doing that, or I don't need that. You're not selling energetic hygiene. You're selling the end result and the outcome of what energetic hygiene is going to do for them that they care about. Yeah, and if someone doesn't resonate with the symptoms that you're calling out, then they're you're not they're not your ideal client. If I'm talking to posts not converting, and you doing your best to put yourself out there and it's not working, and someone says, No, I don't have that problem. Okay, then we're just not a good fit. If you don't want higher converting posts, okay, then you don't need my help. You. I'd rather someone reach out to me who's like, actually, I've been reading your posts, and it made me realize that, yeah, I'm not being very specific and tangible in my content. Can you take a look and tell me what I'm doing wrong? Now we have a conversation that we can open up. Now I can send them resources. Now I can help them a little bit. Now I can warm them up and lube them up to want to get into bed with me. That sounds super predatory guys. I did not mean it that way, but you know

Unknown Speaker  1:50:28
what I mean, that kind of person, I promise.

Unknown Speaker  1:50:30
I don't know mine, promise, but we understand, but we understand,

Unknown Speaker  1:50:38
yeah, whole different business, maybe,

Speaker 2  1:50:43
but, yeah, point is, like, you always want to bring it back to the relevance to them again. The Curse of the expert is that we know, like, this is what I do, this is what I'm so good at. And it's like, Okay, but why would they care? Why do they care about that? Why? Why is that important to them? And I know sometimes as practitioners, becomes really hard because we can't separate ourselves from like. What is the thing that we like? How do we know that what we do is actually what they're looking for? How do we know like that is relevant to them? Again, that this with practice and time, the exercise that I I got Kevin to go being able to be like, Okay, if it be coming up, if you do that for your clients, or if you do that for your like, the problem that you solve, you can come up with a bunch of scenarios. You might even come up with, like archetypes and categories. Well, let me turn this off in case I'm breaking off, you might come up with archetypes and categories for like, Okay, if someone doesn't have proper energetic hygiene, what are all the ways that it can be showing up for them as an individual and as a facilitator? What are all the problems? What are the categories of the problems? Okay, great. Now I have the categories. Now, can I think about the symptoms and scenarios of how that's showing up. That's

Speaker 2  1:52:10
Thank you. Help everybody else too, and understanding like lead magnets and stuff. I think there's, again, a really big misconception around lead magnets just being value. And you know, the more value you give, the more people want to buy from you. And it's like, yes, and that value needs to be relevant to something that they are looking to solve. And two, that value actually needs to be building the demand slowly for wanting to work with you. You could argue that this whole program, which, by the way, that was not the purpose of this program. You could argue you could argue that this whole program could have been a product for prospect, for one on one work, and leading you guys into a higher level mentorship, which is, again, it's not the purpose of this but notice how I've referenced that program multiple times. And so for someone who's maybe on the fence, you might be like, huh, maybe that program is actually right for me. Again, not what I'm doing here, but notice how I'm helping you guys get a deeper understanding of your problem, and I'm building the case for a better solution. That's what a good product for prospect does. It warms people up and lose them up to be like, Okay, I need that thing, and you're doing that in a way that you're not the one telling them, hey, you need this thing. They're self identifying with being like, I need this thing. I came to that conclusion myself. Okay, the very last thing, Gus, I think you had submitted a, yes, you had submitted your want, need and desire worksheet, and you want to get a little bit of guidance on knowing whether you're going in the right direction. And by the way, if anyone else has worked on that and they want feedback on it, you can post it in the content thread that I just posted today, and I'll go in and I'll leave my comments as of next Tuesday. So if you want to further develop it or based on the feedback that I give today, you can maybe make some of those changes and post it in there. I'm going to share my screen so that you guys can kind of see what I'm looking at too, because otherwise, I think it'll get really confusing if I'm just reading it out. Okay, did you have any more context, or anything else that you wanted to give to me on, like, what specifically you might have been struggling with, or what, what kind of felt unclear, or are you just looking for, like general direction?

Speaker 8  1:54:24
Well, I just did it today, so it's feeling quite fresh, and I was really trying to get to the nub, but I guess I just wanted to see if I need I had gone deep enough so that I can do the other ones, other other problems, other goals.

Speaker 2  1:54:38
Got it. Okay. Yeah, so we have self discovery, thriving, midlife, purpose, uncertainty. Okay, so you have here to feel like they know themselves better, feel comfortable and genuine in their own skin. Are making decisions in their life from a centered, grounded place connected to their core essence, intuition and wisdom. I like this a lot. And my question to you is, do people come to you saying these things? Do they use these

Speaker 8  1:55:00
words? No, they'll come saying, I want to just, you know, that sub discovery, that's be more overarching. Got it okay? It'll be like, I want to discover who I am. I feel like I'm changing. It'd be that kind of thing. That's my that's my interpretation of what it is. They're actually saying,

Speaker 2  1:55:17
got it okay? And when you do some more questioning on self discovery. These are the things that you've been able to extract from clients. Or is this what you've kind of, is it just purely your interpretation? It's a mixture. Okay, okay, I actually really like it. Here's what I would want to do to further validate this. I would want to write maybe a series of posts, and it could be as little as two or three that talk about the reasons why people have not yet self discovered, like, what are the big reasons why they have not created a sense of connectedness to their core essence? Or when they are not connected to their core essence, what might be some of the symptoms that come up for them, what might be some of the fears, some of the anxieties, what might be some of the things that they might struggle with on a day to day basis that they don't even realize that they have. And this will further even prompt perhaps some of the further you know, ways that they describe it, or things that they might say that will help you kind of clean this one up, but I actually like it the way it is right now. Okay? Deconditioning from their not self and unbecoming who they are not a framework that will help you uncover your blind spots and unserving patterns, reconnect with your body based in snakes and illuminate your strengths. This is really good. Here's what I would recommend for this one. I would love for you to come up with a series of what these unserving patterns are. And it could be the same way that I got Kevin to think about the different archetypes. So if they have unserving patterns, how do those usually show up? What are the most common ones? Is it like, you know, giving their power away? Is it people pleasing? Is it overthinking, like all of the ways that you know that to be. And then once you do that, we can even take this one step further and call them out, so uncover the blind spots, and, you know, get to the root of the people pleasing, overthinking perfectionism, like whatever that looks like. Yeah, experience a clear, more embodied sense of self, free from outdated beliefs, with the confidence to make grounded, authentic choices that honor their core essence and lean into their unique strengths. This is good. I'm gonna prompt you to go even further if, if somebody is able to do this, let me see how I can word this, if somebody is able to be freed from their outdated beliefs and and, yeah, so it's okay. So if someone is freed from their outdated beliefs and can make those choices that honor their core essence, what is it that they're actually going to reach? Is it?

Speaker 8  1:58:07
It's like a sense of deep fulfillment. It's like creating a life that you love, living

Speaker 2  1:58:13
okay, I'm trying to think of an angle that you can position it as because I like it as is, but I can also see this becoming fluffy if it's overused,

Speaker 1  1:58:28
so if they have the confidence to make grounded, authentic choices.

Speaker 8  1:58:34
So the choices are coming from an inner conviction and their intuition versus looking outside of them to an actual authority, or making decisions based on, you know, expectations and roles and identities that don't serve them anymore,

Speaker 2  1:58:52
you just nailed it. So it's it's being able to make that make those decisions from themselves, and no longer outsourcing that decision to somebody else, or looking for permission from others before they make a choice.

Unknown Speaker  1:59:06
Yeah, I like that a lot. Okay,

Speaker 2  1:59:09
thriving in midlife to feel grounded and comfortable in their own skin again, get clarity on where to put their focus on supporting themselves, to feel balanced. This is good as well. I would want to add a little bit more context to balanced, because balance can also be a term that can be taken out of context, and it can mean different things to different people. So when we're saying they're feeling balance again, yeah, well,

Speaker 8  1:59:28
because things start to feel out of control as you hit your kind of 40s, a lot of women's feel like the things that they used to use that kept them healthy or vital or just everything seems to slip. And it's not quite as straightforward as it might have been in terms of like, it's like, I need something different here. So the balance, I guess, is the opposite of feeling like things are chaotic or out of

Speaker 2  1:59:53
control. Okay, I like that. So it's, yeah, it's the reclaiming of the control. Mm. And not feeling like things are falling apart or things are falling outside of their control, like being able to get a grasp on yourself, your body, your mind, and being able to, you know, plan or have have a sense of control when things don't feel certain. Yeah, okay, that's good. Your midlife 360 maps with specific nutrition and life phase focuses. So uncover the map your unique midlife journey and discover powerful practices for each phase so you can stay energized, balanced and aligned through every stage. I like that. That's perfect to feel more energized in their body, experience fewer energy dips, be able to focus on what's most important in each phase with a clear sense of direction and ease. I like that as well. I think that's pretty tangible purpose uncertainty, so to reclaim or redefine their personal identity in relation to their various roles and within the context of meaning of their midlife journey. I like that as well. The deconditioning work connect to their inner authority and personalized decision making process. So understand the wider context and meaning of midlife to get to the root of the conditioning and learn about and embody your inner authority. This is good. I would want to give inner authority a little bit more context, and the reason for that is because I think most women will know what that inner authority is. I would want to make it specific to you, because to some people, inner authority is just simply, like confidence or conviction. I think for you it's a little bit deeper. There's almost like an intuitiveness that comes into play here.

Speaker 8  2:01:31
It's intuition, and it's also where I would bring their their human design in. Oh, okay, so it'll be like a body based, a specific body based center in their design, perfect.

Speaker 2  2:01:45
So I would say that. So it's not just understanding the wider context and meaning of midlife, it's being able to be given a blueprint that helps them connect to their like innate, one innate way of showing up, or what's the most authentic way of showing up, or what's the most aligned way of showing up based on that blueprint, so that they can get rid of the conditionings and be more attuned to how they need to be showing up right now. Yeah, okay, to be clear on past, present, future self and how to make choices that are more aligned with your needs, capacity, energy and boundaries. Yep, that's really good. The only thing I would add to this is perhaps a so that you no longer have to, and then it could be to, you know, bend to other people's needs. Have to, you know, overcompensate say yes when you mean to say no, like some of the ways that they might actually be ignoring their current capacity. So

Speaker 8  2:02:41
just flesh that out. Because I was thinking, these are getting so long, like, you know, we're going to add more detail and make them longer,

Speaker 2  2:02:47
yes, and it's okay. It's okay if they're long, because, again, I would prefer things to be longer but more tangible than shorter and fluffy. Yeah. Length does not scare me away. What scares me away is when something can be repeated by 50 people and lose its meaning. So I want it to be unique to you. Okay, and then we have clarity and direction. So to get to the heart of what's going on, get clarity on, sorry, to gain clarity on what's next in life, without the confusion and self doubt and how to really understand who I am now that's really good. Discover the psychological, emotional, physical aspects of midlife, to get to the root of the get to the root of the conditioning that is stopping you connecting from what your needs and values. Okay, the conditioning over here, I would specify what conditioning This is. Is it conditioning from, okay, I feel like you have something

Speaker 8  2:03:36
to say. Well, there's a lot of conditioning that people are carrying around from earlier in their life. So it's a mixture of so the way I approach is a mixture of human design and looking at undefined centers and looking at the stories that might be playing out there. So the stories are the things that will have them make, have them make moves in their life that aren't actually connected to their true self. They're just coming from condition narratives that would have been picked up from childhood, and they also bring some inner child work in there too.

Speaker 2  2:04:08
Okay, so it's kind of like a mix of conditionings, like teachings and conditionings on, like womanhood and on like things that they've picked up from childhood that are not serving them,

Speaker 8  2:04:19
yeah, and that they've just become patterns that are just playing out. That's how they that's how they are. But it's things that are coming from our data, beliefs and narratives that don't they're not them, and that's not them, it's not who they really are.

Unknown Speaker  2:04:36
Okay, great. So

Unknown Speaker  2:04:37
there's a bit of identity shifting

Speaker 2  2:04:38
work, I guess that, yeah, yeah, yeah, I would say that so, so it's almost like helping them come back to their core identity, rather than the identity that they've adapted or adopted from these conditionings. Yeah, yeah, amazing, okay, to feel empowered with the ability to translate random behavior, emotions, experience situations into practical ways to. Move forward with, yeah, with clarity. So this is also good. I would also love to add, or perhaps tweak, something in here that talks a little bit about how that identity piece plays a role here, so translating the random behavior, emotions, experience and situations into practical ways to move forward in life with clarity. How about something around like being able to, like, you know, break the shackles of or moving free from the expectations the roles that we've learned to play, being able to stand firm in the decisions or the actions that are most aligned with who we want to be rather than who we have been. Yeah, yeah. That, I think, speaks Yeah, speaks a little bit more to their desires, blockages and self expression. So feel confident in yourself and feel safe and excited to express yourself from this place. That's good. I like that connect the inner selves and fears that are blocking the human throat, sorry, Human Design throat center and gates and channels. So identify the roots of the fears and patterns that make you hold yourself back or second guess yourself. Gain the tools to experiment communicating with clarity. That's perfect. It's almost like I wrote that that's great. I like it. Experience greater confidence in speaking up, feel genuinely understood and expressing yourself in ways that reflect your true self without hesitation or fear. Yeah, that's really good. And then the last one here so to reconnect with their true selves, to feel deeply aligned and comfortable in their own skin, making decisions from a place of inner clarity and expressing themselves with authenticity and confidence. Here, you have learned to identify outdated beliefs and find your way back to your authentic self with a clear sense of what truly matters to you. You'll feel empowered to make choices and express yourself in a way yourself in ways that will feel genuine and fulfilling. This is also really good. I think we can also add an element of what they're going to overcome. This is speaking to the like the what they will take away feel like, deconditioning, reconnecting to their inner authority, body based wisdom and strength and core values. What is it exactly that is actually holding them back from doing this right now? Is it that they're not

Speaker 8  2:07:08
they're over identified, in a way, with the patterns and identities that have been carrying around for the last 40 years? They're so familiar that they feel like it's them, but it's not. So there's a bit of like blind spot understanding to be able to really then see and reconnect with who they truly are.

Speaker 2  2:07:30
Got it okay? So with a clear sense of what truly matters to you, you feel empowered to make choices and express yourself in ways

Speaker 8  2:07:36
that so that that has pulled them away from their sense of value and self worth and what their needs really are. So it's kind of like separated. Got it okay with them.

Speaker 2  2:07:48
So I feel like the first sentence here could be something like coming back to or letting go of the separation, or bridging the gap between like, something like that. That kind of indicates that there's a convert.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:03
Yeah, yeah, okay,

Speaker 2  2:08:05
that's the only thing I think I would add there. That's pretty good. The second sentence is good on its own. And then lastly, the desire is feel a renewed sense of confidence, make decisions that resonate with your core values and express yourself freely, no longer held back by old patterns and others expectations. That's good. It might be a little bit repetitive from the one above, but

Speaker 8  2:08:23
it does feel like there's a lot of repetition, because, I guess they're just tiny, yeah, Tiny. The same thing, right?

Speaker 2  2:08:30
Yes, yeah. And that's okay if there's repetition, because they are all communicating like particular end outcomes that come from executing on whatever this middle piece is, I think what's important to convey in this one, because it is pretty similar to the one that we looked at above, is like, once they're able to acquire body based Wisdom, what is it that they'll be able to do that they weren't able to do before? And I know, like, you know, no longer being held back my old patterns, is kind of like the overarching thing. But think about like, what's the opposite of body based wisdom? Is it like head based wisdom?

Speaker 8  2:09:08
Yeah, it's like the mind, the mind always making decisions which end up being kind of like diversions.

Speaker 2  2:09:15
Okay, so it sounds to me like there's over intellectualization that's happening, or into, like, no longer intellectualizing emotions and actually being able to make decisions from a place of like, rootedness in oneself, being able to feel the whole spectrum of your emotions and to make decisions from that place, being able to express without needing to overthink or over intellectualize what that decision is. So it's almost like helping them see that you're going to get them out of the head and more into the body.

Speaker 8  2:09:45
Yeah, yeah. And that makes it really different to the other

Speaker 5  2:09:49
one, yes, yeah, yeah, perfect. Thank you.

Speaker 8  2:09:53
And so my other question was, if I then haven't so this is more general around the core message. If I then have a specific offer like a class, do I then almost make a list of the core problems for that class and work through those for language in

Speaker 2  2:10:13
Yeah, so here's what I'll share on that so similar to what I was sharing with Anna before, when you're coming up with a lead magnet, slash, you know, something for people to experience before coming into your world, or, like a class that they can purchase that is not your core offer. Like, meaning, there's there's another offer that's, like, the core thing, and then you got something else. You don't want the promises of these things to be the same thing. And that's a really big mistake I see people making. Is like, for example, if I have, like, narrow message, being like, the ultimate messaging mentorship for thought leaders, and then being like, Oh, I'm going to help you clarify your message and know exactly how to show up in this 90 minute workshop if they're buying that thing later, or if they're buying this thing, why would they then want to come into that thing? So what you want to do is to pick apart one particular issue. So let me take like the intellectualization as one of them. Let's say most women in your space might know that they over intellectualize their feelings, and they might know that they're making decisions from a place of people pleasing and from playing a role versus what they actually want to do. You can have a workshop or a class that speaks directly to that one core problem. And the aim of that workshop is to help bring awareness to why this happens, where this problem comes from, what they need to do about it, and then, of course, lead them to something bigger that solves the problem in its entirety. So you're building the case for why these women need to solve the bigger issue, which is really being able to navigate themselves in midlife.

Speaker 8  2:11:49
Okay, does that answer your question? Yeah, it does. And the other thing that I've realized is that there's like a sort of gateway or foundational slab of a class that I want to do, which kind of helps to contextualize all the other things that I'm all the other things that my work fall into. And it's more of like this mapping your whole midlife so that you can make meaning of it. And it's also connected to feeling resourced in your nervous system, because if you don't have that context, everything feels like it's completely out of control, and it just sends you spinning. So it's like a gateway class, though. It's like, this is the context, this is the foundation. And then all of my other work kind of sits on this foundational slab. So again, I just focus on what it is in that pull out the Yeah.

Speaker 2  2:12:37
So the foundational slab workshop is what I call your your it's like your it's your signature, it's your signature training. That's what I call it with my clients. And what that essentially does is that there's, there's three ways that you can think about this workshop. One is that you you're using it to showcase why the work that you do is so needed. And even if you have multiple offers that people that go into later, this is the core, like foundational element that they need to know. It becomes really important for you to know your core message and your predominant selling idea. Because basically this foundational slab is what that is based on. So the intention of this foundational slab, in the first way that we're thinking about it, is to help people understand the deeper work that needs to be done. What is it that they think the problem is, versus what is it that they actually need to do? And how is it that you approach it? So you can, like, break down your process, break down your method, break down what it is that you do with with women, and why is that super needed, and then they can move on to whatever else. The second way that we can look at it is if we were to create a foundational workshop that specifically targets a problem like what I just described, and pulls them in, because you know that that is the one top of mind problem that everybody in your space, or everybody that you want to help is looking for a solution for, and then you're using that to build the case for again, why is it that your approach is going to be beneficial to them? What is it that you do differently? What are the, what are the you know, things that women are doing that you know, you want to give them an alternative solution to? And then the third way is that if you were to position this as like the biggest mistakes or the biggest misconception, or the one thing that this group of people need to consider in order to get this result, I ran a workshop back in 2022 that was probably one of my highest converting workshops. That was like the three messaging mistakes that are keeping dream clients at bay, and it was a very simple workshop that talked about, you know, what are these big three messaging mistakes? Why do people make them? What are the consequences and what do they need to do to remedy them? But keep in mind, I did not teach them anything new. I just simply revealed to them what are the mistakes that they're making, and what do they need to do instead? And. Intent, the things that they need to do instead are all stuff that I taught inside my program. So it also built a desire for them to understand, oh, that's what I'm doing wrong. Oh, that's what I need to do. Oh, look at that. She's got a solution for it. And it drove them into that,

Speaker 8  2:15:13
yeah, I think that's really great, because I think this foundational class, I feel like the people won't get necessarily why they need to be in it. So if I pull out, like you said, something that's relevant to them exactly, and you and and bring that into the way I deliver the class, that could be really, that could get more attention. Because I think, like, why do i Why do I need to know the meaning of midlife, right? That's not actually my problem.

Speaker 1  2:15:40
Oh yeah, yeah, similar.

Speaker 8  2:15:43
It changes everything when you do because it suddenly makes me it kind of brings yourself into context. We like, I can breathe. I know this is a journey, etc, etc, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  2:15:53
And the purpose of that workshop is to validate where they're at and to show them, you know, they're not alone, and that there's a solution for what they're looking for. But if we position the workshop as navigating midlife or making meaning from midlife, that might not be what they're actively looking for. What they might be actively looking for is navigating, let's say, the confusion or feeling out of place, or whatever health issue that might be coming up for them during midlife, and then that's what pulls them in, but then you get to educate them on everything else that you do once they're actually in there.

Unknown Speaker  2:16:23
Amazing. That's so helpful. Thank you.

Speaker 2  2:16:26
Thanks, Kevin. And then fat of my thank you. Said you had a quick question. So yeah, go ahead, Kevin,

Speaker 4  2:16:32
yeah, just shortly to understand the freebie thing, it's to pick one core idea within my process and then try to expand on it and build them. So for example, for me, it would be something like how to evoke desire from the right people and then from that. Okay, gotcha, yeah, okay,

Speaker 2  2:16:52
because that's the top of mind thing that they'd be looking for. They wouldn't be looking for how to build a brand identity, right? So you would, you would then reveal to them in that workshop why the process of building a very strong, authentic brand identity is going to be important, but what pulls them in is the desire to get more people interested in their stuff, right?

Speaker 4  2:17:20
Okay, and then from that, I would say, like, hello, here's the problem that you do, here's the solution for that. Okay, sweet, thanks. Yeah, no

Speaker 2  2:17:27
problem. Here's the mistakes you're making. Here's, you know, why you're not at fault. Here are some of the things that people have been taught. Here's the consequences of doing that. Here's what to do instead. And by the way, I sell a program that helps with that.

Unknown Speaker  2:17:39
Great All right, Fatima, you're my last question, and then we're done for

Speaker 9  2:17:43
today. Yay. Thank you. My question actually came up as you were talking, actually wrote it down, and I'm just going to hope that it makes sense. Okay, so when we think about the outcomes that we provide for people or help guide people with like, What angle do you suggest we should be looking at it from, like, Would it be from like that? Or, I guess you could okay, like, Would it be from, like, an emotional angle, that physical life angle, more of like, that existential angle, like, I kind of feel like there's a place for all of it, like it could be a combination of it all, but I don't know. It's just kind of like, okay, we talked a lot about problems. I'm like, I really get when we are thinking about somebody's problems, but then I'm like, okay, like when we related to the outcomes, like, what's the best kind of direction or perspective, you would think for us to look at it from,

Speaker 2  2:18:50
yeah, okay, this is a really good question, and I promise I'm not selling my other program. I have a training in their levels of desire, and it's basically talking about the outcomes of like, how to create desire. So I'll break it down in simple terms, because that's like a whole 90 minute training when you're thinking about outcomes, when you're when you're thinking about like, what are people going to take away you want to talk about like, the immediate benefits of like as a result of going through your method, your process, your teaching your tool, your modality, like whatever the actual tangible thing is that you're teaching. I want you to ask yourself, What immediate problem is that going to solve, or what immediate goal is that going to help them achieve? So let's say, if I were to take something I taught you guys inside this program, let's say the framework building training I did. I say, Okay, so once you come into this program, and once you get access to, let's say, module three, or whatever it was, and understand how to build a framework, you're going to know how to go from feeling super scattered in talking about what it is that you do to putting it in a very concrete, visual diagram. That like grounds your intellectual property, or that builds your intellectual property, or that helps position your authority in a different way. Do you see how i The outcome is basically making like a physical thing that I'm teaching you and then showing you how is your life going to look like after you implement it? So that's kind of like the immediate takeaway for the outcome. The second type of outcome you can talk about is like the emotional benefit of having that. So if you were to have a concrete framework, you're going to feel a lot more convicted in your expertise, and you're going to feel a lot more confident in expressing yourself on sales calls, because now you have this concrete thing that is yours. So now I'm speaking to the emotional desire, and that could be maybe even paired with like an existential desire. Of like now I feel better about myself, I feel superior, I feel more put together, I feel more authentic, I feel more like something else, but it's more of like a feeling based thing. So first is like the tangible outcome of, like, the before and after. So you're going to go from this crappy place to this better place. Second desire is like, the emotional benefit of, like, what is the result of you having that thing now? Like, what are you going to feel? What you're going to experience? And then the third desire is kind of like the more self actualization, slash social type of desire. So as a result of now having that framework, what is new for you out in the ethers that you currently don't have, you are going to stand out amongst your peers in the industry. You are going to be asked to speak and asked to present at larger events, because now you have a framework that is in demand. So it's kind of like showing the byproducts of what is possible for you socially and on like a bigger plane, once you actually have this thing available to you,

Speaker 9  2:21:59
okay, and like, um, and that could all be like, different, like, different content pieces, or like one content piece, if it's like, I guess, a long sales letter or a website or whatever, would you see, like, the app, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 2  2:22:15
Because I could take this framework concept I just created and I can, I can write three different pieces from it. I can write a piece that talks about how, if you don't have don't have a framework, it is really hard for you to actually sell what you do, because it feels malleable. It feels like it's very abstract. You're not able to actually ground it in something. So that could be a content piece. The second content piece could be talking about how if you want to get on sales calls and be so much more confident about what you do. Having a framework actually helps you do that, because now you have something tangible, you can show clients that you teach, and then on the third one, it can be like if your desire is to get on stages or to get invites to, you know, large podcasts, having a framework or having a methodology is a is a really good way that you can do that, because now you become known for a concept. You become known and recognized in your industry. So do you see how I just took the same thing? I talked about three different outcomes?

Speaker 9  2:23:07
Yeah, totally. Okay. No, I love that. Yeah, it's really crystallizing in a different way. Thank you so much. And where can I get, like, more info on your other more in depth program,

Speaker 2  2:23:19
neuro message, there's a there's a link. I thought I shared it in the group I might not have. There was a link to sign up for, like, to get on the waitlist for it, because it's not open for enrollment right now. It won't be until I can get you on the list there. But then what I can also do is that if there's enough demand, I can even give you guys like, a short at some point at the end of this program, I can give you guys like a short description of, like, what it is and who it's for. It is not a sales pitch only because the program is full right now. And there is a very strict, I don't mean this to be difficult, there is a very strict set of criteria to get people in there, because you do need to be at a certain

Speaker 9  2:23:54
level. Okay, okay. Like, actually apply

Speaker 2  2:23:57
it. It doesn't mean that I'm not letting people in if they're not at a certain level. It's not that. It's more, just like, I want to make sure that people in there are actually ready for the content. I don't want you to get in there and be like, holy crap. This is way too advanced for me. So I can share details about it later. I can even send you guys this. Like, the sales page is still active. It needs to be updated. But if you want to, like, take a look of, like, what's the gist of what it does? But it's a 12 month mentorship, and we basically have weekly calls that focus on different themes. And it's all about brand identity, building a presence, selling without selling. How to become known for your expertise, and then the more specifics of like writing, because that's what people come to me for. It's like the writing of like, how do I become an effective communicator? So that's pretty much it, but I can send you the link to both the sales page and to get on the wait list for for when it launches in January.

Speaker 9  2:24:46
Yeah, I know that would be great now. Thank you so much. Yeah, no problem.

Speaker 2  2:24:50
Alright, guys, thanks for sticking it out. I know it's really late for some of you, but I feel like this was a really good call. As you guys know, we have our guest expert session with. Haley on Monday evening. I know it's going to be super late for some of you, because she's out in Australia. So catch the replay on that if you're not able to make it live, and then we have our final kind of wrap up call next week on Friday. So yeah, no problem. Glad this was valuable. Don't forget to drop your links into the thread that I posted today for copy feedback, and I will see you guys next week.

Unknown Speaker  2:25:24
Take care. Bye. You.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai