Speaker 1  00:15
Hello, hello, welcome, welcome. Welcome to today's call. Let me just, Oh, am I muted? Let me just make sure I'm okay. We're all good. Nice to see you all. Let me just add a couple more people in here. Hello, hello, welcome few more people joining in. Gonna Give You guys just a minute to get yourselves settled. Hey, Stephanie, Hey, Katie, welcome. Alright. We have an action packed session today. As you guys know, we're skipping the lecture. You guys are going to be getting a pre recorded module to watch later on this week, and today, we're going to be specifically focused on helping you guys implement much of what we've covered. And so thank you for those of you who have dropped your questions and dropped some of the things that you're working on in the thread that I posted yesterday. I'm going to be kind of treating this like a typical Q and A, and I'm going to be going through it. I'm going to be going through the thread in order and basically answering the questions that have come in. And if we have a time remaining, if there's any additional discussion that we want to have on today's call, we can go ahead and dive into it, and by chance, if we decide to go on a complete side tangent where there's a very juicy piece of advice that we decide to kind of follow along, and if I don't get to all the questions, as you guys know, I always circle back and I answer them later on, whether it's by the end of today or even tomorrow. So if there's anything that you've dropped in the thread that we don't get to today. Don't fret. I'm not going to forget about you. I will be back to answer. So I'm going to give you guys just another minute or so, another couple more people just joining. Welcome, welcome. Welcome to this week's Q and A session. And let me just make sure that I have everyone's questions up here. Amazing. Yes, I do. All right, so before I get in, before I get into some of the the questions, and making sure that everyone feels like, you know, whatever we've talked about is, is clicking, there's a couple of common themes that I'm noticing. And these common themes seem to be across the board, relevant to the questions you guys are submitting, and even relevant to some of the things that I've noticed personally with many of my private clients, or even my clients inside neuro message as being very common themes that people seem to struggle with. And I oftentimes find that when we're struggling with something. It doesn't necessarily mean that we're a unqualified or B lack clarity, but it just simply means that we're very close to the work and as a result of being too close to what it is that we do with our clients, and as a result of being too close to what it is that we want our clients to know about us, we oftentimes can get tripped up in our own head about understanding, how do we actually position the thing that we do as something that is a top of mind need? How do we make sure that we can communicate it with conviction? How do we make sure that we get it across in a way that that really resonates and so for the majority of the questions that were submitted and even some of the discussions that have happened inside and outside of this, this cohort, I'm noticing that many of you are still kind of in the weeds with really being able to understand what your differentiator is. Drop a yes or a one or something in the comments if that resonates. If you're still feeling like I know what it is that I do. Katie says one, yeah, yep. Yep. It's, it's almost like we're teetering on, we are convicted, right? We know what it is that we stand for. We know what it is that we're we're good at. We know that we have a skill set that's relevant. But then when it comes to actually communicating it in a way that positions us differently, especially when it comes to like, our brand specialty and the specialization and the category that we're in, and some of the brand amplifiers that we've talked about, it seems a little bit like it's still a little sticky, right? And so there's a couple of things I wanted to mention here, because I also understand that if you guys are in this program, you're like a plus students. You want to go through the modules, you want to watch the recordings time and time again. You want to do all the homework. You want to get all my feedback and make sure that you're doing everything correctly. And there's nothing wrong with that. I admire you guys for for going through so thoroughly and wanting to make sure that everything is clicking. The one thing I wanted to mention, however, though, is, at the end of the day, nobody is paying you to be clear on your core message and what your brand amplifier is, right? They're paying you because you're communicating a top of mind problem to them in a way that really resonates with what they are currently going through. So thing number one that I wanted to cover today is understanding the problem from the perspective of your ideal buyer. And the reason why we get so tripped up is because we have such a. Vast amount of knowledge, such a vast array of expertise, that to us, finding the common ground, finding that common thread, is overwhelming. It's, it's, it's hard, but to our ideal clients, they're only coming to us because of maybe one or two things that we might have said that have really hit the nail on the head. And so what we want to make sure that we're doing with our content and what we're doing with our positioning is not worrying so much about explaining the entirety of our work, explaining the entire essence of everything that we do and and how it's relevant and why it's important, but just simply finding the one or two threads that people are already out there searching for, the one or two things that people are already aware that they want to solve. And obviously, as you guys know, we're going to be getting deeper into like messaging and positioning and kind of understanding how to communicate this through your content, but for where we're at in the program right now, with you guys getting really, really clear on what particular niche or what particular Avenue or what particular specialization do you actually want to claim, I want you guys to focus less on trying to encapsulate all of it and more on trying to find Just if I had to summarize or distill down everything that I do into just one or two relevant scenarios that my ideal clients would want to solve, what would that look like? What is it that they're actively looking for support on?

Speaker 1  06:44
If you're in the wellness field, and you have so much knowledge about the human body and about physiology and about gut health and hormones and neurotransmitters, and like the entire picture, it became, it can become extremely overwhelming to know how to distill it down into, you know, a single sentence or a single problem, because there's so many different things that you could potentially promise your clients. But what I want to invite you guys into paying attention to in your work is, although you are widespread experts at all things, let's say the body, or all things mindset, or all things physiology, or all things business. What is the applicable element of your work? What is it that people can expect to experience or take away?

Speaker 1  07:39
What is the very relevant scenario that will improve in their day to day.

Speaker 1  07:51
I know this could also still be a bit broad, because even many of the questions that were submitted were inquiring about my support and helping you distill what that thing is. But I'm going to get you guys to to think a little bit more critically, think a little bit more deeply about it, because at the end of the day, when money is exchanged, that only happens when there's either a very particular outcome that is promised or a very particular gap that is solved, whether that's a problem, whether that's a need, like something that people are aware that they need to overcome, or something that people are very aware that they need to change about their current situation.

Speaker 1  08:36
Rose says confident offering clients cutting edge sexual wellness techniques, yeah, yeah. And I would even prompt you to go even further than that. What is it about the cutting edge sexual wellness techniques that is beneficial to them? Why would they want to learn about these cutting edge techniques? What exactly is it not just about the technique itself, but what is it about their current situation that these cutting edge wellness techniques are going to address or going to resolve.

Speaker 1  09:13
Sasha saying mental fitness to not be an emotional wreck when things get hard. That's good. Yeah, that's really good. That's very applicable. And I would prompt you to even go deeper into that in particular and ask yourself, what audience are you speaking to when it comes to when things get hard? Is it, let's say entrepreneurs. Is it, women in school? Is it, what does the hard look like? Like? Really solidifying. What exactly does the hard look like. But just saying, common sense, not so common for all. Yeah, and it's perfectly fine again. One of the things that I mentioned, I believe, on last week's call as well, is that the hardest part of doing this marketing thing, the hardest part of really understanding how to capture demand and how to position the thing that you do is to take yourself out of your position. So take yourself. Out of your shoes and put yourself in the shoes of someone who does not have your expertise and does not have your knowledge, and being able to communicate from their standpoint, that's the hardest thing that an expert can do. But that is why we're here, and that's why we're building the skill of marketing, because once you learn what the difference is between you communicating and focusing on selling your expertise versus you being able to meet the client where they're at. That's where the game changes. That's how you build demand. Now on that note, I'm going to move on to the second point I wanted to make to you guys, is that I'm seeing a lot of people getting tripped up around positioning the outcome that they offer, versus positioning the process that they use or the actual thing that they do. And one of the things that I've had to work hard on training my own private clients out of is helping them understand that people are not actually buying your expertise. And I know that this can sometimes be a little mis almost misguided, because we're taught that we need to build authority. We're taught that we need to position ourselves as the person who is credible, who is trustworthy, and all of that is true, but at the end of the day, they are not buying your expertise. They are buying the applicability of your expertise, and so in content and in your messaging, when you're going to write a piece or when you're going to record a video or when you're going to even speak with someone, whether it's on a call or in person, the energy and the intention behind that conversation or Behind that post is not to position your expertise, but it's to rather communicate the clear outcomes and benefits of what your expertise will do for them,

Speaker 1  12:00
and what I mean by this, even more specifically, is we don't want to focus on getting people sold on the mechanism, or getting people sold on your years of experience, or getting people sold on why your process is superior, until we've made it clear to them what the before and after of working with you is going to look like. And

Speaker 1  12:32
when I say this, we don't need to go into every conversation being like, Hey, I'm going to help you go from this to this. It could go that way, but sometimes in a natural conversational flow or in a post. That's not necessarily how we would present the information, but what we would want to be really clear on is going back to what I said at the very beginning, which is we want to find the one or two threads of what is it that people are actively looking to solve right now? What is going to what is the most relevant obstacle or the most relevant desire that they are looking for a solution for, and then from there, our job is not to position our expertise right. We're not selling our title, we're not selling our offer. We're not selling who we are and why what we do is going to be so influential or so transformative to them. We're focused on speaking their language. We're focused on, hey, I understand that you have this problem, and here's what it might look like for you. Here's what I know it could be causing you right now. Here's what you might be experiencing in your day to day.

Speaker 1  13:53
Here's where this comes from. Here's what I know you probably attribute this problem, or you attribute the symptom to this thing, but here's where it actually comes from. Here are the ways that you have probably tried solving it, and here's why they haven't worked. And I know that you want to be over here. I know you want to be experiencing X, Y and Z. This is why you have tried so hard to implement so and so and so solutions. This is why you've been looking for people who can help facilitate X, Y and Z. So do you guys see what these questions I'm meeting people where they are at I'm not making the conversation about my expertise. I'm making it about their experience, what I'm doing when I'm having this conversation again, this is this could be through video, this could be with a person, one on one, or this can be through content. It. I'm speaking to the relevant things that they are experiencing in their day to day that I know will be solved once they work with me. I'm not making the conversation about me and what I have to offer. I'm making the conversation about them. All right, let me quickly take a look at the comments here. I'm um, yeah. So Kevin says, communicating your value in a way that appeals to the mind, the heart, your dream clients, yep, exactly, greater connection with their authentic and true self. I'm going to come back to you guys, because there's, there's a couple of things that you, you mentioned in your in your question, and I want to make sure that we, we cover it, because I think I can help you get even deeper in what is it that people are actually looking to solve? Madison says, I realized last week that I can't give clients time, but when we can take the worry anxiety off the table, without your body, when you know, yeah, oh, sorry about your body, when you know you're doing your best, yeah? And how much brain space comes available for the things you truly want to focus on, yeah? Yeah. That's a really good insight. And now you want to ask yourself, is that something that people are actively aware of, or is that something that they will get once they work with you? But really good insight. Emily says, supporting mothers and wives to experience being part of a team with their family, husbands and children, not carrying everything on themselves. Uh huh. Rose says, We all know that life stressors get in the way of our clients progress. What if the homework that helps your clients increase their desire faster? Help body? Yeah, get faster buy in from your clients. Yeah, that's excellent. I think that's really good in speaking to the needs, wants, desires of the practitioners and what exactly it is that they're looking to achieve. So really well done as we talked about shifting your focus from like B to C to like B to B. Jamie says female entrepreneurs who do inner healing work open opportunities for their life purpose and build wealth something in that field. Yeah. And again, I'm going to prompt you to go even deeper with that and ask yourself, what are the particular obstacles or the perceived obstacles that these women are seeing getting in their way of being able to create that wealth and get in alignment with their purpose? So if they're not currently living in alignment with their purpose, and if they're not currently building wealth, what is it that they're experiencing and what is it that they attribute that experience to Sasha saying ambitious people who want to accomplish it in their lives build a six pack mind yet to match the body and navigate the complexities of being human Great, holding the mirror of current experience and future possibilities we're gonna get, by the way, guys, I'm there are ideas coming to me on how to make this even better, but because we haven't even touched on like proper messaging yet, I'm not gonna get too ahead of myself, because then we're gonna turn this whole call into a messaging lesson, and I don't want it to go in that direction. Jesse says, Not expertise, not the outcome, but the effectiveness of our process articulated by naming the pains in the language they understand and how it serves their outcomes. Yes, exactly. And I think what you've illustrated here is also super helpful in being able to make the difference between we are not okay, let me backtrack. We are selling our process and our expertise, but the intention of and the focus of our messaging is not to sell our process and our expertise. The intention and focus is to make people more aware of their current problems, pains, obstacles, challenges, and what is the actual desire that they're looking to facilitate, and then being able to follow up with why our method, process, mechanism, or our expertise is best fit to get into that gap. So we're trying to build an image of here's where you are now. Here are the things that you're experiencing. And I understand that, and I also understand here's where you want to be. Here are the outcomes that you want to attain. Here are some of the things that I know are super important to you. Now we've made what we do and what we speak about relevant to them. Now we've made it relevant. Now we've caught their attention, so they are more receptive to our process, to our mechanism, or to our offer, when we want to do the whole sell without selling thing where we're building demand or building desire for our offers without actually having to insert what our offers are. The main thing that I want you guys to take away from from that is that it's not that I'm saying don't talk about your offers at all and keep it a secret. And you know, nobody can post, you know, calls to action or anything like that. That's not my intention. My intention is that when we are selling people, we are not selling them on our service. We are selling them on the ability or the idea of the transformation that we can facilitate. So they're coming into our world with preconceived expectations or preconceived ideas of what it is that they already want to achieve. All that we're doing is helping position a. Ourselves by resonating with where they're at and where they want to be, and demonstrating that the thing that we've either created or the thing that we do or the thing that we've put together is going to be the best solution to help them do that. It's going to be the most, most effective, the most efficient method of facilitating that transformation. And this requires a deep understanding of what are the outcomes that are important to them. This is why, when you guys are using terms like self, trust and fulfillment and wealth and feeling connected to themselves, I'm going to urge you to go deeper than that, because those are all terms that are very open to interpretation, and they can mean very different things to different people. So in order for us to capture them at that top of mind state of yes, this is what I would want to pay for, we need to specifically outline what are those desired outcomes, what are the the current obstacles that they're looking to overcome.

Speaker 1  21:09
All right, now we're going to move on to the third point, and this is about demand. Because many people had questions about, you know, the demand capture versus the demand creation, and how to kind of navigate both of them. Some of you even said, I feel like I'm in both and this is where I what I need to say about that, just the fact that you are in the marketplace with a solution, and you have created or have come across a either product or mechanism or something that you want to get out there that already tells me that demand exists in the marketplace, so I don't want and many people also had questions around, like the market research aspect of it, like, Well, how long do I do market research before I actually get out there and start producing stuff? Well, you know, my take on this market research is best done through practical experience, meaning putting something together, putting it out there, and watching how people receive it, watching how people interact with it. So if you are in business right now, regardless of whether you're selling skincare or transformational coaching, there is demand for what it is that you do. So demand does not equate. I need to figure out if people are going to buy this thing. Demand equates. How do I position my thing in a way where people understand its value to them? So in both of the examples that I gave last week when it came to the demand creation and the demand capture, you guys remember the Dangerous Woman example I shared and then the pickleball example, both of those people were already in domains or already within fields where there's already demand for what it is that they do, but people don't have demand for their solution. They have demand for the need, right? And so people had to get or these two clients of mine had to get really clear on what was the need that was being fulfilled with the pickleball guy. People were not buying pickleball in particular, right? They weren't buying the actual thing, the actual solution or the mechanism. What they were buying was something that they were in the market for, which was a low impact form of exercise. And so if he focused primarily on his solution, he would be like, Well, nobody's out here wanting to buy what it is that I offer, which is not the case. It's just simply a matter of positioning it differently to meet where the market is willing to spend their money. With the dangerous woman. Example, she was already in a very lucrative field. Life Coaching is a very lucrative field. There is a lot of demand for it, but the issue was that she was positioning herself as just any other life coach out there, just any other person that can offer, you know, transformational life coaching services. And because of that, she had very little demand. Because although people are looking for a life coach, they didn't necessarily know what made her different against everybody else, and so to create demand, all she had to do was position her solution to speak to a very particular desired outcome. She coined the identity of the dangerous woman, and she gave it shape and structure and form. She gave it a definition. So what is a dangerous woman? She had seven different facets of like, here are the seven different attributes of a dangerous woman. This is how a dangerous woman shows up in her life. This is how, let's say, a complacent, woman shows up, versus this is how a dangerous woman shows up. Yeah, so she already crafted. I mean, she went into a market where there was already demand for what she did, but she needed, she needed to help people understand what was it exactly about her way of doing things differently that would be appealing to people. So when it comes to market research, it's far less about going out there and asking people, you know, would you buy this? Or hey, like, this is what I put together. Is this something that you think you'd want to solve? Or even directly asking people like, What is your problem? What is the obstacle that's in your way? Because people don't necessarily fully know what the obstacle always is, but what they do know is the symptoms of the obstacle. What they do know, and what I want you guys to pay attention to when you're being inquisitive with your market research, is, what is it that people think their problem is? What is it that they're complaining about? And then your job is not to say, oh, okay, that's what they're complaining about. Let me go and craft a solution based on what they're complaining about. Your job is to then ask yourself the deeper question of, if that's their complaint, what is the root cause of that? If my pickleball client went out and asked people what their complaint was, and they said, Well, you know, I want to get back into fitness. I want to start I want to pick up a sport. I want to do something that's really low impact. I want to do something that helps me kind of get back into shape, but it does not really put me at risk for injury. He wouldn't then go and be like, Okay, now I have to create something that does all of those things. He's not responding to the market. He's not allowing the market to dictate what it is that he needs to do. He now understands that his solution fits within what it is that people are already looking to solve pickleball, so the thing that he offers fits all of that criteria. So now his job becomes to help build the case for why Pickleball is such an incredible sport for that 50 plus age group that is looking to get back into shape and wants to do it in a non, you know, exhilarating way.

Speaker 1  27:30
All right, let me take a quick look at the the comments here. Sasha says, when we are so in it, what's the way to do it? I feel like I'm way close my Yep, definitely overthinking the obstacles. Well, there's no there's no perfect answer to this. And I think so many parts of building a brand requires you being in that experimentation and in that kind of like scientist mindset, because you can be very close to your work. And I'm sure everybody is including myself, and it can be really difficult to be able to put yourself in the shoes of somebody else, until you're actually in dialog with people. Your brand messaging and your offer your processes are not going to be developed by watching the videos in this program and then sitting down and doing the homework and then creating something from it. Your brand message is developed when you put what you've learned from this program into action and you start testing it out. Those two diagrams are the two, the double diamond kind of thing I showed you guys on last week's call. Only a small, small portion of that was brainstorming, and, you know, diagramming and doing doing your things. The rest of it was actually putting your message out there and paying attention to how people are responding to it. The rest of it was far more about let me test and iterate, rather than let me, you know, wait and see what people or create something that I think is perfected, and then put it out there and see how people are going to respond to it. So if you haven't had a chance, take a look at the unconventional ways to do market research video that was uploaded in your in your portals. And again, it is a period of experimentation, of putting things out and paying attention to how people respond. What are the questions that they come to you with? What are the concerns that they come to you with, and how can you make these micro tweaks to your offer and your message as you're as you're building your thing out?

Speaker 1  29:41
Jesse saying, I'm hearing a lot of what does that look like, very specifically in their life, with relatable examples for both challenges and the outcomes. Yes, exactly. The key to effective copywriting has always been to make the before and after as relatable and tangible as possible. If people can visualize themselves. Is in the scenarios that you're calling out. That's when you know that you're speaking to the needs or the desires we want to kind of stray away from the very overarching, very fluffy language that is all encapsulating like you're going to feel freedom, health, well being. You're going to feel in flow. You're going to feel a deeper sense of connection, a deeper sense of meaning, and instead, we want to actually illustrate what do those look like in vivid examples. Kevin's saying. So I think the need, for me is forging a brand that aligns with your values and that feels like yourself, not forcing you to create a fake persona just to be with your clients and try to please them. Yeah, this exactly. And I'm going to come back to you, Kevin, because I know you submitted a question for today, and I kind of want to go deeper into that with you, because I think with with you as well, there's so many different elements of like brand identity that I would almost want to urge you to not focus on promising an entire brand identity, but instead just a key facet of brand identity for now, because you are still within that brand sculpting phase for yourself, and I want to make sure that you feel comfortable and convicted and the promise that you're making and practice on how to make that more relevant to your ideal clients, so that you can start adding To and building more of the dimensions of of what exactly do you do with people when they come to you for brand identity? All right, the last thing I'm going to cover, before we jump into the questions, is this element of mastery, conviction and really understanding, kind of like, where do you draw the line between learning and learning more and testing more. And where do you draw the line between like, Okay, now I'm very solidly convicted in what it is that I do. There was a couple of questions, and I think Jessica, you had posted something in a group a couple of weeks ago, and I wanted to answer that, because there's also been a number of questions that came in after that that were relatively similar to what you were asking just kind of framed in a different way. So here's how I see it. The process of mastery means accepting that you will never get to an end destination where you will know everything that there is to know about your topic. You can only get to a point where you feel very confident in being able to facilitate a particular result for people, you will always be on this endless journey of deepening the work that you do. Even if I take myself as an example, there are things that I talked about and and was really deeply convicted in about two years ago, and now, when I look back at what I was teaching back then, they were still valid and they still worked, but my work has deepened to the point where now that is kind of like obsolete, like what I was teaching back then is no longer as strong and as potent, and I'm still facilitating the same results, But I just do it from a different lens. I do it from a much deeper lens. And so it doesn't mean that I was a fraud back then, and I didn't know what I was talking about. I still did have the experience under my belt, and people still really enjoyed working with me, and I was still able to get them really good results back then. I feel like my promise was a lot more conversions from your posts, from your websites, from your webinars. Like it was very like tactical based. It wasn't as like broad and generally speaking as what I'm talking about right now. I didn't really focus on intellectual property development and some of the deeper facets of what I do now, but it still had to do with messaging, positioning, conversions, client attraction. Now, what I have to say about that is, once you accept that you will never be an actual master at what you do, you will only get to a point where I almost see it like a graph. It's like you develop a skill set, and then you plateau for a while as you implement and during this plateau period is where you are taking in new information from your clients, integrating it, testing it, iterating what your solutions are. And then you go through another growth period where now based on this new level of information, you're able to elevate the transformation, you're able to elevate the the promise, you're able to elevate some of the outcomes and the way that you're positioning your work. And then you kind of go through another plateau where that just becomes your thing for a little while. So once we can accept this, this, you know, belief, or this notion that we will never fully be masters at what we do, but instead, our craft is in a constant state of evolution. Our conviction simply comes from that very specific plateau period of this is what I do with my clients right now. And I think the mistake that very many people make is that they start to scope creep, and they start to get, I don't know what the word for this exactly would be, but they would. It's almost like it's come. From a scarcity mindset, where it's like, if I don't promise the world to my people, they will not want to buy from me, or if I don't make this big, sexy, juicy, tangible promise that people won't see me as credible. That's come up with a few of you actually in this in this cohort, and that is simply not the case. The best advice that I can give you is to start with what you know. Now. Don't worry about what the market might buy or what can make your offer sexier and juicier and more you know it all encompassing. Instead, focus on what you know now, if it's like attachment styles, if it's one facet of brand identity, is it, if it's internal family systems, you will always be growing and developing on what it is that you do. So it's, it's greedy is not the word like, that's, that's, it has a bit of a negative connotation to it, but sometimes we almost get like, greedy with what we want to promise. And this doesn't come from a malicious place. It comes from a place of like we know that there's so much more to learn, and we know that we have so much potential to grow into, but to stay in integrity and to stay in congruence with our offers and with our promises, we want to make sure that we're sticking to what it is that we know we're sticking to, like, this is what I'm convicted in right now. I would love to be over there where I can promise the world, but I'm going to get there later right now. This is where I'm at. Okay, so that was my little spiel for today, because I think there was many questions that came in that all kind of hovered around. You know how to distill it down to one thing, how to be more tangible. You know how to not get ahead of yourself and stuff like that. And especially when it came to the demand component of things, I think too many people were starting to think like, Oh shoot. Like, what if there's nobody out there that wants to buy my thing? That wasn't the message I wanted you guys to take away from the demand building workshop. There is demand. If you are in business right now, whether you're selling again, like I said, tangible products or transformation or some crazy shit I've seen being sold on the internet, there's always demand for what it is that you do. It's just a matter of understanding whether you need to capture the demand or if you need to create the demand. So are people aware of the fact that what you solve is something that they need right now, or do you need to more fit into what it is that they see the problem as, so that they understand the value? All right, let's keep going here. Jesse's saying. I'm on the opposite end. In regards to promises, much of the promises feel really unethical to make knowing the intricacy and the nuance of human growth cycles, yeah, and the personal responsibility and development consistency necessary for a result to be possible. Okay, excellent. I know this wasn't really a question, but I actually want to address this. We can never make tangible promises from an ethical standpoint. I'm being careful with how I word this, because I don't want you guys to take it out of context. For example, I cannot make money promises, although I know and I'm confident that any person that works with me ends up making some form of ROI I cannot promise that end outcome because there are too many confounding factors that can influence that individual's result. And this might be because I have a science background and I kind of understand like, you know, you can't make certain promises like that individual nuance and factors are very important when it comes to being able to illustrate what it is that people can expect when working with you. This is where I say you are not to make tangible promises in terms of what can be. So, for example, I wouldn't say if you work with me, you'll hit your first six figures in a year. But what I will focus on is asking myself if someone were to have access to the teachings that I'm about to expose you to, or if someone were to have access to some of the questions that I'm going to answer, or if someone were to have access to some of my methods and models, what would be possible for them as a result of now having this skill set,

Speaker 1  39:19
the outcomes here have less to do with like the end goal, super juicy, desirable things that people might experience after working with you, and they instead, have a lot more to do with the actual tangible things. So it's like the before and after of going through your teachings now, after this week, you guys are going to have access to a training where I'm actually going to walk you guys through my process of how I put together like frameworks and how I put together like client processes that is going to be a key piece in helping you be able to communicate the end outcome from an ethical standpoint, because you are not promising. The overarching like promises of the future that you don't have control over. What you're promising are the very tactical, tangible things that people will walk away with from your program that you know you can facilitate. So in this program, I'm not going to say that clients are going to be knocking your door down after you go through this, or you're going to just have content pouring out of you that is that is all going to convert and whatnot, and you're going to be able to stand out in your industry and become the go to figure but what you will have is the ability to claim your domain. You're going to have the ability to know exactly what it is that you do for people and how you do it, you are going to have the clarity and confidence in how to articulate your work. You're going to know exactly how to position yourself in the market so that you're not competing against others, or so that you're no longer looking to other people for inspiration. So do you see how I'm much more focused on asking myself the question, if you guys go through my teachings, if you guys go through this program, what are the skills that you are going to develop, and how are those skills going to improve or influence your day to day experiences in your brand? I'm not focused on selling you guys, the money, the clients, the you know, the fame, the recognition, because those are things I don't have control over. I don't have control over how frequently issues show up on social media, what your audience is, what your offer is like. I don't have control on those things. So I focus on what I can control, which are the micro transformations that will take place as a result of you being in this program. Jamie, say people even sell their farts. Yeah, on. I was actually thinking that when I said people sell crazy things on the internet. I've seen that amazing. Okay, and Jesse, so is there an assumption of base level participation when determining this, can you clarify what you mean by that? And you can unmute yourself if you can, if it's easier, rather than typing out,

Unknown Speaker  42:10
yes, I can. I'm in the back, so I'm going to keep my camera off. It's fine. It's fine.

Speaker 2  42:16
So I mean, when making a promise that I know I can guarantee, as long as the person shows up, right? Like, if they don't leave, or if they choose to show up and be texting on their phone while things are happening, things like that, like, I can't, I can't guarantee that they're going to drop into presence if they're choosing not to to there's that there's such a self choice piece that I'm like, I would just love your insight.

Speaker 1  42:42
Yeah, okay, okay, I'm gonna get ahead of myself. It's okay. Um, this is where client criteria comes into play, and this is one of the things that I really heavily focus on inside neuro message, actually, because when people think about messaging, they think of it as like, I need to nail my message like, I need to be so clear in what my outcomes are and what the problem is that people are going to solve that we completely neglect to remember that, like you said, human choice and the individual differences between how people show up. So how can you make a promise, or how can you be very clear on what your outcomes are going to be if you can't even control how the person is going to be showing up for you? And to that, I say that is up to you as the practitioner, and it is up to you as the coach to really set the boundaries and also to set the expectations of who are the people that you choose to work with. I have an entire and maybe, if we have, if we have a chance by the end of this cohort, I can walk you guys through that. I have an entire, like mini questionnaire that really helps idealize what, or qualify who the most ideal version of your client is. I have, like, specific beliefs, specific things they need to have in place, specific actions they must be willing to take, and if they don't fall into those criteria, I decline their application. And some people have told me this is really tough, and it actually increases the barrier of entry into working with me. And I say that's the point when I say my work is not for everyone. The reason why is because, exactly like Jesse said, not everyone has what it takes to show up in a container to actually get the best out of it. So if you join neuro message and you're not showing up to calls, you're not doing the homework, you're not posting frequently. I can't promise that you're going to walk away with results, and so I make sure that every single person coming into the program is aligned with the ethos and is aligned with the beliefs of the program, and is willing to actually take the actions and actually make them like agree to. These are the agreements that you're coming into inside this program. And again, the reason for that is because we can't control other people, but when we're crafting spaces, we can control what the parameters are within that space itself, and what is it that we want people to follow through on in the beginning of my journey, and even when I've worked with a lot of emerging entrepreneurs, the number. One complaint was like nightmare clients, or clients who don't show up, don't do the work, and then blame you for not getting results, or clients who say that they're super gung ho, but then don't actually follow through with their plans that you've created for them, or clients that come and they listen, they absorb and then they just do nothing with the information. Again, I'm not saying that this is your fault and you need to be, you know, a better coach or better practitioner. However, what this does tell me is that the vetting process of creating like a much more refined criteria for who you allow into your spaces and what they need to be willing to do needs to be super on par. I've even removed people from programs as again, as harsh as that sound, full refund, no like, no questions asked, just being like it is. There's no tough love here. It's just simply the fact that I can tell that you don't have the readiness it takes to actually implement what it is I'm going to teach. And it is a lack of integrity for me to take your money knowing that you don't you're not at the readiness level, or at the commitment level to do what it is that we're going to be doing in this program. So that's my take on that. Like I said, I might get a little ahead of myself, because client criteria is something we go much deeper into. But guess what? You need to have a solid brand identity before you get clear on your client criteria. Because if you don't even have a solid stance on what do you solve? How you solve it? What makes it different? What's special about it? Then it becomes increasingly difficult to create criteria for who it's best fitted for. Right? We need to be clear on our own criteria before we can go out and communicate who it's for. And guess what? As a result of doing that, your conviction in yourself becomes so grounded and so much deeper when I have a clear set of criteria where I'm like, if you don't meet this, meet this criteria, we're not, we're not a fit, even if you're willing to pay upfront the whole tuition or whatnot. That again, solidifies my stance and my conviction being like, I know who I'm for and I'm not. I know who I'm not for. Awesome. All right, let's keep going here. Stephanie says, yes, one of the things that annoys me, most of the clients show up to a coaching call without a topic of mind. They want help with it. Yeah, yeah. Or, or the Savior energy, right? I, I've, I've spoken a lot about that with with many of my clients. Of like, my business is not working here for me. Is fix it for me, right? It's, we're, we're outsourcing and we're we're no longer trusting ourselves, we're allowing, or we're wanting someone to swoop in and save us. Like I don't know what I'm doing. Nothing is working for me. I've been posting. Nothing converts. Nothing works. People are horrible. Can you fix it for me? Right? I don't. I don't work with people like that. Amazing. All right? Jesse says I've attempted this and could do even more. Yes, exactly, yeah. And it starts with you, right? It starts with you being really convicted in what it is that you you know you need people to do in order to get results. And this is part of like healing, some of those people pleasing patterns that many very heart led coaches have in our space, which is, I see your problem. Let me help you. Let me save you. Let me do the work for you. Let me whatever it is. And it's like, no, not everybody has the willingness, the readiness, the commitment, to actually follow through. Alright, let's get into the actual questions. Like I said, I know that I don't want to get too too sidetracked. I know a lot of you have submitted things, and I want to make sure that I have the time to to go through them. Okay, so first and foremost, before I actually get into the thread, there was a couple of questions that were dropped in the group that I made a note of that I'm going to come back to and answer here. So Gus, I think yours was the first one that I made a note of, and you are on the call. I did see. Where are you? There you are. Hello. Okay, so from what I've read, this is what I kind of synthesized, and this is kind of where I wanted to provide both my feedback and also have a dialog with you to make sure I've understood everything kind of correctly. So the biggest thing that stood out to me, and going back to what I said at the very beginning of this call of like, what are the one or two threads that people are looking to solve? I think just the idea of navigating midlife for women is a huge topic of itself. And where's Kelsey? Kelsey somewhere on this call as well. Kelsey is Hey, hi, hi. This is something that Kelsey and I had also kind of worked through a number of years ago, actually. And I feel like this is a a low penetrated market where there aren't very many resources specifically directed to these women in particular. And so when it comes to everything from your core message to your psi to your brand amplifiers, as I read through your post, there was nothing that I would change. It sounds to me that you're actually very clear on exactly what makes it different, how you kind of interweave your own personal experience, and how your background and kind of understanding health and wellness plays into it. So I actually love the way that you've outlined it. I think the overthinking might be happening with what do I do with all this information, and how do I now. Bay it in a way that makes sense to people. And I think the reason why this is so important to address on the call in front of everyone is because many of you are in the same boat. You've actually nailed your like, what's my specialty, what's my domain, what's my what's my core promise, what are the brand amplifiers? And then you look at it and you go, okay, great. What do I do with all this now? How do I get this in front of people? So what I want you guys to think about is there's the internal brand and there's the external brand. Everything that we're doing in this program up until now has been your internal brand. And this is the, again, the necessary groundwork so that you as the coach or you as the practitioner behind the scenes feel really clear on what you do before you can go out and you can communicate it. So we have the brand identity and then the brand expression. Because where you're at right now is brand expression. You've actually figured out the brand identity piece pretty well when it comes to brand expression, this is where I want you to take yourself out of the experts shoes, and put yourself in the shoes of the ideal client. And I think this might be actually pretty simple for you, because you yourself were able to derive your area of expertise and your niche from your own personal experience. And so I want you to ask yourself the question, if you did not have the knowledge that you have about menopause, perimenopause, and navigating you know this, this kind of like in between phase for women, like this midlife phase for women, if you didn't have access to the knowledge and the resources and the wisdom that you have, what would be some of the problems in your day to day that would perpetuate, and when you're starting with the brand expression part of your branding journey, I don't want you to worry so much about like building the gap and building demand for your offer, and how do I offer it? I instead want you to focus on brand awareness, which is just simply focusing on the symptoms and the end goals of what is it that these women need support with and start building those brand associations between those problems that they're facing and something that you have a solution to? So

Speaker 1  52:23
another way that we can think about this. And again, this goes for everybody else who's in that phase where you're like, I have figured out this, all of this homework stuff that you've given us premise, but now what do I do with it? Is to then ask yourself the question, what are the main aspects, or the main domains of my ideal client's life that my core message or my psi would be most relevant to So for you, let's say, if midlife is a big topic, I would say, Let's distill it down into maybe three core areas of midlife that women are struggling with the most. It might be like identity, like them relating to themselves. It might be and again, I'm just throwing ideas out there. I'd like feel no pressure to have to make it these, but just as examples. So it could be their identity, so how they feel about themselves. It could be their relationship to their body, and how their body is changing and how their body is not able to either perform or show up or maintain the same level of whatever it was as before it might be in their situational like how their life is unfolding, right? So there's their relationship with the self, and then there's also, like the Navigating the different changes that are happening around them. And what this does is that when you've narrowed it down to like three core domains that's relevant to them, again, this is this has nothing to do with your brand. This is you now asking yourself, what are some of the things that might be going on for them? You can now direct all of your content strategy to speaking to one of these three domains every time you post something, and the goal of the content right now is not to have some sort of like epic strategy of how often you're posting or how often you're talking about it. It just simply becomes to build the brand awareness between what these women are going through, what are they navigating, and how is it related to the very thing that you do, is this resonating? Do you have any questions, any any elements of clarity? I'd be happy

Speaker 3  54:28
to help. Yeah, thank you. It is really resonating, and I think I'm going to need to sit with because also what you were sharing just earlier on this call, there's a lot that came up around getting specific about the obstacles they're facing and what they're complaining about, and getting a lot clearer about that, instead of like you're saying, be more general. So you know, the massive change, the uncertainty, the pressure, the overwhelm, this sense of dislocation or disorder. Orientation to themselves, or how they've known themselves for the last four decades, but suddenly that's all shifting and changing. So I think I can get more specific about that, and then, like you said, tap into the domains. But I definitely think identity is one, yeah, uncertainty, yeah. It is really, it is really resonating. Thank you. Good. No

Speaker 1  55:19
problem. And also for anyone else who's kind of following along and is kind of in the same boat, when you're thinking about the domains, I want you to then ask yourself, so for example, let's say we take the disorientation, right? They're like, they're feeling a little bit of a lack of connection to themselves, their environment, their health, like things are just shifting. I want you to really put yourself in the shoes of a person who's actually going through that, and ask yourself, what are the thoughts, what are the fears, what are some of the internal points of dialog that's coming up for them? Like, what are they what are they telling themselves? What are they asking themselves? Because to you and I, disorientation is very clear, because you and I also have very clear idea of what your actual brand is, what you do, what you solve, like we know the vastness of your expertise, but people don't. So what we want to make sure that we do is when we're talking about, let's say, disorientation, to paint a very vivid picture of how that disorientation might look like for them, how that disorientation is showing up for them, what are some of the thoughts and feelings that they're having about that disorientation when they feel like they've almost like lost themselves, or when they're in that period of, like a void, what does it look like they're in this like, messy in between transition? What does that look like?

Speaker 3  56:37
And then you kind of, as you share content and pieces around each of these thoughts that I've had around each domain, you're kind of then also talking about how they might be dealing with it and why it's not working, and how they could be looking at dealing with it and solving it. Yeah, so even though I don't have an actual offer on the table, I can still be priming them about, wow, there's something about the way she's explaining this that really resonates

Speaker 1  57:05
Exactly. And I'm so happy you said that, because I was going to follow up with even if you don't have something to sell, like, even if there's no offer at the back end of this, in the brand awareness phase of your business, you are simply strengthening the associations between what they are currently going through and what is very real and raw and on their heart and you as a brand. And it doesn't matter if you have a solution to offer or if you don't, it's okay. What you want to be doing right now is further educating people on the problem that they have, why it's coming up, what it's not attributed to. So what do they think it's actually attributed to, versus what it actually is attributed to? And just helping educate them on the fact that you have an opinion, you have a perspective on something that they're going through, one of the things I often post about that I think becomes really relevant here is if you can shift the way people see their problem or put words to an experience that they themselves have not been able to put into words. That's how you start building trust and credibility, even if you don't have an offer on the back end, and even if you don't have something that you're going to be selling them.

Speaker 3  58:14
Yeah, it's like that body of work. So if they land on you, or they someone shares something you that you share, and they come back and have a look at your page. There's so much for them to suddenly tap into. So I feel like I've been doing that, but I think all of the questions and the work you've had us do over the last three weeks has helped me get more grounded in in that conviction piece, and maybe get a bit clearer about, like you said, the domains I can think about and then focus on those and just really, like, explore them in more depth. So this has been really helpful. I kind of feel like I'm in the right going in the right direction, but this has given me, I think I was doing it intuitively, without, without really knowing why I was doing it, and this has given me a lot more grounding. So that's really helpful. Thank you,

Speaker 1  58:54
of course. And that is the entire intention, again, of this program too. It's not, hey, can you turn my entire business around and give me a marketing plan and sales plan and craft my offer for me. It's to help you feel a lot more solidly grounded in what you do differently, so that when you do go out to communicate it, or when you do go out to build offers, at least, you feel grounded as a service provider in what it is exactly that you do for people. And when we're doing it from an intuitive place again, we might have the confidence and knowing our on our our own experiences, teachings, things that we do, but because we haven't had the chance to actually go through it from this critical lens of like, organizing it and like, what is the domain, what is the problem, what are the outcomes, it becomes harder for us to be able to communicate that, so the stronger your conviction becomes. And this is my standpoint, this is my position, this is how I do things differently. The better you can go out and actually explain what it is that you do. So yes, you're absolutely on the right path. Thank

Unknown Speaker  59:50
you. That's really helpful. Worries, no problem.

Speaker 1  59:54
Okay, so let me just bring up my questions up here. Oh, oops, accidentally. Just closed it Alright, so let me go in order here. Let me just make sure I actually have it up in order. There we go. Okay, Victoria, and you actually had something that you dropped in the chat, just renowned. So how do you hold that conviction? Yes, see or hear crickets from your posts and offers the call with Dana was super helpful on understanding, yeah, the nervous system dysregulation. Curious how the shift in energy holds your conviction, no matter what the external response is, ah, this is like the crux of the entrepreneurial journey, where your faith is most tested when you are so called, doing all the things, showing up, you know, pouring your heart into your content. And it is not paying you in what it is that you think it should be paying you, whether it's engagement, sales, conversions. And the hardest part about being deeply convicted about what you do is if you can stay convicted even when you're not seeing evidence of it working. And I know that sounds so Woo, and it sounds like that's the last thing that people want to hear when they're in that phase of like I need to do better, and I need things to start, you know, building momentum and start working. For me, the hardest part is being able to not blame your audience or not blame the algorithm or what's going on, but consistently tune back in to yourself energetically and strategically so energetically coming from a place of is what I'm sharing in absolute congruence with what I want to become known for. Am I making it clear why I'm relevant to people? Right? Because sometimes we could be posting our hearts out, and we could be doing all of these showing up, but if the showing up is not matching with what it is that people are looking to solve or not matching up with what there's demand for. People might be engaging with our stuff, but no one's actually buying so wanting to make sure that we're kind of tuned in to the you know, tuned in to making sure that what we're putting out there is actually aligned with what we want to be known for, aligned with what people want to buy, and then also deepening our own brand conviction, deepening our own brand identity, and deepening the way that we have chosen to present our brand. So it's a consistent kind of dance between testing, writing, being present with what is going on, and also holding the faith. It is not a matter of just like continue to post and pray and at some point it's going to click. Because, again, we don't want to keep doing something if it's not working. We want to stay consistent with it and then inquire about why it might not be working. So are the, let's say, headlines catchy enough. Is the post clear who it's for. Are my offers solving a relevant need? Do people deeply understand and resonate with the before and after picture that I'm painting for them? So your conviction stems out of your dedication to consistently refining and improving the content, not necessarily reliant on the external validation of it working or not. The people who see results long term are the ones who allow themselves to not see instant gratification or not see the evidence of things working immediately. You also had a question around. Let me see here. So you said, I've been brought up on the call so far, I have trouble dedicating time for just myself to be with my thoughts. Find routines very difficult. Yet I know without a dedicated time and space on a calendar, things don't actually get done. This is also one of the things that, as I mentioned at the very, very beginning of this cohort, is one of the best things that you can do for yourself, is to try, try your best, to allow an hour or two minimum, I would say, a week, to set aside time for just creative output without an agenda. Meaning it doesn't have to be a dedicated work, time where you have an intention or a dedicated goal that you're trying to accomplish. What is important is that you're allowing your thoughts, those abstract ideas that you have in your mind, to be crystallized onto paper. Because clarity around much of what we're talking about inside this cohort is going to naturally happen as a result of that. Now sometimes we're going to have constraints on that, whether it comes to structural constraints, energetic constraints, our capacity might not be there, and this is why I'm also allowing you guys the spaciousness to not feel like everything needs to be completed on a routine, on a schedule, but allow yourself to show up for these calls. Re watch them if you have to allow the information to marinate in your mind. Mind and not feel the rush to have to take action on everything right away, like just allow yourself to be in the content for a little while, journal on it, meditate on it, and recognize that anything worth creating is going to take time. It's going to take a number of tests and challenges to help you do that. So don't feel any level of guilt if you haven't had the chance to, like, sit down and write content, or if you haven't been showing up very, you know, frequently on your social platforms, that's okay. The goal here is, is to integrate and to digest and to create something of quality, rather than feeling like you have to force yourself to sit down if you have very real limitations on your capacity right now, that's that's perfectly fine. Don't worry about that. Alright, bum bum bum. I'm going to take a quick look at the comments here. Let's see here. Yeah, I am the Lulu. I will pay off. Yeah, exactly. I do that in the shower and my brain explodes. Yeah, absolutely. I have two hours train times a day. I'll be using that for thinking, yeah, it's, honestly, it's one of the reasons why I go on these really long thinking walks and stuff. It's one. It's nervous system regulating, but it's when some of my best downloads and ideas and kind of concepts come into play. It's when we're not trying to think right? It's either when you're in the shower, working out on a walk, doing dishes, right before you're about to doze off to sleep like that's really when the the ideas start coming through, because you're not consciously trying to solve the problem. That's when your subconscious is connecting the dots without your interference, without your conscious interference. Alright, let's move on. I think I had Kevin, I think you're up next. So I've read through the post, and I think actually what I'm going to do is, after the call, I would like to go back to the kind of, like the original post where you did a brain dump of all the different elements of your homework, just to give you a couple of, like, key pieces of insight that I think would be relevant there. But I think the one thing I wanted to come back to with you is what you said in your question here around I'm not sure what's top of mind for my people and whether the problem I highlighted is strong enough for them to pay attention. I feel like if I'm not talking about a big problem, like, I'll help you get clients, I'll help you lose 20 pounds, people won't be interested. So I wanted to address this a little bit, because I feel like this kind of goes back to what we talked about kind of earlier on this call about not making it about the overarching promise, and not making it about like the big juicy thing that is going to end up at the at the end of when people work with us, because when we think about it that way, it almost puts so much pressure on us to have to morph our message and morph our own positioning into Something that we think is going to be very desirable, rather than focusing on what is the actual thing that we are good at and what we know so from everything that you dumped out. And I can say this with full conviction, because I feel like our messages are very similar, and what we do is very similar for our clients. So a your your question around like two people actually know that they need a solid brand, or they need a solid brand identity. And you mentioned that, you know, there's a lot of people online that are speaking about the importance of personal brands, but people like don't really actually understand why that's required for them to be getting clients and whatnot. So talk to me a little bit of what, what your experience has been with using the brand identity piece as like the lead in your content is that something that you've recently come to or something that you've tested in your content in the past and didn't see many results with, right?

Speaker 4  1:08:29
So the whole idea of doing branding came to me in the last three to six months by following someone on LinkedIn. And the guy is like, talking about branding, and I'm like, this is exactly what I've been doing with my clients, except I've never called it branding, because one of my mentors who used to say, like, branding is bullshit. You don't need bread, you don't need a brand, right? So I was like, Yeah, well, exactly, exactly that face is right now, like my face, but back then, I was like, yeah, no need for no need for branding, right? Branding is bullshit. And so recently, I came to the realization that that's what I've been doing my clients, plus the part of, like, implementation, with the funnels and webinars and all that. And so I talk about it a little bit, but like, on and off, because I didn't want to claim it. I didn't want to say, like, Hey, I'm the brand guy. Because I was like, Yeah, everybody talks about branding, so how am I different than them? So I didn't want to claim it, but now I'm like, Yeah, you know what? I want to claim it, but differently, and kind of position it differently and and you also, like, inspired me to do that, because the way you talk about branding is completely different than what other people do. So yeah, that's something new for me to talk about it, but, but, yeah, in terms of, like, doing it, that's the whole part that I've been doing, like, the who you're talking to, what is the offer? And I'm amazing with offers. Like, I can call myself the offering, right? I'm not calling myself that, but like, to the point where I'm really great at it. And so offer. Creation and messaging and all that. So I understand that this is the part of like, the branding that I love. But I'm not talking about it in terms of like, in the context of branding. I'm talking about like, Hey, here's a message and here's how to fix it, here's the offer and how to fix it, or how to make it better, or whatever it is, right? But I'm not saying like, this is part of the brand. Okay?

Speaker 1  1:10:25
Here's what's coming to me as you're speaking. I don't think that positioning yourself as the brand guy completely encapsulates what you actually want to be known for. I think your issue is you've been doing you've been doing something with your clients intuitively that has gotten them really good results, and you've been trying to find, how do you like? What do you categorize it as like? What do you categorize what you're actually doing with people? And I think the closest thing that you landed on was the brand part, because it is kind of branding, like getting clear on what they solve and who they do it for, and what their offer is. I almost feel compelled to want to, how do I say this? I almost want you to have, like your own branding formula or concept that is not just brand identity, because there's there's two pieces of this that I see. One is that I do think that people pay for brand identity if they recognize the importance of it. So the reason why people join this program right everybody inside here, is because the way that I position this program and the way that my content talked about the importance of what we're going to be doing in this program is that you can be going out there and trying to sell and trying to market and try to build offers, but if you don't have this identity piece intact, it becomes really difficult to know how to communicate, how to get leads, because you're missing that conviction. And you can only have that conviction when you have the foundations of your brand laid out. And that's where many people were like, oh my goodness, you're so right. I've been going about it the opposite way, where I've been trying to market, trying to sell. I didn't realize I needed a brand identity. So there absolutely is demand for what it is that you do, because this whole container is a is a reflection of that. I think what's missing from your way of presenting it is that you're not just helping people get clear on just the brand identity. There's also the offer piece, there's also, you know, there's some of some of the implementation facets when it comes to like the funnels and understanding conversion psychology. And so I almost feel like pigeonholing yourself into just brand identity, the reason why it doesn't feel so good, or the reason why you're feeling like, well, do people even know that they need that is because it's not fully representative of everything that you're doing with people. Like, it's it. It partially what you do with people, but you're trying to add context, and you're trying to add form to what it is that you actually do. But it doesn't feel like brand identity is the actual thing. Does that make sense?

Speaker 4  1:13:07
Yeah? Yeah, yes. Then what? Yeah. So what is, because I'm trying to understand, like, what I'm great at, and like, yeah, the implementation part is, I love it. It's great, but I don't always want to do it with my clients. I'm, like, just a little piece of it, but not like, Hey, let me build your funnel for you, unless you pay me, like, 10,000 10s of 1000s of dollars, right? But I love the part of, like, strategizing and really understanding, like, who do you talk to? What is the offer? What is the solution? Like, really the part, like the pre funnel part, right? This is what I call it, the free funnel part and so and in that, I'm trying to inject my background in psychology and sales. But psychology, again, like, I love the neural marketing and all that, but the psychology in terms of, like, the psychotherapy part of it, like really understanding your people and how to speak to them, and how to empathize with them, and all that specifically, and not like, Hey, you should use like, price, price inquiry, right? Because that's great, but you have to have this basis of like understanding your people before you go ahead and try and implement some cognitive biases. And so I'm trying to find a way to implement that. And identity is also a work that I'm doing in my client, with my patients in psychology. So I'm trying to say like, Hey, trying to have this parallel like saying hey, I'm helping my patients to find their identity so they can show up to the world by the way they are, etc, etc, and be authentic by the way they communicate and form relationships. And so you can do the same thing with your brand, because if you your brand, because if you have your brand identity, then you can show up in a world as if it's like a person. Your brand is like a living, breathing person, kind of, right? And that's what I'm trying to do, but I'm not sure it's the right way to go about it.

Speaker 1  1:14:55
Yes, you okay. So you landed on what it is that makes you different. I think that you've been trying. To position yourself as someone who can help with the marketing aspect, when really your zone of genius, like you said also in this post, is helping people not have to put on a mask of like this is how I should be showing up in order to get the sales. There's the psycho analytic component of what you do that is your differentiator. That is what makes you different. It is not about I'm going to help you develop a solid brand identity so that you can get more clients, or so that you can position yourself better, so that you can create better offers. Because by doing that, you are simply positioning yourself in the same bucket as everybody else that can have the same promise you and I can basically copy paste sales pages and it would exactly right, exactly what you're doing differently that I don't do, which I really feel like is the aspect that I want you to go deeper into, is the the psychological component of like, who you Are, being behind the brand, like really getting into the identity piece of understanding yourself better, understanding your gifts better, and then being able to package your gifts in a way that is truly authentic to you, not what the market has been dictating or not what you feel like needs to be done. And I feel like there is actually a really big demand for this, because you're doing it, you're doing it from this, like, science based lens of like, let's get clear on who you are, what are your gifts, what are your talents, and how do we then merge that with marketing and with brand identity development, so that you develop your own kind of mechanism so that you become known for Your offer, and you've mentioned offer quite a few times in this in this kind of discussion, right? And that leads me to kind of feel like your zone of genius when it comes to positioning, is not helping them, you know, produce funnels and content. It's actually to get really clear on what that offer is, and without them having clarity on their unique authority, or without you know who they actually are behind the scenes, it becomes really hard to craft an offer that is authentic to them. A couple things that I would recommend doing, and I think this is kind of really where frameworks and methods and processes are going to serve you well, is I would almost want you to create your own concept. So, for example, there's something I'm going to be teaching you guys. I think it's next week, called authority architecture, and it's basically like the 10 different elements of how to build authority that is likable. Now that is like, let's say IP that I've created. But Kevin, for you, I think it would be super cool. Like, in my head, I'm seeing like a three part Venn diagram. It doesn't have to be this, like, it could be something else. Just example, I'm almost seeing like a three part Venn Diagram of like, what does like an authentic brand actually mean? And there's like, one facet of it that it's like, it's the human like, really being connected to your gifts being connected to your wisdom, being connected to, like, who you are, what you do well, like really getting clarity on that. The second component of that is understanding, like the mechanisms of how to put that into, like a structured offer, like how to build a viable business from it. So how do you create an offer, or a series of offers that best encapsulate your genius and your wisdom. And then the third component of it is more like, how do you actually build a brand with that? Like, how do you now go out there and get clients? And then that could be some of the more detailed nuances of, like, your your presence, or, like the message and getting, let's say, a couple funnels in place. Like, how do you now distribute that like, distribute that wisdom, distribute other people. And again, this is just like a super like, I just got on the spot. It doesn't have to be that, but I almost feel like your zone of genius is a lot less about just brand identity, and it's instead about tying in your background, in psychology, your skill set and building offers, and then the viability of being able to help people actually go out there and get clients with this so interesting.

Speaker 4  1:19:12
So if I'm trying to clarify it a little bit, it's like, if I'm thinking, what you're doing is basically, I'm going, like, one step behind it right before that, and trying to get the people to know themselves on a deeper level, do some identity work, etc, etc. And then from this place, go ahead and do whatever you're doing right, like understanding your identity, your brand identity, presence, message and all that interesting.

Speaker 1  1:19:37
And what I'm saying is that it's not necessarily a step behind me, because I think you can still do what I do, but you're adding that element of them getting clear before you go into the brand identity building. Yeah, so it's almost like, you know how I said people focus on their their marketing, and like they're really overly emphasizing the importance of putting. Content out and whatnot. I realized that the step before that is building a solid brand identity where they feel convicted and what they do. You're taking it even before that and getting clear on like, what is your authentic genius? Like, what is it that you feel you can do best unmasked? Not feeling like you need to change yourself to be somebody else, not feeling like you need to figure it out, like you're you're implementing the psychological elements that I'm not doing with my

Speaker 4  1:20:26
clients. Yeah, psychological element of the human in the brain, exactly. Well, refer me. Refer your clients to me then. But yeah, I get what I get what you're saying. Okay, so that's actually interesting, and I've never been able to lend on this. Actually, I was trying to inject my knowledge, my zone of genius, inside of what I already knew. Because for the last five years, I've been spending my time on learning marketing from the greatest guys, right, Russell Brunson and Todd Brown and all those kind of people, like dead people, rich people and all that. But I need to go one step behind, like before that in order. Okay, cool, interesting.

Speaker 1  1:21:10
What you need to do is not to look at what people are teaching and what works. What you need to do is to innovate a way that is unique to how you solve the problem. So it's phenomenal that you've learned from some of the greats within the marketing space. And you kind of you, you've really developed that skill. Like, if I were to throw you a client right now and I said, hey, this person has a business, can you help to market it? You will have the skill set and the knowledge to do that. But what is making you different is not looking at what already exists, and how do you create? How do you basically fit your expertise into what already exists? And it's going to work. You're taking yourself outside and asking yourself, what's missing from the marketplace. Because even if you follow all the big marketing bros, the issue with what they're doing is that they're not focused on the human behind the brand. They're focused on scalability. How can I make this as seamless as possible? How can I have the less amount of the least amount of friction into getting people into offers? It's all about money, money growth, scale. Money, money, money, right? What you're focusing on is the individual behind the person who is looking to scale, because that is also tying your your expertise, your skill set. Do you guys remember when we talked about T shaped brands? I had those like, two complex diagrams where there was, like, all the different elements. This is the like. This is how that comes into practicality. You're looking at like you have, the marketing, the brand identity, the content, the funnels, like you have expertise, and all of that. But the missing piece is also the psych, the psychology piece, and between you and I, is that I also implemented a lot of psychology, but it was consumer psychology, so that people are how to use consumer psychology to influence their marketing. You're not necessarily using consumer psychology. You're using like, the actual identity piece of psychology, of like, how do we get into the depth of you as a human?

Speaker 4  1:23:05
Yeah, yeah, which is completely different than what those great people talk about, because they're like, Hey, want to help you understand your clients and the emotions and, like, the empathy Matt and all map and all that. But I'm like, yeah, it's great, but you have to understand yourself better before you can communicate to people, with people, whether like power and like strength and like being grounded in who you are, before you can like, I'm confused right now. It's bad to understand yourself before you can communicate with the world and interact with the world, because otherwise you like, there's always going to be a mismatch unless you understand yourself.

Speaker 1  1:23:42
Understand yourself. Yeah, and I think there's a very particular subgroup of people who are aware of the fact that they're out there trying to market to the external world without that sense of deep connection within themselves. And so your role becomes educating people on the importance or in the way that you help them get deeper connected to themselves, so that they can actually create mission led businesses that are coming from a place of integrity, not from a place of what is going to be selling as fast as possible.

Speaker 4  1:24:21
And so if I look at that like, what would be a top of mind problem for them, like I'm trying to understand, like,

Speaker 1  1:24:29
to me, the top of my problem here is people are building. And I can speak from experience, because I have clients that have come to me. People have come to me saying that they have completely lost touch with why they got into business in the first place. They feel like they're on a hamster wheel of producing offers, delivering offers, creating content like their their business has almost become a like it's like an entity of its own, where they first bought into business because they were really passionate about what they did. They saw. Need. But through going all of the coaching certifications and marketing courses and whatnot, they've veered away so far from what they originally wanted to sell. Because again, they've been listening to marketing gurus around like how to package the offer, how to communicate it, what the message should be. So they've disconnected from the actual essence of why they got into business in the first place. Interesting one angle. And again, I don't want you to take what I say as like gospel, like you might go out and do some research and talk to some people, and you might be like, No, actually, the problem is much deeper than that. So that, from my perspective, kind of, what the, what the issue, and I invite you into, perhaps maybe thinking about what those, maybe two, three or four like elements would look like that really kind of tie in what it is that you do for people and how it's different, and then

Speaker 4  1:25:52
Start in like brand identity message, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right after that. So it's gonna be good.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:06
Yes, exactly.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:08
Thank you very much. Though it was, it was awesome. Thank you. And

Speaker 1  1:26:11
for everybody else. Do you guys realize that, like, when you kind of zoom out and stop trying to, like, figure out, like, what is the message? What is the problem? You're taking the attention away from like, what are people going to buy? What are people going to look at me and, you know, see me as an authority, as and instead, you start asking yourself, like, what am I actually good at? What are the skill sets? What are the areas of passion, like, what are the things that make me different? And how do I infuse all of them together into this one thing that I become known for, and when you get into process and framework creation, this is kind of where your differentiator takes place. Like your differentiator being like, let's say like I said, Kevin and I can offer the same things. We both can facilitate the same results, but his approach and his philosophy on brand building might come from a deeper psychoanalytical approach, whereas mine will come from a much more like, let's say, philosophical and branding approach. So even though we both do the same things, the way we approach it is different, and that's what makes us makes us different. Rose, I see your hands been up for a little while, so I don't know if you actually had a question or if that was if that was an accident, but if you do, feel free to unmute yourself.

Speaker 5  1:27:24
Hi. So I didn't realize this was an implementation call, sorry, and like, oh, maybe I'll just ask a quick question, see if there's time. Because I didn't drop it in the chat. I just dropped one in right now as we were talking, but so I am kind of doing like a fast launch to kick start me into taking action, and I'm completely detached from the outcome, like, if somebody buys my six week mentorship, great. If not, that's okay too. I feel like anything I do right now will serve people like I had 120 people sign up for my master class on the 19th which was awesome. I had 14 people join Live, which is fine. It was a Saturday morning, and got really good feedback from the people who watched it so far, mostly therapists, physical therapists, and so I'm just wondering if I have, like, have it in me to make two, maybe three emails slash posts this week to be like, Hey, if you want to learn a holistic approach for giving your clients better results on increasing desire. Like, do you have any thoughts on content wise, what those, like, two or three posts would be? And then also, if I'm thinking about this kind of like, prep for my February, March launch, like, what that would look like? And I don't know if this is like in the scope of this class or not, so you tell me, but that's my

Speaker 1  1:29:09
question real quick, because I do think that once we go through some of the messaging stuff, like coming up with content angles, will be a lot easier, and so I'm sure it'll be relevant to other people as well who are in a process of wanting to, you know, talk about their offers. A little bit more, three things real quick that I think will act as prompt these emails. The very first one is helping them gain a deeper understanding of why what they're trying to do with clients right now is not working. So a deeper level of understanding of why they need this more holistic approach, and why they are facing some of the current obstacles with their patients, and how is it impeding on their confidence, on their ability to get client? Results, or maybe sometimes even the time it's taking to help a client get a result. So really, kind of getting deeper into some of the fears, anxieties, pains, again, from an ethical standpoint, we're trying to we're not trying to make them feel worse about their situation, but we're trying to help them understand their situation at a deeper level, and then guiding them to why your offer might be the solution to that. Okay, second email, I would focus on painting the picture of what the transformation can look like once someone implements your mechanism or your offer. So this could either be a case study of yourself or someone that you've worked with. This could also be like an imaginary situation where you get them to visualize, like, imagine you, you know, have client, Susie, sitting in front of you, and when she comes to you with XYZ problem, here's how you respond, knowing, you know with full confidence that this is how you're going to address the issue. So you're getting them to visualize and envision themselves becoming a better practitioner as a result of your program. Third email, I would speak directly to the very needed, the very so the need for what it is that you're doing in their space and why it's going to be like the next big thing and not the next big thing as to like everyone's going to have to adopt this at some point, and it's going to revolutionize the industry, but help them understand how it's going to give them an edge. So speaking more to their primal desires of wanting to be a more effective practitioner, of having more cutting edge tools, and how is that going to either position them differently, help them get to a benefit or a desired result?

Speaker 5  1:31:52
Okay, would you at all like something that was coming to mind while you were talking on today's call was saying something along the lines of, you know you you want to be the person that practices what you preach. You know you want to be the person who takes the lunch break, the person who you know sees morning sunlight, the person who has a regulated nervous system going into your client calls and like, how can you help your clients when you're rushing person to person? Or do you think that's like a different need? It's

Speaker 1  1:32:34
that might be, that might be a piece of the first email, okay, like, I almost feel like that's like a secondary desire of theirs, where they they're not really thinking about it like it's not super top of mind, but then when you bring it up, they're thinking to themselves, like, yeah, you're right. Like, I'm not actually being in integrity with my own teachings. They wouldn't come to you, or they wouldn't buy your program because they want to be in more integrity. They're probably buying it because they want that edge and be a more effective practitioner. But then you can kind of hint and remind them that if they want to see those results in their clients, they need to lead by example and do do it first.

Speaker 5  1:33:14
Okay, awesome. And then the other question I have is, because it's my course is for therapist, doctors, health and wellness providers, like, I have specifics for you know, okay, you're a pelvic floor physical therapist. You continue to stretch your pelvic your client's pelvic floor, they have no pain, and yet they still don't want sex, right? I have that specific example, and then I have, like, therapists, specific example, where it's like, you've done all the Gottman work you've, you know, fixed your clients, attachment and yet desire still isn't there. Like, do I go that specific into individual examples, or does that kind of muddy the water? Should I keep it more general? If it's for everyone,

Speaker 1  1:33:59
for the purpose of what you're doing currently, I would keep it more general. I think as you're building out your messaging ecosystem, you can go deeper into, like, the very specific nuances of how it applies to different people differently, or getting more deeper into some of the like specific results that people can experience. But for the purpose of this, I think especially because it's like people who've, let's say, attended your workshop, or people who've kind of been a little bit more aware of like, oh, this is what she does. You want to make sure that for the purpose of launching this particular offer, you just want to talk to the top of mind problems, the top of mind desires, and getting them to really visualize how their day to day with their patients is going to improve as a result of implementing your way of doing things

Speaker 5  1:34:43
awesome. And then maybe, like, between now and the next launch, I could have a specific post that's like, hey, pelvic floor physical therapist, are you tired of stretching your patient? You know pelvic floor again and again and again, wondering why you know XYZ? So I could get more specific. Mm. Build there, and then, is it okay if I post some of these for feedback on the Facebook group?

Speaker 1  1:35:05
Sure. Yeah, I'm gonna have a thread. I know that you're kind of in a fast launch at the end of this program where I'll be giving feedback on like, one asset from everybody. I'm happy to take a look if you have them in a Google document and you just want, like overarching, like, general feedback. I'm not going to be going deep into like, copy tactics in this program, and so for that reason, I won't be able to give like, super, super detailed, like headlines and bullet points and all of that. But if you want me to just give it a general read through, I'm happy to do that. Awesome. Thank you. All right, guys, let's get back to the questions. So I know a couple of you have your hands up. I'm just going to go through the thread because I want to go through the thread, because I want to make sure that I answer the questions that were pre submitted. And if we have time, we can come back to to some of the hands that were raised here. So Hannah, I think I have you next. And are you on this call? Yes, you are okay. Epic. Hello. So I actually loved the breakdown that you have here between, like, your ownable specialty, the brand amplifiers. I think the one thing that you said you wanted some feedback with was the last brand amplifier. So you said you have an extensive athletic background, and you're known for doing absurd, dangerous feats of strength, which has forced you to cultivate a winning mindset in self belief. So you're in a category of one when it comes to this. This is a really good brand amplifier, especially if you're known for that already. I think the thing that I see being top of mind or more so the thing that I see I would want your content to really focus on, is breaking people out of the paradigm that their physical performance is only based on, like their physical way of showing up. I feel like that. We want to build the case for why mental resilience or why them being in a place of like self belief, and a deep level of self belief is the key to their results. And like you said, they might be coming to you or going to others looking for, like the perfect plan, looking for, you know, tell me exactly what I need to lift, and how much I need to lift, and what I need to do, and what are some of the exercises and all of that. But I don't think that it's top of mind for them that they're missing the self belief point. So with that being said, you're kind of in the demand creation category of needing to help your particular clients understand that their pathway to success is through the mind. It's actually not through the body. And we want to build the case for this on on repeat, basically. So almost every post that is meant to demonstrate authority is far less focused on like the end outcome of what they're trying to accomplish, and far more focused on helping them understand why they're currently hitting certain obstacles or hitting certain plateaus, and why they think they just maybe need to train harder, do better, get a better person and like a coach in their corner. But what they really need to do is address some of the like, the mental blocks that are happening to piggyback off of that. I would also want to further define what your version of self belief actually looks like, and what, what is it exactly about your level of mental fortitude that has allowed you to, you know, take some of these risks, or has allowed you to far surpass other people in your field. So self belief is again one of those very open to interpretation terms that can mean multiple things to multiple different people. I want to make sure that your clients understand specifically what is it about your definition of it, and what does self belief encapsulate when they work with you, so that they understand how it's relevant to their current goals. Does that? Does that land?

Speaker 6  1:38:47
Yes, yes. That's super helpful. I Okay. I was worried I was making it too much about myself with, like, the Feast of strength and stuff, because I sometimes worry about how that lands, but it's, yeah, I don't know. I think I do understand that a lot better, and it's very helpful. So I think I'm going to keep doing that, but just educate them on like, the like, more of the mental aspect versus the body stuff, and that, you know why they don't need to go to a different coach, and why they need to work on their like, their mind, self awareness first. And when I when I use my own expertise here, I would look at it like I've been able, I don't want to, like, brag, but it's like I've been able to do all these things and been really successful and do these pieces of strength, like I've been on TV shows and stuff for it. And so how do I, I guess, my next, like, my real quick question on as a side note is, how do I make that so I don't look like such a I guess, like not an asshole, but, you know, like a bragging or something.

Speaker 1  1:39:47
So I it's funny. I sent someone a 10 Minute voice note yesterday about this exact topic, because he's like, I've accomplished these amazing things in my life, and it has all been because of what I teach my clients. But then how do I position it in? Way that is not like braggy or like I'm boasting about myself. So the response I gave to him, and I think it's going to be helpful for everybody else as well, is that you're not making it about you. You're making those types of posts about the actual thing that had to be implemented to facilitate you getting to those results. So if you've been on television, if you've been able to do these crazy things that are super desirable to others. The intention of the post is not to focus on those desired outcomes. It's to focus on highlighting, hey, I was able to do these things because of this key piece of insight or because of this big, major change I made. So you're using that post to highlight what is possible for them through your own personal story. But the thesis statement of that post is less about you and it's more about the mechanism that you use to facilitate it.

Speaker 6  1:40:48
Okay, that is so helpful. That's exactly what I needed. Thank you. Thanks.

Speaker 1  1:40:52
I know for so many of us, it can come off as boasting sometimes when we have been like the first example of the person who's gone ahead and done these incredible things, and we want to use our personal story, especially as personal brands. But there's a difference between being like a knee centered personal brand and an idea centered personal brand. You're not using your accomplishments to boost your credibility or boost your authority. You're simply using your own personal accomplishments as painting the picture of what is possible for people if they were to implement your core idea. This is why it's so important to be really grounded in like, what your core message is, what your psi is, and what is like the overarching idea that you want to convey to people, because it it's not that you don't want to talk about yourself. You absolutely can celebrate your wins and allow your story to be a catalyst for what people want to accomplish. But it's less about the actual accomplishments and more about these accomplishments were only able to happen because I implemented this mechanism, or because I implemented this one big thing that is really important and that I want you guys to know as well. That's how we take the the ego out of it. So great question. Thank you for asking that. Okie dokie, let's keep going. Allison, I have you up next, so I've read through your description over here, and I would actually love to have a quick little discussion with you over it, because I think there's, there's a couple of things that came to mind, and I just want to make want to make sure that you yourself are feeling clear on, like the core idea that is being conveyed, and then some of like the brand amplifiers that are being conveyed. So are you? You're still on this call, right? I think I saw you earlier. Let me see there's so many people on my screen right now to do, where's Allison? Is she gone? Did she leave here anymore? She's No, she's not here anymore. Okay, okay, so I'm going to give my feedback, and then if she decides to pop back in, or if she wants to follow up, I'll, I'll provide that. So one of Allison's questions were, you know, she used to focus, she was in a niche with, like, women's health and hormones, and she's since kind of focused away from that and started to go towards, like, a different niche. And this was a result of different marketing messages and stuff that she was exposed to. And then now she's wondering if she needs to come back to what she was originally focusing on so what she's mentioned here is the MPP. So like the most pressing problem are mothers that are frustrated going around in circles with the conventional medical approach. They're sick and tired of dealing with their kids and babies, chest infections, earaches, digestive issues, viral infections, in and out of the GP, taking time off of work, kids waking up during the night, blah, blah, blah. So the core problem, even though that those are all like separate problems of their own, the core issue that I'm seeing with Allison's niche is that she's dealing with, or, I should say the niche problem, is that people are sick and tired of relying on the conventional Western medical system to get answers for their current health issues. That's the actual that's the actual niche. Now she can take this even one step further and focus on Mothers in particular. But even that now branches off into two stems. There's mothers who want better solutions for their children and for their reoccurring infections and chest problems and everything that she had listed. But there's also the mother's well being in itself. So what I see here is that Allison's not necessarily focusing on a niche as a person. She's focusing on a niche as a problem, because her solution, and if I read out the experts or expertise and domain is she focuses on aromatherapy, fertility for women's health, and like, self leadership and mindset. Oh, she's also got wealth in there. So notice how she actually has a very broad scope, or, like, a broad view on overarching like, well being. So it becomes incredibly difficult to be able to talk to one particular problem when what she focuses on is in so many different domains. What I would want to prompt her, and this is kind of what I wanted to have a discussion around, was within all the different domains that she feels good, what is the nexus point that people have come to her for, that she has been able to pull and utilize wisdom from all the different elements of what she's good at to facilitate that results. So there's others on this call as well that feel like you have a very wide background and you're unsure how to tie it into one thing, especially when it feels like they're in different domains, very similar to what I shared with Kevin earlier on. Today's call the questions that I prompted with him was to get a deeper understanding of what is it that he feels good in being able to deliver. So my understanding of Allison's problem is, regardless of what people are coming to her with, what she's good at is helping them find alternative solutions to what the medical system is providing, whether it's with their children, whether it's with their hormones, whether it's with fertility and the different elements of the leadership. Stuff that she focuses on is for the woman who wants to be more self led, for the woman who wants to feel like she has more autonomy on her body where she's not just relying on Western doctors to kind of tell her, Here, take this pillar here, give your kid this antibiotic. So the niche, again, is not hey, do I speak to mothers who have hormonal problems or fertility issues, or do I speak to mothers who are fed up with their children not being able to get proper care? It's neither. The the niche that she's speaking to is mothers who are fed up with the medical system. That's what it is, and it doesn't really matter what her solution is, because her solution could be aromatherapy. It could be her own line of supplements. It could be her own line of women's coaching. What she's building awareness to and for is helping people recognize that there are alternative solutions out there that don't have to rely on conventional medicine to be solved. And so she would be building awareness through her content around women who want to be self led, women who want to have more autonomy on their health choices and the choices for their children, and women who are open to learning about these alternative solutions. So hopefully that kind of answers your question again, if she decides to hop back on, or if she has any follow up, I'm happy to give a little bit more context on that. Okay, um, let me see. Why am I not seeing everybody else's comments here?

Speaker 1  1:47:55
Give me a second. My comments are not loading. For some reason. There was a couple more. I know there was a couple more. I know Jess submitted something earlier today. Actually, both of the justices, Jesse and Jess, let's see and see if they're loading now. No, they're still not. Okay. Well, let me turn to you guys. Let me turn to the comments over here. Let me see if Jess is still on the call. Jess Sutton is who I'm talking to. Are you still on the call? Yes, you are. Yes you are. Okay, amazing. And Jesse Marino, you're still on the call as well. Okay, I'm going to go in order. So Jesse, do you mind? Re kind of hashing what your what your question was, if you're still if you're still here, still in the bath, and then

Speaker 7  1:48:44
it's all good, it's all good. Okay, so

Speaker 2  1:48:48
I've got a lot of pieces of the puzzle that I've just been kind of weaving together, and I'm keeping everything really curious in regards to, you know, I'm taking it all in, I'm letting it simmer and seeing what sticks, and all of those pieces, one of the things that's come up, and I did notice that you touched on the different archetypes that you might be speaking to in the Q and A at the end of the Q and A, you were you were touching on that. And my question was really regarding kind of feeling like I'm serving the same values at different levels of awareness with my different offers, I've got things that are a bit more entry level, and I do enjoy being an entry point for some of the work that I do. And then I've got stuff I mean, I've been a teacher's teacher for a very long time. I've been teaching teachers how to lead and how to step into their own capacity as embodiment leaders, as movement leaders, as thought leaders. I've been doing that for 15 years, so it's interesting to me, because I find that I kind of toggle back and forth in the way that I'm communicating, in the way that I'm trying to bring my brand across. Right? And I try to focus on the kind of umbrella values that both of these archetypes are really, you know, different points of awareness that these people are at, yeah. And then what I find is that, you know, I can speak to the circumstantials. Like you've said, I can speak to the circumstantials of where people are at in the very beginning, it's, it's easy to name the pain, but I have struggled with the ethics of focusing on the pain. I know. You know that about me. I've struggled with, like, how much time do I want to spend on these things and and reminding them of the fact that that hurts, because I know it hurts, you know? And and also recognizing that that's what's effective, right? And holding that kind of paradox is, like, that's effective and it doesn't feel great for me, and when it doesn't feel great for me, then I'm in an energetic that makes it very difficult for it to work, you know. So that's, yeah,

Speaker 1  1:50:51
it's not going to work if you're in that spot. So I get it,

Speaker 2  1:50:55
yeah. So I've played with that, and I've also, I find sometimes, you know, I go back and forth between the way that I'm conveying this, like I could up level everything and say, this is only for, you know, the facilitators that are wanting to deepen. And I'm finding that I'm getting so many burnt out facilitators coming into my world. And I enjoy that because I've been there and I get it, and I can speak to that. But I also I remember what it was like when I had no idea where I was going in terms of finding home inside of myself. So I guess my question is in my branding, because I get that there's a messaging question in terms of like, the communication to these two different people that kind of speak a different language, in a way, even though their values are the same, they just haven't quite gotten some of the words that I might use won't make sense to them yet. So I'm open to any insight you have in regards to how that might impact how I present the brand to the everybody, and if I need to, if it is something where I need to say it's really only these people kind of a thing. So yeah.

Speaker 1  1:52:00
Okay, great, yeah. Makes complete sense. Here's I almost have like two answers to this. I feel like there's like a broader overarching answer and then a more nuanced, specific answer. My broad overarching answer is at the end of the day, regardless of where they fall on the awareness scale or which level they're at, what you do with clients remains the same, like the main philosophy of how you approach your work is still the same. Is that correct? Yes,

Speaker 2  1:52:35
the tools I use might vary depending on their entry point, but I think that the my core values of my relationship to self and to the world and the lens on the world, I think, is the same, right?

Speaker 1  1:52:52
So I think what will because I'm also one of those people that has constantly been told to dumb things down, right? So I I get the whole like, just dumb it down, make it easy, make it super simple for entry level people to come in. I think where the more nuance happens is first and foremost, recognizing that the language that you use has far less to do with conveying the pain point and more to do with empathizing with the need. I think that's the subtle difference that needs to happen in your mind before you can go communicate with people. Because I agree with you that the unethicalness of pain point marketing is is something that even if you do out of force, because you feel like that's something that you have to do it's not going to work, because it's coming from a place of like, I have to do this to get the sale. And anytime we're doing that, it's it's not going to be effective. Yeah, the internal shift that I almost want happening here is recognizing the the need that exists within these people. So if they're coming to you burnt out, if they're coming to you disconnected from the self, if they're coming to you feeling like they've almost needed to morph into someone else in order to show up in life in a certain way. I don't want you to talk about like, the deep pain of the burnout, yeah, to highlight the gap or highlight the need of what is it that's going on in their mind? What's the dialog happening in their mind of, if only I could, or if only this was not an issue, because you can start speaking to the thing that there is still top of mind and relevant to them without needing to, like, poke your fingers into the pain points and make them feel worse about the situation. That's one thing I want to mention. The second thing I want to mention is what you do with people, although you deploy different tools, the philosophy and your approach still remains the same. And so it's the same as like, let's say I've got this mini program, and then I have a more advanced messaging and marketing program, even though that what I teach you guys inside. This program versus that program is different. So I'm using different tools. My philosophy and ideology on brand building and ethical marketing still stays the same. And so I'm not attracting people based on like, what need they want to solve. I'm attracting people based on the values, the philosophy and the leadership perspectives that they resonate. Yeah? So kind of like my broader answer here is, when you are attracting people into your world, it's far less about speaking to the particular archetypes, and it's far more about being able to get people who are on board with your values and your philosophy.

Speaker 2  1:55:37
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. I think whenever I'm asked to focus on the problem, there just are so many, and they and they do vary depending on where a person's at in the journey. So it's like, that would be a book, right? Like, I could write a book about all of the problems and all of this, like, that feels like there's a lot there. And I've, I've found that when I zoom out and I'm like, what are the what are my core values, and why I'm doing this in the first place, and I'm holding that, then when I write from there, there's a magnetism to that, and it does seem to have more potency, so that that's validating to say, look like it is the same value, whether or not they have all the language we're holding those principles, and that's what's going to and then they can come in and kind of look through the catalog in terms of where they're at and where what's going to meet them

Speaker 1  1:56:24
right exactly now. The second part of my response is, once you have that covered, meaning are attracting the people that are are resonating with how you think and how you approach things, this is where it becomes incredibly important to build the different archetypes of who you actually want to serve in the different capacities before you go out and try to market to them, right? Because in your mind, you might have an idea of like, this is an entry level person versus this is a more advanced person. But until you get clear on what are the needs and the specific desired outcomes of each of those archetypes, it becomes hard to know how to speak to it in your content, because you can have a diversification in your marketing where sometimes you're speaking to this person, sometimes you're speaking to this person, and that's fine. And a lot of people say that that's going to confuse people. I don't think it does. I think people listen to it or read it and they say that resonates. What do you have that can help solve that. So I don't think it's going to confuse people, but I also think that it requires a deepening of your criteria of who are the types of people who are best fit for this versus best fit for that, and then infusing some of that language into your into your work, similar to how, like, I made a post yesterday about how like, my work is not for everyone, like, if you need accountability and to be handheld and to be fed the answers and to be given like a Bravo and a good job every step of the way, I'm probably not the mentor for you, and that could come off harsh to some, but it also is attractive to others. So by infusing But do you notice that I'm not talking about the problem that I solve, right? I'm talking about my approach, and I'm talking about like who my work is best fitted for, that also attracts a whole league of clientele that really resonate with my way of doing things without me, a, promising any outcomes, or B, getting deep into pain points again, but again, the more I deepen into the criteria of who I'm for and who my work is suited for, the more boldly I can make claims like that without worrying that I'm going to turn people

Speaker 2  1:58:23
off. Okay, that's helpful. I think I know, and I can identify where I've allowed things based on the finance and survival of like, okay, well, like, we need to run this business and people need to come in order for me to run this business. And I've known that I was overstepping my own like, I'm aware of it, right? So I was like, I can see myself doing this and and I've also been on the other side of it, where I've been really cut throat, and I've struggled as a result. So I have that memory of, like, being so cutthroat that it was so discerning and almost off putting to, like, everyone who I had in my audience at the time, that I that I actually almost felt like I had to do some repair work on the other side because of how sharp my boundaries got there for a second. So it's it that, having had all of these years of doing this, I've had like, these different eras where I was, like, really, really sharp, and then it was too loose, and then I was really, you know, so kind of like, experienced all of these different areas. But I like the idea of criteria and letting them really assess whether it's the quizzy type of a thing or something like that, that allows for people to figure out kind of where they fall in terms of whether or not I'm the right person for them. That makes sense

Speaker 1  1:59:35
and for everybody else as well. I think one of the key things that will really help you do that is really defining the scope of the problem being solved in each of your offers. Many of you here have many offers. Some of you are just crafting your first offer, and then others have just one signature offer, and that's what they offer. I think what becomes incredibly important when you're crafting and you're building the criteria is to actually think about the promise. You feel good about making in each one and getting on what the before and after is of each of your offerings. Because when you get convicted in this is the transformation that I'm putting together. It's far more, I don't wanna say easy, but kind of it's easier to be able to stand firm with who it's for and who it's not for. And instead of having the pendulum swing between like, super cut throat and super loosey goosey and like anyone can benefit from this, it's like having that middle ground of this is who I know my work is for. This is what they need to be able to do, and this is what is required of them. This is what I feel comfortable in being able to promise. And you know, coming into my program, this is what you can experience. You can experience. And at the same time, here's who it's not for. Here's the criteria of of people who I know might not be a good fit for this, even if they have the problem that I solve, I love it. I love it.

Speaker 2  2:00:57
Yeah, that's really, really helpful. Definitely, there's, I've got lots of curious questions, but I'll let you give time to everybody. So thank you

Speaker 1  2:01:04
all good. No problem. And keep in mind you can always post things in the group, and I'll kind of sweep through and answer there as well. Jess is saying mine was more of a brain dump than a specific questions, and you have answered a lot of my further questions already. So main thing I feel like my different clients would resonate with different messaging. Feeling like, yeah, so a bigger brand would resonate with something different than to a solopreneur. Yeah. So very similar to what I just shared with Jesse right now, I feel like when we're speaking to multiple different audiences, it can become overwhelming to know, like, who's going to resonate with what? If we're thinking too much about like the external like, who is going to resonate? Rather than asking ourselves, what is it that I do that is similar across the board, that everybody in my audience, or everybody that I would want to attract in my audience would resonate with because even if you have like more beginner offers versus more advanced offers, or like smaller brands or solo printers versus like big brands. At the core of it, what you do still stays the same, very similar to how right now I'm working with a couple of large corporations, and I'm working with you guys. Right the core of what I do with each of you is still the same. It's getting clear on your brand identity, learning to communicate with conviction, crafting a personal brand that stands out, being able to convey and articulate the value of your offers, like all of that, still stays the same. It's just delivered in different capacities, so your message does not shift based on who you're speaking to. It's just being able to make the situations relevant to those people. So if I'm speaking to the solopreneur, I'm talking about how the importance of having a solid brand identity, or the importance of having a good messaging strategy, is going to help them in their day to day, to attracting clients. And when I'm speaking to the corporation, I'm going to be talking about how why having a solid brand identity is going to be a crucial piece to their company culture, and it's going to be a crucial piece to making sure that all employees are on the same page when they're going out and executing marketing tasks. So what I do still stays the same. How it shows up for them looks different. That's that's the one thing I want you guys to remember when you're speaking to multiple different audiences, because what you do is not going to change, it's just how the outcome is going to play out or was going to manifest based on who the different types of people are. Alright, I know we're a little bit over time. Jamie, I'm going to come back to you because I saw your hand was up for a little while. So yeah, go for it. If you have a question that I haven't answered yet.

Speaker 8  2:03:39
Hi parmese, hi everybody. Thank you so much for having me. My question is more Okay, so now that we know what our our brand identity is, and all of the homework moving forward the we should focus now on brand awareness, right? So creating the pre brand, showing what we are going through, the transformation, and then when will be like a good moment to have an offer out there seeing like, for example, I was out for two years, so I didn't post or anything. I deleted all my social medias, and I changed niche. I will not pretend niche. It was more business to customer, and now it's like business to business. So I have to begin building that trust, likable and share my expertise. So should I focus on creating the brand awareness and the pre branding phase now?

Speaker 1  2:04:48
Mm, hmm. Okay, so it depends. And the reason why I say it depends is because based on where you're at in your journey, it completely depends you. You can have an offer at any point where you start talking specifically about your offer depends on where you're at in your awareness journey. So a big mistake I see people making is after they've been absent from marketing for a long time, they pop up out of nowhere and start all of a sudden promoting their offers without having built that connection, that rapport, cultivating trust, building the relationships with their audience. And so what we want to make sure that we do is we're building awareness around what is the problem that we solve, what is the gap we fulfill, what is our unique way of approaching it, what our perspectives are. There is no science on like, When can you now finally drop an offer on people, meaning you can do this for maybe two to three weeks, and then show up and say, Hey, by the way, I have an offer. Doesn't mean that the offer is going to be successful or that it's going to fly off the shelves. Generally speaking, I like to give any sort of awareness campaign anywhere between 30 to 60 days to warm an audience up to how you think, what you solve, who you're for, like, all the different angles about your unique solution. And then, instead of coming out and being like, by the way, I have a one on one coaching container that you can benefit from, I want you to focus a lot more on the mechanism that you deploy with your audience or with your clients, rather than the actual vehicle, which is the offer itself. What I mean by mechanism, and I cover this in the training that you guys are going to get later this week. What I mean by the mechanism is, like, what is the actual thing that they will experience while working with you? Like, is it EFT? Is it a specific coaching modality? Is it do you have, like, a five step process, like, what is it that they're going to have access to that will help facilitate the transformation from before and after. It's more important to get people sold on the mechanism than it is on the offer, because the offer is just simply the container that holds the transformation. You guys came into this thinking this is going to be a quick five week thing. Now it's ending up being a lot longer. So I'm not really selling the container. I'm selling what is going to happen inside the container, which is you having clarity and conviction on your brand foundation. So if you build your awareness up for, let's say, 30 to 60 days, I want you to then kind of shift your gears for maybe another 30 days or so, talking about the importance of what you do inside your offers that people need to deeply understand, and people need to be sold on. So you're building demand for the mechanism, not for the offer itself. And again, it's not to say that you can't make any offers during this period of time. It's just, I know from experience that people are generally not going to be very open to buying an offer unless they've built intimacy with you. So you can talk about, you know, you can you can subtly hint towards, you know, hey, when I work with clients, or some of the things I've seen come up with clients, and that implies that you do this work with clients without overtly selling to them. And then, as you've built that, that brand awareness, as you've built the the desirability for what it is that you do, you can start being a bit more vocal about, like, the actual offer itself.

Unknown Speaker  2:08:02
Okay, thank you so much.

Speaker 1  2:08:03
No problem. Take a quick look at the chat here. Oh, my God, there's so much I don't know if I'll be able to catch up on all face saying so I really aligned with the idea that you can focus on a certain element of something I'm good at, for example, element of copywriting. And as you continue to grow, would you suggest that I look at my brand identity for identity from this lens of the specific offer as as opposed to all over the Yeah, so what I would want to focus on, if I was in a in, like a pre branding phase, is I would focus a lot less on, like, the specificity of what you do and what the outcome is, and just focus on the one critical element that people will come to you for. So if you know that you're really good at copywriting, and it's like, it's it's the thing that you're focusing on right now, although you know it might expand into other things in the brand later on, those things are still very fuzzy. You still haven't really clarified it. You still haven't really solidified it in your brand identity. So don't focus so much about the other things and focus more on why would someone choose you as a copywriter? What is it about your method of writing copy, or what is it about your philosophy or ideology around copywriting that makes you super good? You can also talk about the benefits of having a copywriter on your team or having a copywriter in your business. What's What's so special about having a copywriter that is going to help facilitate a transformation that they maybe previously didn't know that they needed. And as you are in dialog with your audience, and as you yourself are creating more about copywriting and about your skill set within the copywriting space, what will end up happening is that you will naturally realize that there's patterns of what people come to you for or different elements within the marketing space that you feel passionate about, that you want to talk about. So that's how your brand kind of expands and evolves into different domains without growing too fast or feeling you need to make like these, these big promises, and instead focus your identity as like you as the copywriter right now, that's what I did in the beginning of my. Brand. I knew I was going to be up to big things. I just didn't know what those big things are going to look like. But what I knew I was good at was copywriting and how that particular skill set was going to be relevant to people, and the way that I was delivering it was a writing copy for others and B, copy coaching within other people's containers. So I was using my brain in both deploying my actual copywriting skill and teaching other people copywriting, until I started developing more knowledge and expertise around brand identity building and personal brand building and content creation and sales. But that kind of like grew as time went on. Alright, Ana's saying interesting. I hear coaches talk all the time about focusing on the results of an offer versus the mechanism. So what I'm what I'm saying around the mechanism here is not to get super nitty gritty about, like the actual thing that you do, and what we talked about at the beginning of this call, where I said you don't want to be selling your expertise. You want, you want to be selling you know what the expertise is going to do for people. What I mean here is that if you focus too much on the promise, and you focus too much on what the end outcome of working with you is going to look like. You're only competing, or you're positioning yourself as with everybody else that can also make the same promises and outcomes. What's going to be different about what it is that you do is the way that you approach it, much like how when I was going through this with Kevin, I said, him and I can be offering the same thing him and I can technically promise the same outcomes and the same results. But my way of doing it and his way of doing it are very different, and they serve very different needs. And so what we want to make sure that we do in the awareness building stage is, yes, you're speaking to the problems you're speaking to, you you know the transformation that people will will experience after working with you, but after quite some time of doing this, what we want to make sure we do is that we're building evidence for our way of doing it. So what is it about our way of getting people to that outcome that is better than other ways that they've been exposed to? That's what I mean by building evidence for the mechanism. Brisha is saying, I'm learning so much my brain is an overdrive. Sent you a message. Thanks. Awesome, amazing. Alright, guys, Sasha saying I have a quick question. Follow up on. Jamie says My question was the same. Okay, yeah, sure. Did you want to go ahead and unmute yourself?

Speaker 7  2:12:20
Oh, so I feel like everyone's been watching me, like we might clean my flat and do work at the same time. I know, like, here's here's, like, my question is kind of along with Gus is at the very beginning, or, like, not selling anything at the moment, but wanting to build the repetition and just the awareness of, like, mental fitness in different areas of life around, like entrepreneurship, around corporate around, just like high performance, I can obviously turn, like, last kind of beginning of the year around, like the six pack mind. And I started, like, putting on my LinkedIn, I become a LinkedIn Maddie, I've been getting a lot of comments, of people to be like, This is so interesting, and rather nervous system regulation. Can you talk more about that? And I'm wondering around, like, the different pillars and how to kind of position it, to really get people like, Ooh, I want to learn more. And then eventually release something in the future, but that'll be like a later, like next year sort of thing. But really become known as that on like LinkedIn has kind of been my platform.

Speaker 1  2:13:30
Okay, so the concept, the branded concept that you've created, is the six pack mind, yeah. Okay, so I'm going to cover this a little bit in the training you guys that you guys get, but here's what I'll say in regards to this concept in particular. This is a concept that, obviously it illustrates an image in people's head. So they have a bit of an idea of what having a six pack mind might look like. They might attribute it to being like, mentally stronger, having more resilience, having more grit, like that's some of the preconceived notions that they might have around what a six pack mindset might look like. What I would want you to do is to illustrate and define what does a six pack mind mean to you, and what are some of the current challenges and obstacles that come up in your particular client category in their lives that having a six pack mind would resolve. Like, what does it encapsulate? What does it mean to actually have one what are some of the different facets of having a six pack mind? Very similar to how I helped a client develop the whole Dangerous Woman concept. It was like, what are the seven pillars of having a dangerous or sorry, what is the Seven Pillars of being a dangerous woman? It was like a woman who takes care of her health, boundaries, communication, relationship, like she had seven pillars. So I want you to almost come up with maybe six like you can have like one for each six pack. Yeah, maybe you can have like six components of like, what makes a six? Pack mind. And then what you want to do is illustrate, what does it look like when someone doesn't have a six pack mind, how would they show up in their life, their business, their relationships in relation to their goals? Like, how would they show up then versus how would they show up if they actually had the six pack mind? What would be different for them? What would be what would be easier for them, what would no longer be an issue? And the more you can position your content into speaking to the different levels of issues that they're facing, and why having the six pack mind is going to help alleviate or resolve those issues. That's how you start building the brand association and the connection and the relevance of why your work is going to be relevant to people, so that one day in the future when you, let's say, have a, I don't know, 12 week six pack mind boot camp. People are now a lot more receptive to wanting to purchase it, because they've gotten this well rounded idea of what your concept actually stands for. Yeah,

Speaker 7  2:15:52
because May I really want to do with bringing the science behind it and, like, all the neuro and the actual like neurobiology behind it, and not be, like, been really annoyed with like people using like mental fitness and having no background in it. And so one What are some ways to make the science sexy and kind of talk about it in a way that really is like, like, for example, like Andrew Huberman podcast around like alcohol really changed my perception to alcohol, because, like, that's what's doing my brain when I drink. Ooh, I'm not going to do that. And same thing with Joe has done the meditation, and like, knowing the areas of the brain really helped me then not want to miss my practice.

Speaker 1  2:16:35
But yeah, the way to make the science sexy is to make it relatable. So if, if Andrew Huberman were to get on a podcast and just purely spew biology and just talk about like that, like basal ganglia, and talk about the things that like completely go over people's heads, it would not be it would not be relevant, and it would not be sexy. He makes it sexy because he talks about Top of Mind desires. So for example, when he talks about productivity, productivity is not something that he there's science behind, but he relates it to the dopamine stuff, right? He relates it to the dopamine addiction and how to regulate your dopamine cycles. And he gets really deep into the science, but he makes it relevant to something that is top of mind for his audience, which is productivity. So the way to make science sexy is to tie it to a current situation or scenario that people are looking for a solution to.

Speaker 7  2:17:37
Okay, because I wanted to use, like meditation, breath work, tapping, like all of those modalities as a part of talking around, like, things that have helped me, I guess, in that journey, and then also, then talk about the why behind it, not just, like, easy tapping is great. Like, here's what it actually does. Meditation is great. Here's myths, misconceptions and all that. Okay,

Speaker 1  2:17:57
yeah. Do you guys remember the the example I gave around the sauna article where I was like, there was a I

Unknown Speaker  2:18:04
was in the sauna listening to as you were saying that.

Speaker 1  2:18:08
So the example there was the article said five benefits of being in the sauna, or whatever it was. And again, there was nothing wrong with that title of the five benefits of being in sauna, but unless someone actually knows the benefits, or is actively looking for saunas. That doesn't really convey anything that's top of mind. So the alternative headline I gave it was how to burn, you know, 500 calories in 20 minutes without exercise or something like that. Notice how that is now a top of mind desire. Will that will make someone go, Ooh, I want to now learn what she's, you know, what she's recommending that doesn't require exercise and that burns 500 calories. So the reason why I'm sharing that is because people are not actively looking for, let's say, breath work and how it's going to benefit them. What they're actively looking for is what the breath work is going to facilitate that they find desirable.

Speaker 7  2:18:57
It's almost like taking all the different, I guess, for all of us, we can do, like, take all the different, like, modalities, and then write, almost, like, write out all the different things that all of those can then be content pieces or whatever. So it's basically, I think I've always been, like, dug myself in a hole of them, because each one has so many different things that that goes under it, and then they're like, which one do I pick? Yeah, but in reality, it's like, it's talking to all of us at different times and in different ways,

Speaker 1  2:19:25
exactly, yeah, in the messaging module. And I'm actually going to have a worksheet for you guys that that helps you do this. It's like, breaking down all the different modalities that you use. Like, what are the different tools? What are the different teachings? What are the different processes? And then my my process that I use to extract content ideas from each one. Because, yeah, like you said, it becomes immensely difficult to feel like, okay, well, I need to just talk about this one. You want to talk about all of them. And each one of the modalities that you use to actually facilitate transformation with your clients has a plethora of content ideas that you can drive from it. Because you can ask yourself. Self, if someone were to incorporate breath work into their day to day routine, what can improve for them? And right off the bat, you probably have a whole bunch of ideas of, you know, what could improve? Each one of those things that can improve in their day to day could be a separate content piece of its own. So you can start the content piece by saying, like, Hey, you want to go into your zoom meetings without feeling nervous. Here's why it happens, and here's why facilitating breath work before getting onto zoom can actually help you start your zoom call in a much more balanced, regulated place.

Speaker 7  2:20:30
Okay, you're slowly building it. Yeah, okay, it makes a lot of sense. I'm going to take that away and do that this week and then post a little like, I guess, like my concept and like the different things we want to

Unknown Speaker  2:20:45
talk about. Thank you.

Speaker 1  2:20:47
No problem. All right, I know we went over time, but I wanted to make sure that people's questions were answered. There's a couple of other questions that I know were posted that I will circle back to and make sure I either answer them in the group or I'll just record a separate recording like this, but just me talking at the camera to answer those questions. And again, if anything comes up as a result of anything we discussed after today's call, feel free to drop them into the group. You should be receiving a recording by, I would say, by the end of this week, by the time it's, like, edited and uploaded and it's, it's, it's going to be all about like, actually methoding, methoding, framing your method and your framework and your process. So you guys will have a bit of a clear idea of how my brain works when I'm helping a client craft, like what their signature or unique method is. It's a little bit different than what's out there and what coaches kind of help you guys do by crafting like acronyms and whatnot. It's a little more complex, but I hope this was valuable, and we'll have a couple of other implementation sessions before the end of this program as well, so that you guys feel like you're actually putting the content to use and not just being fire hosed with it. So awesome. All right, be on the lookout for the recording for this and also for the new training. And on that note, I will see you guys next week. Take care. Bye.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai