Speaker 1  00:04
There we go. Hello, you guys, welcome. Wow, this is a really small group, as people start to trickle in, welcome, welcome. I can't believe this is already our, technically, our last kind of, like teaching style call. We already made it. That's I feel like we just started this, this group, like, two weeks ago. I was just reviewing some of the notes as to things that we covered and whatnot, and I'm like, wow, we've gone through a lot. We've gone through a lot of things together. Anyways, welcome, welcome. I'm gonna let you guys slowly trickle in. There's some people who said they're going to be a little bit late today. It's totally fine. As you guys know, this is recorded, so yeah, as I was saying, this is going to be our last kind of, like teaching style call. There isn't much new material I want to give you guys because I feel that there's already been so much that you guys have had exposure to. I want to use this call as a bit of a wrap up to summarize some of the main points of what I want you guys to take away from the entire neuro brand agenda, and what are the things that are kind of the core, Keystone pillars of making sure that you're clear on the brand essence, you're clear on the problem that you solve. You're clear on the positioning, where the demand is in your market, what the framework is that you're using? And of course, as you guys know, and as I've mentioned several times on these calls, this course and this program was designed in a way to give you the necessary elements that you need to build a brand. And I don't expect each and every one of you to walk away with absolute certainty and clarity on all of the elements that we've talked about, but it is rather for you guys to understand that these are the necessary pieces that you must have in place so that your brand actually creates that, that movement that we want to create. And so there's obviously a lot to digest. There's a lot to consume. And again, I don't expect you guys to have gone through everything and taken all notes and, you know, implemented everything right away, but there are a couple of elements that I think would be important for you guys to focus on, if you're in that space of, where do I go from here? How do I now implement everything that we've you know, we've learned what? What what are the things that are most relevant for me to focus on? So we're going to really ground you guys into that today. I'm obviously going to open up a space for discussion as well, for those of you who are live so that you guys can ask any final questions that you can, you know, pick my brain on what is going on for you. Branding wise, messaging wise. Obviously, many of you submitted things for me to review earlier this week, which I did, and I want to kind of touch on some of the messaging elements that came up as well. And we can kind of talk about where, where you guys can go from here, what are the necessary, or what are the next steps that can actually help you get to that next level, that can help you really solidify that brand and create that momentum, or or keep, keep the momentum going from what you've developed from this program, Jessica is saying, is this the last call of the program? Yes, so it is the last call that is scheduled. I mentioned last week that I'm going to be hosting office hours in December, because I do recognize that there's been a lot that's been covered, and I do recognize it's a lot of things for you guys to marinate on, and sometimes questions don't come up as quickly as we would like them to. It almost feels like we need to consume the material, do some of the homework, and then just let it sit for a little bit until we can actually come up with the problem of, oh, I don't actually know how to implement this. So with that being said, I've decided I'm going to host an office hours session, and I decided on the time too. If you guys want to write this down, obviously you'll be emailed, but it's going to be on December 17, at 11am Eastern, so it's a little bit earlier. So for those of you in in different time zones, or for those of you who are in, you know, wherever in the world you are, I feel like it might give you a little bit more of an opportunity to join live. If you haven't had a chance to join live yet, and this call, you're going to have to register for it. It's not going to be a link. So the reason for that is because, obviously, if it's a discussion or if there's questions that are being submitted. I want to make sure that I'm allocating the appropriate amount of time. So it is going to be open for, I'm going to say, two hours at this point. If there's more questions that are submitted, then I think I could fit within that two hour time period. I'll either extend the call or open up a secondary office hour session. It is first come first serve. So you guys will be emailed a link. I'm going to get my team to email you guys a link where you can register for the call and receive the link to the actual to the to the zoom session, and then whoever registers first. That's kind of like the order that we'll be answering questions, even if you don't have a question right now, but you feel that you're in the midst of digesting some of the stuff. Been working on some of this stuff. It might be a good way for you guys to, like, register and reserve your spot, and then come back to that called when you actually feel like you have something to work on, and it's anything that is related to anything we've covered in this program, if you've, let's, let's say you go back to call three, where we talk about, like, cultivating need or demand and something like that. And then you're like, oh, you know what? I actually realized that what I initially came into this program with thinking that I'm solving is not actually what I'm solving. And I'd like to brainstorm through that. We can cover that. If there's messaging elements that you guys have experimented with after going through the messaging module, and you realize that you're maybe not so clear on your messaging. We can. We can workshop some of that. If you put together an offer or a framework and you're just feeling like it's not clicking, or you want to get an extra set of eyes on it to make sure that it makes sense, we can. We can also do that as well a couple more announcements. So if you guys have had a chance to watch the training I did with Haley, you know that she mentioned that you guys will be getting a 50% off discount to her app. So I have gone ahead and I've added the link to her sales page along with the coupon, which is just my name, if you use my name, you get 50% off to the recording in the session. I'm also going to get my my team to email you guys that link as well. I know a couple of you were like, how do we get in touch with her? How do we work with her? So that's posted right now in the group under like in the comment section of the recording, and you'll be emailed that as well. Second thing to piggyback off of that as well. A number of you have asked me if there's any opportunities that we can work together, one on one, and really, kind of get my eyes and your brain, or my brain, on your brand and on exactly how to implement some of the stuff that you've been learning to your particular business. Because I recognize everything we've gone through is very broad, and it's, it's, it was designed in a way that it would benefit and everyone at every level of business. But I totally think that there's value in kind of doing a deep dive into how to apply this to your business in particular. So I've put together a bit of like, an exclusive way that we can do that. It's obviously limited, because if I had to do 63 one on one sessions, I would die.

Speaker 1  07:11
It's limited to those of you who just want to go deep, dive into one topic, or come to me with a set of questions. I'm going to post details about it in the group later, but basically, between January and April, I've opened up a select number of days where you get to have a 50 minute deep dive with me. You can bring team members on. You can It could just be yourself. You can come with completed homework, and we can review that together. You can have a series of posts that maybe you've put together, and we can workshop through them live. Or if you've put together, let's say, a model or the brand essence worksheet, and you want a second pair of eyes on that, we can definitely do that together. So like I said, I'll post details for that in the group, but it is limited, just because I obviously want to make sure that I'm being mindful of my capacity as well. So if you do feel that doing a one time deep dive is going to be helpful to you, it'll be a 50 minute session, and you'll also get three days of email support afterwards. So let's say we uncover something on the call, and I actually tell you to go make some changes or implement something new, and you're like, Okay, I would like to get your feedback on this. I'm also going to give you guys three days of access. After the call, so that you can email me whatever changes you make, and I can give you my feedback on that as well. So I'll post the details to that in the group afterwards. And then, very lastly, as I mentioned, even on last week's call as well, a number of you also asked about neuro message. And again, this isn't meant to be a sales pitch of any sort, but just because there's a lot of questions that that came in about it, neuro message is essentially it's a 12 month mentorship program for people who have established what their brand is, and now want to understand how to take it to the next level when it comes to their positioning, their messaging, and more particularly, how to create inbound demand. The entire premise behind neuro message is how to clearly articulate and convey the value of what you do through content and through your communication so that it naturally attracts people to you. If you guys have been following me for a while on social media, you know that I don't do long form sales pitches. I don't do launches, I don't do join this webinar. I'm going to upsell you into something else, and so I'm teaching essentially my method of content creation and presence building so that you guys understand how to actually utilize your social presence, even if it's not on social media. I have a number of people in there who obviously don't use social media either, but how to leverage the power of presence building and communication to actually articulate what you do and get people in there clearly with the amount of information that you guys have been exposed to in this program. It goes way beyond the scope of me getting into the detailed nuances of communication just within here the scope of this program really was focused on you guys getting grounded in, what do you stand for? What do you want to be in? Own for how to actually package what it is that you do, how to figure out what are the steps that you drive your clients towards. And this was the like, the preliminary work that needed to happen before we can get into the more advanced messaging, marketing, sales tactic type of stuff. So if that is something that you're interested in, going way deeper into, we can also talk about that, I would actually recommend send me a message after this call there, like I said, also, the the program is not for everybody. It it's not that. Again, I'm not trying to make it like scarcity bound, but it really is for the person who really is clear on what they do and they just want help understanding how to actually now distribute it. So if you're still feeling a little bit wobbly on you know what the brand actually is and what it stands for and who you want to serve and what the demand is, I would actually recommend re watching the trainings here, doing the homework and really making sure this is grounded before considering coming into a messaging program. Because, as I always say, if we don't have clarity on what our brand identity is and what we stand for, it becomes really difficult to know how to now communicate it. So I don't want to overwhelm you guys with a whole bunch of new messaging strategies. If this like what we've covered here is not is not solid yet. So that's basically it. So just to recap, I'm going to be emailing you guys details of Haley's program with the with the coupon code and all of that, so you guys can get the discount. For those of you who want to have a one on one deep dive session with me, I've opened up a number of slots so between January and April, which also gives you guys the chance to, like, go back, re watch some of the trainings, do some of the work, and then come prepared. We can do a one time 50 minute deep dive, along with three days of email support, so that you feel like you actually have my eyes on your business in particular. And for those of you who are actually ready for the next level and are like, nope, now I need to just ramp up my content and get more people into my into my world, neuro message would probably be the, the best option for you. Okay, so let's get into what we're going to be covering today. As I mentioned, this is, this is kind of like our last teaching style call. But I'm really just going to be going over the main principles of what I want you guys to take away from this program. But before I do that, I would like to check in with you guys and just to do a quick little round table of sharing what were the most. I don't want to say life changing, because that's a bit dramatic. But what were the things that you guys took away that were the most applicable to your brands? What were the things that got you to think a little bit differently, or perhaps shed a light on the blind spots of why you might not have been getting the traction that you had before. I'll give you guys a minute to think about it, and you can either unmute yourself if you want to speak, or you can drop it in the chat. And I'll, I'll review. I'm curious to know, what were the, what were the elements that really kind of made you go, Oh, I see how I need to connect the dots. Or, Oh, I see how I was missing that.

Unknown Speaker  12:58
I'll go.

Speaker 2  13:00
Or, I think for me, like for me personally, it was definitely the Don't be fluffy with your messaging, and getting really, think you said, not direct, but specific, getting really specific with your messaging, because I definitely use a lot of fluff, and it made so much sense to me, and was such a big light bulb moment when you had said, you know, explain it. Explain it more on their level, like what they're feeling. Because I definitely was using a lot of fluff message messaging, for sure. And so this has been such an eye opener, especially having your you look at my, my piece of work yesterday as well. So as there's the whole thing, I was like, Oh my gosh, this is what I've been missing. So that was a big thing for me. So thank you so much.

Speaker 1  13:41
Of course, yeah, and I think that's probably one of the biggest takeaways from all like brand positioning, you know, online positioning things is people realizing that they've been speaking to their audience this entire time from their point of view and from their perspective, and even though you can have all the conviction in the world and knowing that you're actually really good at what you do, but if you can't articulate it in a way that gets through the brains of your ideal people, it won't matter. There's always going to be like a mismatch between what you're saying and what they are comprehending. I use the analogy of like, if you're in a relationship and you know your your partner's love language is physical touch, and all you're doing for them is acts of service. You might be feeling like I'm giving you all this love, but if they themselves are not actually receiving the love, or if they're not understanding that you are trying to give them love, it's very difficult for you guys to get on the same page. So it very much is is the same thing when it comes to fluffy messaging, we really want to make sure that the way that we're communicating is actually getting through the heads of the people that we want to serve. So that was that was really good. Thanks for sharing. Anyone else, anything else that has come up that you felt was like a light bulb. Moment, aha moment.

Speaker 3  14:51
Marsha, yeah, so I did some marketing with other people, with other coaches, and they never, ever ever talked. Talked about clarity, conviction and confidence. Never it was always, build the funnel, do the marketing. Post so many times a day. And I never, ever had this deep rooted conviction. Never, ever. So I've always, and I realized listening to you like I was so triggered, I just thought, like, what the heck am I doing here? But anyways, I went through the discomfort and realized the big piece for me now is building the conviction. And before I can do that, I've been working on that tea brand graph. You know, I'm spending a lot of time on that. I just, you know, what are the what are the domains and what are the skills that I can extrapolate from that? Because you said you have to, what did you say? Remember, you were talking about how you would always win at debating. I'm not anywhere near there, not that I would win at a debate, but if I put something out, am I going to be so grounded and confident that I will be able to take on anybody if they disagree No, near theirs? I have sort of shied away from posting because of that, but I don't, but I shouldn't be shying away from posting, because posting little breadcrumbs builds up the clarity and the confidence. So I feel like I'm sort of in a catch 22 Do you know what I mean? Because I don't have the debating. Saw a fair, if you will.

Speaker 1  16:36
Mm, hmm, so I think you almost answered of an argument. Oh, sorry. Pause for a second. Sorry. You can finish your thought. My bad. I think you feel,

Speaker 3  16:48
I think I'm, I'm, I think I'm finished so I don't have that deep, rooted, I know it all, sort of attitude that I can take on anybody who comes up and opposes what I've posted. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  17:02
And again, I think the the key to developing that conviction is engaging with the message. And engaging with the message simply means building the evidence, building the muscle that you can you can stand up for your point of view, and the more you follow the little intuitive nudges of like, this is an idea I want to share. This is something that I feel like needs to be said, putting it out there, and finding different ways of being able to hold your ground. Because, again, your message is not something that you just want to be, that you just want to put out for the sake of putting out. It's because it's reinforcing a core idea that you stand for. I was thinking about this, and I was, I was coaching someone on this yesterday, and I say that, you know, many people in our space say that they want to start a movement, and it's almost become like a buzzword where it's like, we're helping you build movement style brands or movement based brands. And many people who say that they're starting a movement aren't actually deeply convicted in the very movement that they want to start, not because they're lacking the skill set, but because they themselves haven't yet developed the the clarity in what is the idea that they want to convey. So they might go out and put very bold, polarizing content out there, but they're doing it for the sake of just being polarizing or, you know, stirring the pot or putting things out there, because that's what they think. They haven't yet done the deep work of understanding what the movement is. And if we all think about the word movement, movement is literally like you're moving through something. To me, a movement is moving from an old paradigm, an old way of thinking to a new way of thinking, a new way of doing things. So for each of you in the fields that you're in, I want you guys to think about like, what is the before and after? What are you moving people away from, and what are you moving people to? And the reason why I think this is, you know, relevant for you, Marsha, is because the conviction that you're saying that you're lacking, starts to develop when you get clear on what that movement is. You get clear on what is it that you're moving people away from? What is the core ideology, the paradigm, the belief set that your people have ascribed to, and what is it that you want to instill in them, and then your job becomes to consistently reinforce this before and after through micro messages, through various ideas that you share, through your perspectives, through your teachings. And all that you're doing with your messaging is not just to be polarizing and to start a pot, but it's to reinforce this before and after that you want to convey. And the more consistently you do that, the more consistently you get convicted. Obviously, the skill of debating is something that each of us can, can work on, and each of us can can, you know, develop, and it's like a muscle. It comes and it gets developed, the more we feel like we. We come up with different angles to defend our stance, and we can develop the communication skills to understand like the logical fallacies of how to get ideas through people's heads. But at the end of the day, it needs to come back to us simply having clarity. Oftentimes, the lack of conviction is just a lack of clarity. What is it that I actually want to be known for. What is it that I want people to associate me with? And the more clarity you get with that, the conviction starts to naturally brew, the more you start communicating what that thing is that you want to become known for.

Speaker 3  20:33
Yeah. So that's yeah. So I don't have the clarity. That's the big piece. I don't have the clarity. So this I'm doing, I'm going to just spend the time doing the homework. You know, yeah, go through it's very uncomfortable because I just want to push through it. But pushing through it is not what's required. It's spending the time and letting it massage and all of that so exactly

Speaker 1  20:58
and and that's why I said at the beginning beginning of this call as well, is that this, this program was meant to give you guys the building blocks. But what you do with the building blocks and how quickly you build is completely up to you. You can set some of the building blocks down and then let the foundation settle before going off and building more and adding more bricks to it. Or you might be like, You know what? Something has clicked in me, and I know exactly the type of house I want to build, and I'm just going to build quick in these next five to six weeks. But that all depends on where you are at in your journey with your own business, with your ideas, with the types of clients you want to serve, with the frameworks that you want to build. Like everyone is moving through this at their own pace. So I think you're in the right spot, and just having the clarity that you lack, the conviction, I would argue, is probably putting you way ahead of the person who is still trying to figure out, like, what's the funnel that I need to build, what's the offer I need to put out? You know, what's the type of content that's going to bring in the most amount of conversions? You recognize that it's it's something within. It's the clarity that you need to have solidified before you move forward. Thank you. No problem. All right, let me take a quick look at the chat Barbara, just to answer your question. So the messaging course is actually not cohorted. That's even a word. It is open enrollment. So it it runs through the entire year, and there's no start and end date. It's just whenever the person comes in their 12 months start at that point. Now, with that being said, because of the level of intimacy in the program, meaning the the amount of high touch support they get from me, there are times that I close enrollment because I'm at maximum capacity. So currently, neuro message is at max capacity. I will be reopening enrollment for the end of January, beginning of February. So anyone who gets in will have 12 months starting at from that point onwards. Awesome. Kali saying, cannot speak dental surgery. I hope you're feeling better. The element for me is realizing that you were the missing piece, getting clear and stop using the language that was, in fact, deflecting people, yeah, pushing them away, rather than pulling them in, getting clear and more clear every day. And so much to go through again. Breathe it all in, yep, and continue come together. Of course. Yeah, I'm so I'm so glad that you joined this program as well, because, like I said, everyone is coming in at a very different level. Some of you already had offers. Some of you were building your first offers. Some of you had very well established online presences. Other people were just building theirs. So it's being able to go back to the homework, go back to some of the deeper questions, and see what the missing gaps are in what was stopping you from showing up in the way that you want to be showing up. So this is, yeah, this is really good. Thank you for sharing, Jessica saying I'm really appreciating the questions and the opportunity to explore conviction and clarity on who I serve and what they're truly needing. So much is coming up with that amazing and yeah, Jessica, even everything that we talked about, even from the previous call as well, is regardless of where you're at in your journey of getting that clarity. It the clarity begins to solidify the more you engage with the things that you feel need to be engaged with. So even the post I reviewed, and all of that it's it's a clear indication of you taking a stream of consciousness, taking an idea and recognizing, how can I share this in a way that is relevant, that is resonant, that speaks to the top of mind, goal or need or desire of my ideal client, and even if you don't have the clarity on like what your offer is yet, or how exactly you serve them, just the fact that you took that idea and share it. These are the things that actually help group clarity. Katie's saying so much of it this course, has literally been life changing for me. If it has to summarize into one aspect, it would be the image you shared in the first session. Yeah, the iceberg, the sales and marketing and the top explaining how we're missing what's underneath that explains everything for me. Yeah? Just like you know, all the ways the marketing don't feel aligned, yeah? And sometimes, honestly, guys, the the biggest ahas are not things that you've learned, but the things you had to unlearn, and that's one of the things I had to recognize. Even when I built up neuro message, it took me months to realize that I'm actually not teaching people anything new. I'm teaching them to unlearn the things that they thought they need to have in place to say. Succeed, it was more of a coming back to yourself than it was follow these steps or follow these strategies to get XYZ results. And that is still a form of learning, but it is an unlearning. It is a removing the layers that we feel we need to pile on top of what we do or what we know. And instead, we're bringing it back to being less transactional, being less strategy focused, being less you know, give me the details of what I need to implement or what I need to do, and instead bringing it back to what do I want to be known for? What am I already confident in? And how do I just communicate from that place of natural essence and magnetism, rather than looking outside of myself to look for those answers? So if there's anything that I want you guys to take away from this program, it's literally that your your most magnetic brand is the brand, or it is the idea that has not been tainted by what but by what other people have told you you need to be known for, or by what other people have told you you need to do to actually get results or to bring in clients. The more easily you can peel back those layers of what you've been told by the marketing world, by the coaching world, by, you know, whoever else on the internet or off the internet, and the more you can bring it back to who you are, at your core, that is the thing that is going to exude the magnetism that you're looking for. Amazing. Thank you for sharing. Kevin's saying, Could you clarify what you mean specifically by showing up in the way that you want to show up? Ironically, it there. I can't tell you. I can't tell you what it means to show up in the way that you want to show up. Because if I were to tell you what that means, then you would also look at it from a prescriptive standpoint of like, oh, parmese told me, showing up means this. What I actually mean by showing up in the way that you want to show up is removing the filters of what you think is deemed appropriate or marketable. So if your identity is being crafted and shaped and molded in a way that is different than who you actually are behind the scenes, at your core, that's what I mean it's it's being able to share what's on your mind and on your heart without the thought of, how is this going to be perceived? So you're pulling your power inwards, rather than focusing outwards, rather than being conversion focused. And how are people going to see this? How are they going to react to it? You're thinking to yourself, what is it that I feel I need to put out there? What is it that I know to be true for me? So it's just shifting the lens between how you're thinking about the content, the messaging and all of that.

Speaker 4  27:51
Yeah, can I just explain that a little bit? Sure. So for me, I was you answered a question, but what I was thinking when I said, like, show up. The way you want to show up is basically you coming and saying, You know what, fuck everything. I'm just gonna work two hours a day and gonna be a millionaire, right? That's, that's the way I want to show up. But that's what I wanted to to to define with you. It's not about like, it's not about like, hey, I need to post one time. I want to post one time in like, every month, and then that's it. It's enough. It's more about showing up as me, as Kevin, talking about the things that ignites my passion, whatever it is and not. That's what you meant, basically. Okay, got it, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  28:39
You got it. Amazing. Bum bum. Jessica is also saying, I'm really appreciating the questions and opportunity to explore. Oh no, I already read that. My bad. So sorry. Let's keep going here. Jen is saying, so much has shifted for me. I'm letting it marinate and fully trust that I will know the next aligned actions without attachment. Thank you for everything. Yeah, of course. And I think also just to kind of comment on that as well. It's also totally fine to not know where to go from here, which is the opposite of what most programs are kind of designed to do, because we've been taught that there's some sort of like chronological order, or this, like, chronological way of thinking about business that, like, once we have this mastered, then we move on to this, and then once we have this, then we move on to that. But I like to think about business rather than, like, imagine a staircase. I don't see it as a staircase. I instead see it as a spiral, and at any point you might actually spiral downwards for a little bit and then spiral back up, and then spiral back up, and then spiral back down, and then spiral back up. You might get stuck in the spiral a couple of times, and it doesn't mean that you're behind. It doesn't mean that you don't have the clarity as you guys know, I'm a huge believer in cyclical ways of living, and with that cyclical nature, come. The the stagnancy sometimes of feeling like things are not moving, things are not working. But it doesn't mean that they're not working or moving. It just simply means that you are in a cycle, or in a a season of things cementing, of things getting deeper, of things happening beyond the surface that you haven't yet thought about. Not everything needs to have a next step, and not everything needs to be an upward linear progression. Most of the time, when you're about to have that ignition point where you're like, skyrocket up into your next level, you will actually have a period of stagnancy, or even a period of pullback, where you start to doubt and question everything that you've created. And I've seen this time and time again with with leaders that I've worked with, and in the beginning days of consulting, it would actually make me nervous, because when someone was going through an intense period of self doubt, questioning, nothing was working, I would take it personally and think that that means something on me, like, Oh, my goodness, I haven't given them enough value, or, Oh, I haven't taught them enough or I haven't given them the tools that they need to take it to the next level. Of course, with experience. Now I've realized that sometimes those moments of pullback or those moments of overwhelm or those moments of I actually have no idea what's coming next. You need to sit with that. You need to sit with that discomfort you need to be in a place of I'm just trusting that whatever is happening right now is meant to happen. I'm just trusting that I am marinating in the information. I am marinating in whatever it is that I have learned or I have picked up, and I'm trusting that when the time comes, I will know what my next actions are. So if you're sitting with all the content and you're thinking to yourself, I need to go back and relearn or rewatch, but I don't really know where to take it from here. That is also okay, of course, after today, I'll give you guys a couple of indications of, depending on where you're at in your business, what I would think you would want to focus on next. But it's also totally cool that you're not you're not super clear on those next steps either, because so much of it is experiential. Yeah, yeah, absolutely, yep. Kevin says it brings back PTSD from the island life and the hurricanes every three years. Yeah. Feel like I've been in that pullback for a year now. And yeah. And you also can't control how long that pullback is. I think one of the important skills that you can develop as a business owner is recognizing, when are you holding yourself back from taking the necessary actions that will actually take you to the next level, versus when is it just a season of allowing things to happen? And I think the biggest discerning factor in that is recognizing that if you have a set of ideas or tools or things that you feel convicted in, and it's simply a lack of showing up and actually implementing those things, then I would say that that is a time to push through, if I can even use that term, but to push through and take the necessary actions and see if it actually goes anywhere, versus when You're in a period of time where you've soaked up all this information, you've maybe created something new, but you feel like it's not the right time to birth it. You still feel like there's, there's gaps, or it's it's incomplete, or it hasn't yet fully, fully marinated, to the point where you feel convicted in it. At that point, I would say, maybe hold back, wait for the answers to come and not feel so rushed to have everything implemented and put into position. I talked about this with Hayley on our call, where there is no rush. Everything is happening on the right timeline. And as woo as that sounds, we have to almost develop this belief that we are in the exact position at the right time, consuming the right amount of information, having the right types of conversations that are meant to bring about the experiences and the conversations that will help us see the gaps in our learning that will that will help us understand what is our next steps, but sometimes that's outside of our control, so the cyclical way of being is also a really important reminder here, all

Speaker 4  34:03
right, something? Yeah, I want to add something about that. It's insane. What you're saying right now. You're just speaking to me because I moved from two years ago being so passive, like after, I would say, three years in business, not getting much, much success, getting a few clients here and there. And I was like, no, what? Fuck that? Like, I'm just gonna do the bare minimum. And then I started working with my coach, and he started pushing me. He's like, Dude, you got to show up. You got to do things and regardless, right? And I was like, Yeah, I'm going to show up, right? Like, it's me, right? And I was like, I'm going to show up. And I pushed through, and I had a hard time. I went from, you know, like, it's like a pendulum, right? I had a hard time going from one, one extreme, one, yeah, one extreme to the other. And now I'm starting to see, like, more of in the middle where I'm like, Hey, like, right now I can notice, I noticed that, you know what, I've been publishing for 80 Days. I've been publishing videos on LinkedIn. It. And I was like, You know what? I just gave myself a challenge. I was like, 365 days going live whatever, and I've been seeing that right now. It's not even a line to me, and I feel like the pullback, but not because I don't want to do it. Yeah, it's a pain in the ass most of the time. I don't want to do it, right? But it's not because I don't want to do it. It's because I'm just, I feel like I've been engaging with that enough time to see like it's not going anywhere. That right now, I'm just pulling back, taking the time to soak it in and try to change the angle, try to change the way I'm engaging with my message. And that's amazing, because I finally have the the ability to to be objective about it, and not, you know, like not feeling swayed based on, like, Oh, my coach told me to push through. Or my old self was like, Hey, be a passive, passive fuck or whatever. Like, now, no, I'm doing, I'm doing the work, and I'm noticing that the little changes. And that's, that's amazing,

Speaker 1  35:59
yeah, yeah. And I think this also comes back to actually knowing yourself. And just to reinforce what I said around the unlearning, it's it's listening to the inner voice rather than listening to the outer voices of what we are supposed to do, of what how we are meant to show up, what are the actions that we have to take to get to an outcome or make an outcome happen when we let go of the timeline of like, you know, what is it that we think we've deemed a success? We bring it back to ourselves and ask ourselves, how do we feel like we want to be showing up in this moment and allowing the moments of pullback to just naturally happen without us resisting it? Because the more we resist, the more it persists. If you were going to push through and create more lives and just continue on with that. The energy behind that content would also not exude the same level of magnetism, because now you're showing up from this energy of, I have to do it right. Rather than I this is what I want to do.

Speaker 4  36:55
I get to do it. You get exactly. You get, yeah, that's, that's yeah. That's reframe that I'm always telling myself, like, I get to do it.

Speaker 1  37:02
Yeah, yeah. And I think one of the things I was actually writing a post about this this morning, where I'm like, one of the biggest reframes for my clients is not seeing their marketing as a necessary evil to get clients or to get to their ideal results in their business, but rather to see it as the first point of serving, right? And we've talked about this inside this container before as well, where it's like your content or your presence, the way that you're showing up should not be an item that you just check off of a business task list that you're doing. It should feel like a natural extension of the mission of who you want to serve. It should feel like a pleasure, a joy that you get to show up. It when I write content, it's not coming from a place of, ooh, I haven't posted in a couple of days. I better post something. I post when I feel like I need to say something, and when I feel like it's a disservice if I don't share this thing, I need to get it out there, because it's going to it's going to help someone, or it's going to shift someone's perspective. And it's not attached to any agenda of, oh, I need to do this because I'm a personal brand, or I need to do this because I need to build demand for what it is that I do. It's coming from a place of I actually have something to share that I think is going to be valuable. And in that same line, there are times I have nothing to say, or there are times where I'm going through my own evolution, like currently, where I'm at in my business. I'm going through my own pivot and iteration of what it is that I want to become known for. Of course, I'm known for messaging. That's something that people have come to me for years. But I feel like there's something deeper there. It's, it's going beyond just the words of how to articulate and how to get people to come into your world. It's, it's starting to tap a little bit more into like how to actually be an embodied leader. How do you actually embody the message, how to embody the energetics behind who you want to be perceived as, how to actually be in alignment with the things that you stand for. So there's something there, and I haven't fully landed on it yet, but I'm not overthinking it. I'm engaging with it on a day to day basis. I'll still wake up and I'll write, I'll meditate, I'll go on my my walks, I'll have discussions like the ones I do or I did with with Haley, even if it's not recorded, I'll I'll voice message friends and peers in my industry. We'll have some discussions. I'll engage with the message, but I'm allowing it to come to me. I'm not forcing myself to show up and post and create just because I feel like I have to.

Speaker 4  39:19
But how do you how do you like? Okay, so there's a difference between you and where you're at in your business right now, and people that are in a previous or more earlier version of their brand, meaning, like when you start, and you said that, like when you started, you were actually messaging people you're at. You were having some coffee chat or whatever. You are engaging on social media constantly. So how do you know when is when it's time to actually say, like, hey, you know what? I'm just showing up whatever I want. I'm not even going to engage with anybody unless they engage with my content or say, like, right now I have to. I don't know. Add 10 people a day. Write, I don't know, one post a day and talk to five people. Start a conversation with five

Speaker 1  40:08
people, like something like that. It totally depends on what your goal with the business is. If you're on a place right now that you don't have reoccurring revenue that feels safe to the nervous system, then, yes, there are certain actions that perhaps need to be taken to establish the awareness of what it is that you do, to establish those connections, to establish those relationships. And even when I was doing the reach outs, it wasn't coming. It was not coming from a place of transactionalness as to like I need to land clients. It was coming from a place of nobody knows what I do right now. Nobody knows who I am, nobody understands the value that I have, and I have this deep inner knowing that my skill set is going to be valuable to a lot of people, but I need to put in the work to establish those relationships. So I have a level of awareness now and a level of a brand reputation, where if I were to take a number of weeks off from posting or showing up or promoting, I have a baseline that has been created of people who know me for what I do, people who send me referrals and all of that. So it's almost like you need to analyze where you're at in your business and align your actions with what is it that you feel your business needs to be doing in that season? And again, if you're saying that, you know you gotta message five people a day, or 10 people a day, or or whatever that looks like, or add 10 people a day, you also want to ask yourself, like, what is the energy behind that? Are you doing it because you feel like that's what you have to do in that season, or is that what you feel like is serving your intention for that season? In business, it's a very, very subtle line between the two there, where it's like I was reaching out to people because I recognized there was a skill set that is underutilized. Or I would, I would watch people complain about their copy not converting, and I knew I had a skill set to help them, so it was like messaging and DMing and building those connections from this authentic place of like I actually have a solution for what you're complaining about, versus let me message people because I need sales. That was very different. I

Speaker 1  42:23
a chat here before we go. Okay, so we got Jessica saying, I believe having confidence in our personal lives and who we are as a person is foundational to confidence as an expert and personal brand doing that self development introspection to know our values. Yeah, absolutely, and it's all you, especially as a personal brand, your your personal brand will only succeed to the depth of personal mastery that you've embodied. It will never surpass that. And even what we're talking about with Haley, it's like you, you need to have your personal brand and your the reach, the recognition, the revenue needs to grow in conjunction with your identity and what with what you think about yourself, if there's an imbalance there, you will either self sabotage or it'll recalibrate itself. So yes, absolutely, the the introspection is the key as a personal brand. Jen saying that's been me lately, enjoying sharing from a grounded place, not transactional. That shift requires me to be engaged without a need, just me living, experiencing this new way of being. Yep. Madison says I just rewatched the bones video last night, and people want your point of view, not your expertise, yeah, what's the light? Sorry, what's the lightning of fire? Yeah, exactly. But what's my hot take? Yeah, absolutely. Getting super, super clear on that, Eduardo, I see your hand is up,

Speaker 5  43:39
yeah, thanks. I mean, actually in an interesting situation related to what you said about where do I go from here? Because when I started my coaching, hypnosis copywriting business, I did it for the English speaking market. And interestingly, I did it without any social media, no advertising. People just keep coming. Yeah, good. So I'm making money. Works beautifully. But I want to create an umpire for the Spanish speaking market. And in the Spanish speaking market, I'm nobody, but I want to create that. So it's like you gave me permission to be able to say, do not limit myself by saying I'm just a life coach or a hypnotist. I'm all of it, and that's what I love about this program. Is that okay? So I am the brand behind it, and the entire message is about me, not just about just life coaching or this. So that's why, for the Spanish speaking thing that I want to launch is like, Where do I even start? Like, should I start making offers? Should I start telling stories about me? Should I start teaching. About hypnosis, neuroscience, life coaching, that's like, like, where do I go from here?

Speaker 1  45:07
Yeah, okay, you're you're tapping into a completely new market that is no different. And I think this goes for many people on this call. There's no How do I say this? There's no feat that is difficult for you to actually succeed in, unless, in your mind, you've made it difficult, meaning you might be looking at the Spanish speaking market like you're looking at the mountain from the bottom and being like, Where do I even start? There's like, I don't have any offers for them. I don't have anything created. I don't have any content. Like, where do I even begin? But when we flip our perspective into I already know my expertise, I know my specialty, I know what I'm good at, and I've already accumulated success in one area. I've already accumulated evidence that what I teach is needed because, like you said, you were able to create sales and you were able to create demand. All we simply need to do at this point is recognize, how do I now become relevant to this new market? And if it's simply just going from English speakers to Spanish speakers, then you already have the confidence and conviction in the neuroscience, in the in the copywriting, in the hypnosis, and like all of the things that you are already good at, it simply now becomes a matter of being able to demonstrate to the new market, how are those things relevant to them? What are, what are the top of mind needs and desires? And again, for any of you who are in a place of like, Where do I even get started with my message? You always bring it back to the audience, and you always ask the question, what are the needs and the goals and the desire of my market that I have an answer or a solution to? Because you can go out and you can start talking about NLP, hypnosis, you can go out start talking about, like, all of those things, but people won't know why they need to care until you've identified why is that important to them?

Speaker 5  47:13
And I have the evidence for that with my English speaking clients, exactly. But it's like, do I say that like in long form content, short videos on Instagram. Because since I never did it for the English speaking market, I never did social media, people just came to me and out of working with me, people keep coming like I have never done it from

Speaker 1  47:35
scratch. Okay, so you're also not starting from scratch at this point, right? Here's what I want you to keep in mind, you are simply taking evidence from what you've already been doing, and you're extracting. What was it that brought those people to you, and you're just sharing in a different medium all that it is. I was actually having a discussion with someone, and I was, I was kind of getting heated, because, okay, well, this is still relevant to what you're speaking about. She said, I wish we could go back to the days where we didn't have to be on social media to get traction for our business. Like, I wish we could go back to those days where, you know, Tiktok didn't exist, Instagram didn't exist. Like, it was so much easier back then. And I said to her, okay, so you would like to go back to the times where you had to pay for TV advertising or pay to get on billboards or pay to get in magazines or buy space in a newsletter column. So she was like, you know, she she was demonizing social media as a as a vehicle as a medium of sharing her message, because she had not seen any traction from there. But if I had looked at what she had been doing to get business, it was still what you would do on social media, but just through different channels. So she had the evidence that putting her message out there and educating your audience through magazine articles. And things were working, and now she was like, Oh, now I gotta start from scratch on social media, you're not starting from scratch. I asked her, What were you talking about in the magazine articles? What were you talking about in those previous mediums that worked when you work with clients and they say, Oh, this has been life changing. What are the things that are top of mind? What are the things that they are coming to you saying, like, you really helped me achieve x, or you really helped me understand why you take those things and you simply translate them into social media content. Now, whether it's short form or long form, or if it's carousel posts, or if it's videos, or if it's written articles, that doesn't matter.

Speaker 5  49:43
Well, actually, that's exactly what you said. Yeah, I have the evidence. I don't need to do it in a different medium. That's it.

Speaker 1  49:50
Yeah, it's just a different medium. And the different medium kind of going back on what Kevin said, We don't want to push ourselves to try a medium. That we feel like we have to do. If you don't want to do short form reels with you know, images popping up and stuff like that, because it feels like it's too unnatural. I also don't want you to feel like you have to do that to get clients. The beauty of social media is that there's so many different channels with so many different variations of how you share your message, that it's not important what the medium is. It's just the fact that you're present on there and that you're nurturing an audience on there, right?

Speaker 5  50:29
Because I know it works. Yes, I have never been present. Yeah, right. That is, that is so true. Yes, thank you. It's

Speaker 1  50:38
building a presence and it's recognized. What are the ways that you naturally express yourself? Are you very good with the written like with the written word, or are you more verbal, where you need to, like, actually speak out your thoughts, once you get really comfortable in understanding what has actually worked for your clients and what your strengths are, utilize that and then just channel the message that you've already been using with clients into social media mediums. That's all that it is

Speaker 5  51:03
that is so true. I don't need to do anything. I don't need to be present.

Speaker 1  51:07
It's just present, right? It's just your presence. And of course, that's something I want all of you guys to keep in mind as well. Social media marketing is not a strategy. There is no strategy. There is no perfect way to show up all that it is is you having clarity on who you are as a person, what you stand for, as a brand, and then consistently showing up with a message that reinforces what you want to be known for some of the most powerful, powerful personal brands that I know don't utilize strategies. They don't have a Okay, three times a week I'm going to post a reel two times a week. I'm going to post a long form carousel. I have a weekly newsletter that comes up. They don't think about that. What they think about is, how can I show up in the most authentic, unrefined way that just puts a message out there that I know is speaking to the top of mind goals and desires and needs of my ideal people? What are the messages that I feel compelled to share? What are the things that have been coming up with clients, that have been coming up with, with people that I speak to, that I feel more people should know about, and then consistently building a presence. It is not a social media strategy, it is a presence.

Speaker 5  52:31
Well, you know, that's what I got stuck in the last call, because at the very end I even wrote, like, can you recommend me? What a strategy? And then we ended that call like, oh, like, damn it. And it's not the strategy, it's the presence. It's the presence that's right? And I don't have it in Spanish, it exactly, yeah,

Speaker 1  52:49
exactly. And I want you to also think of it. This is also another post that I've written. There's strategy makes us think in very rigid forms. Right? Strategy makes us feel like there's black and white, right and wrong, right? Like, do I do I write short form? Do I write long form? Do I do video? Do I do just quick talking reels? Do I do BTS reels? None of that actually matters. That's strategy. When we think about strategy, it pigeonholes us into this is the right way to do it. Instead of strategy. We want intentionality, because intentionality makes us think about, what are the key messages that I want to be associated with, what are the angles of thoughts and ideas that I want people to know me for. And then, how do I intentionally show up with all of the ideas that I have around this topic,

Speaker 5  53:43
and I have the answers for that, yes, but I was talking like, tell me the strategy? Yeah.

Speaker 1  53:50
And most people will solve a strategy because that is the easiest way to make money off of you. Because if they can make you believe that they have the strategy that is going to burst through all of your problems. Now you're going to be like, I need it. And the reason why we want strategy, guys, this is a psychological thing. The reason why we want strategy is because we feel safe. Strategy makes us feel safe. It makes our nervous system feel like I don't have to figure it out. I don't have to think someone else did the thinking for me, someone else has cracked the code of how often I need to show up with what type of message and what type of format, and if I follow that strategy, I will get results. Strategy makes us feel safe, but it is false safety. I made a post a couple of weeks ago that basically talked about how most coaches or most programs, give you that false sense of safety because they throw you into a pool with a life jacket and they say, See, I taught you how to swim because they've given you that, the templates, the frameworks, the how often you need to post like they've given you all of the strategy. So you're like, Okay, great. All I need to do is follow this strategy. Day. I need to follow this launch blueprint. I need to do a five day event. I need to do a conversion event. I need to email my list four things every week so you follow the strategy, and for a while it feels good, because it feels like you're in control. It's the same thing when you're in an ocean with a life jacket on, and you're like, oh, I can do this. I can actually do this. And then there's going to be a time where we take that life jacket off of you, because you'll be in a situation where that strategy no longer can work right. Or you're in a situation where you have to try something new. You're launching a new offer, and that previous strategy that you worked on with that coach doesn't work anymore. All of a sudden, you're in the middle of the ocean with no life jacket, and you're like, struggling. You're like, I can't keep myself above water. I don't know what I'm doing. What the heck? Why was this working before and now I'm not working now it's not working. It's because you never actually learned how to swim. You were relying on false safety when you develop the skill set of learning how to swim, no matter whether you're in a river, an ocean or a pool, you will know how to keep your head above water. But it's not because you have strategy or a life jacket. It's because you have learned how to take your message and put it out there in a way that resonates with people. That is the skill of understanding positioning, of messaging, of branding, you've developed the skill set of putting yourself out there in a way that consistently brings in the right people, but by following strategies, you have that false sense of safety of like I have it figured out, because I have my my little life jacket, I have my little lifeboat, so I'm okay. So that's the hard part, is learning how to swim, because obviously anyone can float above water with a life jacket. It takes very few people who actually want to develop the skill of being able to navigate rough waters without the life jacket on. That's why you guys are in this program. It's it's to help you develop the the ways that I want you guys to think about your brand is you have so much clarity and like, Nope, this is who I am. This is what I stand for. This is the problem that I'm solving for people. This is how it's relevant to the people I want to serve. This is how I position it, so that regardless of what offer you're launching, what what social platform you're on, you know how to communicate, right? I'm not teaching you guys social media strategy. I'm teaching guys the art of positioning and communication. That is what that is learning how to swim.

Speaker 5  57:25
Can I just say I was that person when I joined the program? I really joined the program with the idea like, Finally, Parmesan is going to give me the strategy. And the moment that you began talking about messaging, positioning, the branding, the new how to build a pyramid. It's like, Oh, my God, that's easy, but it doesn't really scare is like, wow. Now the possibilities are amazing.

Speaker 1  57:51
Yes, yes, thank you. So of course. And also something that I think Jen had posted in the group, I didn't actually facilitate any transformation, like, notice, like, whatever you guys, whether you learned it or didn't learn it or whatever, I didn't actually facilitate that transformation you did. I just, I simply removed the barriers or gave you the tools to get you to that transformation, even if nothing dramatic has transformed in your business, I wasn't expecting anything dramatic to transform after like, five or six weeks. Five or six weeks. However, whatever happens from this point onwards is breaking you free from the shackles of feeling like it needs to be done the right way, or it needs to be done a certain way in order for it to be correct. It is. It is much more like the intention of this program is much more about you being like, oh, there wasn't, there wasn't an answer. The life jacket I was looking for never existed. That's what it was. Jamie, I see your hand is up.

Speaker 6  58:56
Hello, hello. It's like, let me see how I put this. It's like a permission slip was given without really. It's like, we want that, at least me, I wanted like to be like, You're doing good. It's okay, it's safe. It's safe for you to do that, while you always say the approval. But even though we know what we want, we are maybe convicted in what we because we are the experts, right? So at the end, it was like a like, let me see how I put in the English. It's like a confirmation that we know that we are on the right track, but still, you want that approval from parmese, because she knows what she's doing, but once we you taught us how to just show up and be yourself and like, hey, yeah, why are you making this so difficult for us? In our minds? I. And that was, like, very unstressful, released because you feel good. Like, okay, what I'm going to post today? Oh, I'm going to show up. I'm just going to share my philosophies. I had, like an issue, not an issue. I was like an inconvenience a few days ago with somebody, and I'm like, Dude, I'm just sharing my and I thought about you, because I said I'm sharing my philosophies and my values, taking this all in the personal life as well. Because, yeah, we want to share and we want to be known. So I'm like, Okay, if I want to be known for something, at least, I'm going to share my philosophies and values. But it was it was nice. It was nice. So I really thank you for opening up this space for for all of us and opening that door for for us. So thank

Speaker 1  1:00:49
you, yeah, and you will see this spill over into your personal life as well, because I always say that regardless of whether you have a business or not, each of us are a brand. We are a brand. When people think about you that is a brand. The words that they use to describe you when you're not in the room, that is your brand. So whether you like it or not, you are a walking, talking, personal brand. Now, whether you have a skill set that you've chosen to monetize, that's up to you, whether you've decided to build a business from it, that's up to you. But each of us have a personal brand, and if we actually start thinking about ourselves as brands, I actually feel that more people will become even more deeply embodied and will approach life with more intentionality, because we're no longer just operating from autopilot and operating from a place of like, well, this is just who I am, or this is just how I've been brought up, or this is just, you know, we don't, we don't operate from this place of just showing up anymore. We're actually very intentional with our thoughts, with our words, with our beliefs, with how we articulate ourselves, with the way that we show up and how we like carry ourselves, in how we interact, in our in our relationships, like when we start thinking of ourselves as personal brands, regardless of like, it's not we're trying to be manipulative, right? We're not trying to like present ourselves a certain way to be liked. It's just more like, how do I want to be seen? Who do I truly believe myself to be? What are the things that make me unique? What are the things that make me special and just show up in that way? And then if we can translate that into our businesses, that's what makes you magnetic. That's what brings people to your door. That's what we want to do, that that that is, that is the secret of building a monetizable personal brand, alright, guys, let me get into, let me get into some of the elements of like I said, I want to make sure that you guys walk away knowing a little bit more about how to move forward, what to focus on, and to do a little bit of a recap of what were the main elements, like the main teaching elements that I think would be important for you guys to go back to. So at the beginning of this program, I talked about how you guys are going to be walking away with five, like, there's five foundational pillars to having a, you know, deeply convicted, successful, whatever you want to call it personal brand. So I want to kind of review some of these pillars with you guys, and then potentially even open it up for discussion to see what we can workshop together. So the very first thing was getting clear on your brand's core concept idea or umbrella category. We talked a lot in the beginning, in the first I would say one to two calls, maybe even up to three about mental schemas. Mental schemas being how people categorize you in their brain. And one of the exercises, if you guys remember, was getting clear on like, what your category domain expertise. You guys remember that that chain that we worked on now, regardless of whether you have the answer to what each of those elements are or not, that does not matter. What I want you guys to think about strategically is if you had to take yourself almost out of your body and look at yourself from a third party perspective, look at your presence, look at the way that you show up, look at the ideas that you share. Is it clear what category you fall into? Can someone make that mental association between who you are and what you do? Kevin just gave me the biggest No. That was a very dramatic headshake. So this is what I want you guys to focus on, first and foremost, and again, this is like the bare bones of branding before getting into the posts and the words and all of that. All. Are you clear? Are you clear on what you want to be known for? Fatima saying, I keep bouncing between two right now. Okay, do you want to share what those are? If you're able to unmute yourself?

Speaker 7  1:05:18
No pressure, yes, no, yes, yes, I can unmute myself. My son might come in. It's all good.

Speaker 1  1:05:23
It's all guys didn't want to give you any pressure to be like, Alright, tell me what it is.

Speaker 7  1:05:27
Yeah, no. So like, like, I'm just, I'm I'm just still, like, really working through everything. My intention with everything is to, like, go back and start everything from the beginning. But like, I'm glad that you asked this, because the two things that like I keep bouncing between is, like, do I want to be known as helping people develop their confidence in their writing, like, confidence in um, being confident in their written voice. Or is it like just helping people like write better? Do you know what I mean, like, I'm like, is it the Inner Earth, like, the inner development that I really want to focus on, or is it like that outward skill, like I feel like they kind of bleed into each other, but I'm like, Yeah, that's kind of, Why not both? I don't know. I don't know, because I feel like, like, because I remember when you listed that list of books and authors, there was like that clear one word that really stood out with all of them. And I think there's so much power in that, like, in kind of being able to be associated with a major idea, and then, like, a lot of different things kind of come under that. Yeah. So I'm like, is it just a confident writer, like, is it more like an adjective and a noun? You know, doesn't have to be like one word?

Speaker 1  1:07:19
Mm, hmm. Hey, you're on to something here. When I had shared that list of people, and I can even pull them up, maybe let me see if I can bring up,

Speaker 7  1:07:32
remember, it was like, James clears book a comic habits. And it was like, habits in that, okay, yeah, brown vulnerability, that, like that. It's crazy. I'm like that really like the image of that stuck with me, because I'm like, That's so powerful.

Speaker 1  1:07:47
Yeah, yeah. So I had James clear, Ryan Holiday, Adam Grant, Brene, brown, Robert Green, Robin, Sharma, Joe, Dispenza, John Gottman, yes. Can keep going. There's so many more, but those were the ones that just kind of came to my mind. Notice how each of those people so when I when I name them off, you guys might not all come up with the same word, but you'll keep you'll come up with the same gist and the same feeling in your mind. So when I say James, clear, you think habits, but you could also think like something else that is also an iteration of habits, but still within that same category. When I say Ryan Holiday, some of you might think philosophy, others might think stoicism, but those fit into the same category. When I said Brene Brown, some of you might think vulnerability, others might feel you know or think another word, but it still falls within the same category. So param I think the the the hang up for you and maybe some others on on this call as well, is, I don't want you to think that it needs to be a word that is that precise, what people remind you or remember you as

Unknown Speaker  1:09:05
is, I am doing it today.

Speaker 1  1:09:07
It is a category which is a feeling that they associate with. So if you want to speak about like, the inner work of like, how to be a creative, how to like, be more confident in the way that you communicate, and then the technical aspect of the writing, those fall within the same category. They're just two different sides of the same coin, very similar to how Haley was talking about, how she talks about, like, the outer brand, like she has a degree in design, and she worked very heavily in the corporate field when it came to marketing, but she also now has the side of like, you know, you can't be you can't be successful in marketing. You can't be successful as a brand until you have developed that inner authority. She's still known for brand building and authority building, but there's inner. Authority and outer authority. So do you see how both of those things fall within the same category that she's known for?

Speaker 7  1:10:08
Yes, yes, for sure. I think, Sorry, go on. No, no, it's all good. Go for it. So like, I think maybe where I keep getting hung up on is the idea of what I'm known for, or what I want to be known for, needs to be kind of backed up by like, a degree, or like be backed up by some level of experience. And I feel like right now, I'm in a place of meshing together a whole bunch of different things, like just inner, like just that inner guiding compass of my of my own that has been so natural to me, and that's been, like, really helpful. And then, like, what I did study and like what I have, like, invested money in so, like, I keep getting this, this thing and, and I think that's where, like, it keeps shaking my I don't know whether it's the confidence or my conviction, but it's like, where, like, where do I like, kind of lean more into and it's something that I've been like, because, like, being in integrity is very important to me. And I don't know why I keep tying that to like, what I've studied. Do you know what I mean?

Speaker 1  1:11:45
So conviction is not bred through our degrees and certifications, although that's what we've been trained to believe, conviction is bred through repeated experience and exposure to a message. I graduated a double honors in multiple different very sciencey things, I had zero conviction in myself when I graduated school. Like, I like, I mean, I shouldn't say I had zero conviction. I was like, Oh, great. I finished this thing. But being thrown out into the real world and working with clients, I had zero inner authority around what I did. So your degree and what you've studied has a very, very small, very minuscule impact on how confident you actually are in getting people results. Your conviction is going to be read, the more you engage with your message, which means, like, study your own message, write, publish it, have conversations about it, put it out there, receive feedback, and the more you are able to attract people who are attracted to your way of thinking and solving. Hey, okay, it's, it's, and I know that it's really hard to break out of the like, you know, I have to have the certifications, I have to have the degrees. I have to back it up with with knowledge, people with NBAs. And again, I'm not saying this to toot my horn, people with NBAs would not be able to do what I do in terms of business growth, even though they are very highly educated in how to grow businesses and the financial aspect and the marketing aspect.

Speaker 7  1:13:38
No, I totally believe that, because, like, I didn't even care if you've had a marketing business degree. And I'm like, for me, this is, like, the one I want to, you know, like, give my time and money to right now,

Speaker 1  1:13:49
yeah? And most people won't, won't I mean, Mo, yeah, most people will not even know or care what your degree is. What they do care about is that you've consistently been showing up with a message that keeps making them go, Oh, that's so good. Oh, I so resonate with think about the people that you follow, online and offline, that have the most amount of impact on you. The reason why you follow them, and the reason why you feel so pulled to them is because they're consistently sharing messaging that resonates with you, and you're going, dang, that was so on point. Oh, I so agree with that. Or like, wow, I never thought about it that way. The more consistently they can share bite sized pieces of insight. That's what makes you go. This person is good at what they do, not the fact that they went to Harvard,

Speaker 7  1:14:33
Oh, for sure. And like, it really comes down back to like, to like, kind of bring a make a full circle moment, to like just believing in yourself and just kind of following those desires within you, of like what it is you want to share, because, as you kind of keep engaging with that and like interacting with it, you're you're kind of just. Land on that consistent message and that like, and that's where like, the conviction really comes from,

Speaker 1  1:15:07
exactly, exactly, yeah, yeah. And it's it's also, again, not to discount the fact that, like, yes, degrees play a role. Learning plays a role. And I do want you guys to be consistent learners, and I do want you guys to take on more inputs that are valuable, and study and be curious and all of these, those things are really important. But recognize that your conviction is only it's bred through time. It's not something where you go from not convicted to convicted because now you took a certification, or because now you took a, you know, you took a course, the conviction is bred the more you spend time in a given area, and the more you refine your expertise through different through different means. And that can take, that can take time in terms of you building a presence, in terms of you actually landing on the thing that you want to do and attracting the right types of people, and you iterating your process and in helping people get results like there's, there's multiple different ways that you can actually slowly start to build that conviction. But it does not happen overnight. It does require you to to really kind of be in it for a while.

Speaker 7  1:16:20
Yeah, for sure. Oh, thank you so much. No problem, parmes.

Speaker 4  1:16:25
I gotta share that, because I think it's helpful for everybody. For those of you who don't know I'm a psychologist. After five years in school, and my first year in at the internship, I got traumatized by the way I was treated there, and so I got out of school, I was like, I'm already not feeling confident and convicted what I do. I'm like, Oh, I'm shitty psychologist. I don't know how to treat people. And I got a traumatizing experience with the staff at the internship. And then I went like it was a fucking roller coaster up until today, like five years or six years later, and I still feel like I'm not convicted in what I'm doing, although I'm meeting patients on a daily basis. And it's it's something that I'm building slowly by slowly. And nowadays I see like I change the place of internship and I can show up better than I could for the past five or four years at the previous internship, because I'm building the conviction as I go. It's not like, Hey, I just moved to another place, or I just graduated in one year. So that's better. It's like, it's a mark in progress.

Speaker 1  1:17:33
Yeah, yeah. And again, sometimes you don't even realize the conviction building up. I was recently, I was re watching some of the trainings I had done in 2021 on the same topics, like it was about copywriting, positioning, communication, and I could feel the lack of conviction, although back then I was confident in what I did. I knew I was a skilled copywriter, but the way the energy that I was showing up from was very much an energy of like, timidness and hiding and still kind of like being like, I think this is going to work. Or I was being very prudent with how I was giving feedback to clients. Now I'm a shark. I can just be like, No, that's not going to work. Here's what we're going to do instead. Back then, I was still tiptoeing on, like people pleasing, almost like, I don't know if I should tell her, her headlines not going to convert. Is that going to hurt her feelings? Oh, I don't know if I should tell her that her call to action is really not good. Oh, I don't know if I should tell it was like, again, it was, it was total lack of conviction. I had the skill set because I could identify, oh, that headline is not good. Oh, that, you know, the call to action is not good, but I lacked the the stability within myself of being able to fully express and be like, actually, this is what we're going to do instead. And now, when I watch trainings of myself, now I'm like totally different energy, but it's because of the amount of exposure I had to client experiences between these three years that allowed me to practice that skill and build the evidence that what I'm doing is not actually hurting someone's feelings, like they actually prefer to me to be direct and upfront, because it gets them results quicker. So I had to kind of break out of that good girl conditioning of like, please the client, make sure they're happy. Don't hurt their feelings. Walk around on on eggshells. And that took time. That took time to develop, and I see your hand is

Unknown Speaker  1:19:22
up, and hello,

Speaker 8  1:19:25
question, it's what I posted in the chat. So the thing that I'm most known for has kind of ended up pinching, holding me into this commodity healer, right? Like the thing that people most come to me for is when they or their homes feel haunted, and I've kind of become known as the Ghostbuster, and that becomes this, like one and done thing, right? People come in, they have a session, and that's it. But the work that has been. Most impactful with clients has been the container work has been the, you know, multiple months of working together and peeling away these layers of energetic blocks and having people unlock areas of their lives that they weren't able to before. So I'm just, I'm still a little bit stuck on how to how to show up and talk about that, but also show up and talk about the work that I'm doing with space holders, where I'm actually teaching them how to clear their spaces and hold a pristine space and clear themselves and make sure they're not, you know, hurting their clients with a lack of energetic hygiene. So, yeah, it's like, I'm talking about, yes, all of these things go under the umbrella of energetic hygiene, under the umbrella of clearing energetic blocks. But I haven't still figured out,

Unknown Speaker  1:21:04
you get what I'm you get what I'm asking, right? Yeah, break through that.

Speaker 1  1:21:09
The saying that I always come back to is position yourself or be positioned, meaning people will position you based on what they've been exposed to from you, and if you feel pigeon holed, it's likely because you've pigeon holed yourself. And there's nothing wrong with that. It just simply means that you've been able to facilitate a specific result for people repeatedly. And now people associate you with that, and you might be like, That's not exactly what I want to be known for. Like, that's sure that's that's something I could do, but what I want to be known for is this bigger overarching umbrella, the notion of of position yourself or be positioned is simply bringing the onus of responsibility back to us as the personal brands of asking ourselves, have we been consistently showing up with the message that we want to be associated with, or have we succumbed to what people have associated us with? If we want to be associated with a larger idea, we need to be talking more about that larger idea. And it's not a matter of, well, how do I become known for this. It's a matter of what have I been speaking to that is most relevant to my ideal people that falls within the realm of the thing that I want to be known for. So if you want to be known as the person who clears the space energetically for space holders and helps them understand how to take care of themselves energetically, how to implement that energetic hygiene, then 80 to 90% of your content better be talking about that. You better be talking about the top of mind issues that come up when people don't have energetic hygiene. You better be talking about some of the client complaints they might be facing. You might be talking about some of the upper limits that they might be hitting in their business because of their poor energetic hygiene. So to quote Socrates, here the the quote of be as you wish to seem if people, if you've pigeon holed yourself into one area, it's probably because you've stuck to that area through the way that you've communicated what it is that you do, and now other people view you as just that. The remedy is to break out of that by starting to talk about something completely different. And I think for many people, and again, myself included, when we're going through like, iterations and evolutions of our brand. We're like, Well, I was kind of known for that in the past, but now I want to be known for this. So how do I do that? Just do it. When I was a done for you copywriter, and all of my content was all around, like my services around done for you copy and why I'm a phenomenal writer, when I decided I'm actually going to coach on messaging now and take a broader angle, overnight, I slowly started to talk about the mistakes people make in their messaging, why people need to have a strong brand message before they can write quote and copy. So I just gradually started speaking about the thing that I actually want to be associated with,

Speaker 8  1:24:17
right? And I I do that. And because there is these different categories of the things that I do right, there's the category of the work with space holder is the category of one on one work, and then the category that also incorporates the personal style, that's like a complete almost rebrand for the soul. So kind of finding it hard how to toggle between the three things, even though they're categories of the same umbrella.

Speaker 1  1:24:54
You're not necessarily toggling between all three things. You're speaking to the same base problem. Which is people have energetic blocks that are holding them back from actually showing up, from how they want to be showing up in their life, right? Just like how when I can be speaking to completely new brands, I could be speaking to established brands. I could be speaking to people who are at a million dollars and above. Those are all different needs that I'm speaking to, but they all come back to authenticity and positioning in their personal branding, clarity and conviction and how they communicate and building an intentional presence like those are all the things that I become known for. And again, this might veer a little bit deeper into messaging, because I think the question that you're asking has far more to do with what are the different types of content that actually convey the different aspects of that. But I think when it comes to like, what do you want to become known for? To me, it's actually very clear what you're known for. And to me, it's actually very clear what the the base issue is that you're solving.

Speaker 8  1:25:57
Yeah, I think I'm I'm still waffling on how to communicate it.

Speaker 1  1:26:02
Yeah, I think that's that's a communication and messaging thing. I don't think it's a brand. I think your your your brand is actually, to me, at least from it from an outside perspective, it's actually very clear what you solve and how it shows up for the different categories of people, even with the personal style stuff and like the complete, up level and rebrand, I can see totally how you know when someone has a lot of energetic blocks and a lot of limiting ways of thinking about themselves, it comes out in how they express themselves, even visually. And so in order to step into that new, revitalized identity, they need to do the inner work before they can do the outer work, right, just like how I say you need to have conviction in your brand before you can go out and put good messaging out there. It's the same concept you're you're conveying. So I think for you, it's more of a communication and messaging thing, rather than a brand clarity thing.

Speaker 8  1:26:55
So what would you suggest for that? Or is that a conversation offline?

Speaker 1  1:26:58
Um, it's not that what I would suggest for it. I feel like it's a loaded question, because question, because, I mean, I have an entire I have an entire subset of trainings of like how to create cotton and precise messaging, to communicate and position yourself. I think it goes beyond the scope of what I can call cover in a single call. The only thing I can leave you with is to consistently be speaking to the top of mind desires of what people want to achieve, and showing them how your solution is the key to them achieving that. Yeah, if you can create actually, let me share my screen.

Unknown Speaker  1:27:46
Where is the share screen? Ah, do you guys remember this from week three?

Speaker 1  1:27:56
So we were talking about the, you know, mapping the psychographics. Even though this is not supposed to be a communication model, you can use it for a communication model. So if you can write a series of posts that do these things, and they can follow this format, empathize, define ideate prototype. So what is the need? What is the job? What is the core message, what is the thing that you want them to know? What is the thing that you are solving for them? How do these show up in their day to day so if they don't have good energetic hygiene, how is that showing up in their day to day interactions? And you can come up with the three subsets of people that you serve and speak to the top of mind, pains, needs, challenges, frustrations. Next. What's the power to blame so why? Why are they experiencing these things? Where did they come from? What were some of the things that led to them experiencing these energetic blocks, desired outcomes? What would they rather be experiencing? What is it that they actually desire? What's the big idea or the new paradigm? So given that you know you've you've now revealed what are the root causes of why they've stayed the same, and what are the desired outcomes, so what they would rather be experiencing, what's the big shift that they need to adopt? What is it that you actually do with them? And then you can also go into, what is the process that you use, what it what? What's maybe a tool or a modality or a technique or something that you deploy that actually helps them move from their current state to where they want to be. And then what will they gain by doing this? So if you break down, you know these are the necessary steps to get to this result. Or here's the one big shift you need to adopt. How is your life going to look like otherwise or after? That is going to be very desirable and kind of sexy to them if you use this and again, like I said, this is not supposed to be a copy framework, but you can kind of use it as one. If you consistently post using this framework, you're slowly training. Your people to associate you with what you actually want to be known for and what is relevant to them.

Speaker 8  1:30:10
Got it. That gives me a good starting point. Thank you.

Speaker 1  1:30:14
Yeah, no problem. And again, like I said, this is not supposed to be a like a copywriting program, so it's very hard for me to get into all the details of like, the different types of posts and the different styles of messaging, but I think this kind of gives you a good starting point to know, like, if you were to write content, how would you structure it?

Unknown Speaker  1:30:35
And that that is a neuro message scope, correct?

Speaker 1  1:30:38
Yes, yeah. That is that neuro messages is like it is fully dedicated to content and positioning and communicating like what it is that you

Unknown Speaker  1:30:49
do. Awesome. Thank you. No

Speaker 1  1:30:51
problem. Alright, let's keep going, guys. So I mentioned that the first thing was getting clarity on what you stand for, and from the all the discussions that we had right now, the key I want you guys to take away is to remember that your brand is a mental schema. It is a series of micro associations that people make to what you stand for. It is it's a series of when people think about your brand, there's ideas, there's Gist, there's words, there's images. These are the things that pop into their mind. And so your entire goal with your presence is to start building those associations. And those associations don't need to be a single word, they need to be a feeling. So if I'm following a relationship coach, if I'm following a feminine embodiment coach, I don't think feminine embodiment, or I don't think relationship coach, I think in the context of the messages that they've shared, if they've consistently talked about good girl syndrome, if they've consistently talked about anxious attachment like these are the ideas that I associate with them. That's why when I think about rollin Ryan Holiday, I think about stoicism, because he's consistently talking about the various stories of Stoics and how to be more stoic, and all his books are all around stoicism. So it's like it's the broader category that you want to become known for. Now to take this one step deeper, the next thing we got into is looking at demand and looking at what the needs are in your industry. So if you guys remember from the examples I shared with you guys around the Dangerous Woman or the pickleball instructor, what is the need? What is the job that you're fulfilling for your people? So if I were to take the anxious attachment example that I just mentioned right now, you're not just going to become known as the anxious attachment coach, the need that you are fulfilling for your people is women who are feeling like they are doing the majority of the work, the bulk of the work in a relationship, women who feel like they are constantly chasing after a man, women who feel like they're getting the short end of the stick when It comes to relationships, the need that you're fulfilling is the woman feeling underserved or under resourced in a relationship. So it's really important for you to get clear on the need that you're actually serving in the market. Because again, no one is buying a mindset coach. No one's buying an energetic healer, right? They're buying, what is the Under arching, what is the what is the goal that you're helping them resolve in that? You know, if you're a financial advisor, people are not buying financial advisory. They're buying the safety of how you are helping them manage their money in a way that will pay them in retirement. So it's really, really important for you to understand when it's positioning time, or when it's when the time comes to actually write content that speaks to the ideal person that you're looking to attract. You're not just writing a blog style post that talks about why you're so passionate about women's health, right? What is the specific need within that category that you are fulfilling? And that's why we spend so much time talking about the core message, or the most pressing problem, or the psi, which is the prominent selling idea, because when it comes to positioning, and once we have our category, right? Once we know what we're known for, what is it that we want people to understand that we do for them? Money exchanges hands. When people understand what is the transformation, they're going to walk away with money only exchanges hands, when people understand what is the benefit of working with you, so they're not just buying your specialty, they're buying what it's going to do for them. So that would be the next thing I would focus on, to get clear on, and the two demand building part one and part two workshops that we did, very rich in content and very dense, I know, but I think would help immensely. And. Helping you kind of think at think at this from the perspective of your ideal client, not just from you, but think from the perspective of your ideal client. What is it exactly that they are looking to solve that you can help facilitate?

Speaker 1  1:35:18
Okay, piece three of this, now that we have the overarching category of like, what is the category we want to be known for? When people think about our brand, what do they what do we want them to think next? What is it that we're actually relevant to? What are we solving? What goal are we helping them achieve, or what need or desire are we facilitating for them? Now we want to get into, how do we actually do that? And this was a big question for many of you, because you realize that you were making really big promises to your audience, but you didn't actually have a method, a framework, a process, that facilitated that result. So if we are telling people, I'm going to help you go from here to here, what are the things that need to happen to actually facilitate that what are the overarching categories that you want to be known for? And again, categories, I mean, in the realm of actually facilitating that transformation, what are the big, major milestones that need to happen to move someone from where they are to where they want to be? And yeah, and then underneath those big milestones or pillars or categories or phases, what are the micro lessons and tools you deploy to help them do that? Much like how in this program, there's kind of like five big overarching pillars or foundational elements to building a brand. And underneath each one of them, there was a series of teachings, there was a series of tools, there was a series of diagrams, there was a series of questions and exercises that I got you guys to do, and the intention is to help you go from I don't feel feel clear and convicted to my brand, to I feel clear and convicted to my brand, in my brand, that's the overarching transformation. That's my here's your starting point. Here's your ending point. The five pillars were the major milestones you guys needed to go through. And underneath each one of them, there was a there was a number of exercises and a number of tools that you got exposed to. So for your work, in particular, when someone comes to you, how do we take your intuitive genius and turn it into something that is crystallized? How do we turn it into something that is a repeatable process? And this is key for your conviction, not just because it's cool to have a process where it's cool to have a diagram or a framework, but because when you finally have this framework in place, you feel a lot more clear about how you actually facilitate results. It's no longer just, I don't know, people just come to me and I do some magic voodoo and they get results. You actually have a repeatable process. You actually have a and even if it's not linear, right? I mentioned this in the training. It doesn't have to be linear. So like step one, step two, step three, it could just simply be an overall framework or philosophical way of organizing. This is my body of work. These are the main concepts people need to be exposed to. These are the main skills they need to walk away with, so making sure that we ourselves are also working on building what that framework looks like, or building, you know, what are the key foundational elements, or the key milestones my clients need to go through to actually see results, because by taking it from really fluid and intuitive to crystallized and written out or drawn out, it starts to really solidify that conviction in ourselves. And going back to some of the questions we had earlier about like, really, like, how do I get clarity? How do I build that conviction? This is how, the more you can reinforce how you help people go from point A to point B. That's what really gets them, but that's what really gets you to feel like, okay, I know. I know my stuff. I know what I'm doing. Fatima says, Why is this all making me emotional? Anyone else or just me? Why are you emotional? Well, I guess you're asking the question, but what's what's coming up for you?

Speaker 7  1:39:17
I don't know. Okay, well, maybe a big part of it is that I'm pregnant, so like, I think really, like in heightened to like, certain, like, just my senses. But I don't know if this just all feels like so affirming of what I have been trying to talk to my like, talk myself through for the past few years of like, when I started to go into business for myself, and I just always was like, like, you know, like you're just meant for so much more, like, there's just like, more as in, like you're. Is meant to really allow yourself to come through, and all the work that you do, and all the growth that you're doing, and the approach that you've taken this in is so like, it's so deep. It's like, beyond even neuro it's like, I don't know, like basil. That makes it like it makes it any more sense like it's so transformative to the point where even if I don't go back into business like I don't, I'm still becoming so grounded just in who who I am, and this is why it's so important to be in places and groups of people who are committed to their growth genuinely, because, like, you can have all these conversations with yourself, but it just, it's something about it Being in a community that makes it more like permanent and like ingrained in you, you know. And that's just really, like, how I'm feeling. I'm like, success isn't even really having a million dollar business. Like, that's great, you know, congratulations to you. But like, it's just like, there's so many different aspects to it, and like all of that can come alive, you know, like, and it's like, that ultimate outcome doesn't matter where it leads. It's just the process of, it's that journey, and like, continuing on it, and wherever it leads you is where you're truly, truly meant to be. And I didn't expect, like, to get that from this. I really didn't, I remember when I messaged you. I was like, I'm here, here, here. And you're like, this program will help you with it. I'm like, great. I'm gonna be like, this is the type of writer I want to be. This is the type of content I want to share. And I'm just at a place where I'm like, I don't even now that I don't care about it. But that is not the ultimate outcome. The ultimate outcome is being who, like, I'm really, I really want to be, and letting that just guide me through every step of the way, you know, so, like, I don't know whatever growth and like, evolution you're going through. Like, take this as like, affirmation for yourself, that it's definitely a path for you, because, like, it's like, you're so much deeper than messaging and copy and content. Like, thank you. You're really a light, even really a light. I'm gonna go on mute now because,

Speaker 1  1:42:35
oh my goodness my heart, I so appreciate you. And I, oh my gosh, I that I've known there's something deeper than just the messaging aspect, and I know that building a brand for so many people is hyper relevant, because you guys are all in business. At the end of the day, you want to monetize something that you feel deeply passionate about. You have something deep within that you feel like you're meant for more, and you recognize that there's strategic things that you need to have in place. But in cultivating the space, I'm so happy Fatima, that you've come to the realization that it's so much more than that. It's so much more of a personal transformation that needs to take place. It's it's it's really not about the end result and how many clients you're going to attract and what types of content are going to be the most high converting. And it's so much more about how you feel about yourself at a very deep level, how you show up in your day to day actions. Are your actions actually aligned with the type of person that you want to be, or is it being dictated by what you think you should do? And so again, deep, deep gratitude for what you just shared, because that is the essence, and that is the reason why I do what I do. It has very little to do with content. Like the content is sexy. Sure people like it. They want to learn how to how to communicate, articulate themselves, position themselves, whatever, all the things. But in building spaces like this, and it started with neuro message, I realized that this is so much deeper than building brands. This is just like becoming the highest version of yourself through the brand. The brand is a, is a, almost like a catalyst that pulls you through this journey. But it's not the end outcome. It is simply the thing that pulls you through it. So thank you. Thank you for sharing that. I really, really, really, deeply appreciate that, and I hope everybody else is also going through their own version of some level of transformation that has nothing to do with how many people you sign and how much money you're bringing in, and what your monthly reoccurring revenue is. And of course, those things are needed, and they're real facets of life. You know, you have bills to pay, you have a business to build. That is absolutely true, but it the core of it is so much deeper than that. So thank you. Alright, two more things that we're going to be covering that again serve as just gentle reminders of what I want you guys to come back to, which I think, I think actually piggybacks really well off of what we said here. Your Brand essence. You. If you guys remember that document we went through and we talked about authority, connection, leadership, when you're thinking about your brand and when you're thinking about the intentionality around how you're showing up. And Eduardo, this might go back a little bit to what we spoke about around like, the medium of how you're showing up. We want to make sure that you're building a well rounded image of who you are, where most brands get stuck in that. I just need to be known for that one thing I need to know. I need people to know. This is the problem that I solve. This is how much I charge for it. This is what the offer looks like. And there's such an a hyper fixation on building authority online these days. Like, how do I become the go to the top of mind, like, how do I be that person that we forget that at the at the end of the day, people are buying from people. The questions that I asked in the brand essence workshop is not for you guys to, like, figure out and know all the answers to, but it's in helping you develop the actual identity and the heart behind the brand. It's not just the words, and it's not just you know the category and what you solve and the problem, and it's so much more about who you are showing up as that is drawing people in. Our brands need to be relevant and resonant, relevant meaning we're solving things that are relevant to the people that want to pay us for it, and they need to be resonant with their values, with the way that they're drawn to you, with your perspectives, with the stories that you share, with the way that you show your heart, with the vulnerability, so that they're drawn to you as an individual, not just as a person who has An offer, not just as a person who solves a particular type of problem, because the more we hyper fixate on here's the problem I solve and here's how I solve it, and here's the offer, and here's how I here's how much it's costing you. And all of that, we pigeonhole ourselves, or we start to compete with other people who can still have the same or or who have the same offers and promises. At the end of the day, people are buying from us because they they resonate with our way of showing up. There's an energetic connection and energy transference that's happening so that brand essence document. There is no right or wrong answers. There's no way of doing it that is superior or inferior or correct or or anything like that, but it simply serves as a way of showing you what are the different aspects of your brand that need to be communicated through your presence, so that people feel connected to you, not just what you solve, not just your offer. Kevin,

Speaker 4  1:47:39
yeah, I wanted to, I wanted to ask you a question, like earlier when you workshop with Faye and Anna. So you want to finish the document and then we can go back to it, or you can ask, okay, okay, so I'll start by saying that I'm, I'm well aware that I'm freaking out and I'm, I'm overthinking it, right? Well, that there's part of me that is like that, and the other part of me is actually having a hard time tying back the angle that we came up from my own brand with The rest of the thing that I'm doing. So what? What happened with Faye right now? And that happened to be with another client, and it was like such a satisfying moment of like shit, like some transformation, some deep transformation happened. It's the same thing with patience, right? Some deep transformation happens in in someone's life, and that's so beautiful to see. And I love that. I love this moment, but at the same time, I have a hard time tying it back to you. Call it like the brand message, brand presence, but I'm doing basically the same thing, right? It's also about like, how you communicated and how you show up online, how to actually get the clients and build the right funnel for you or whatever. But my angle is like, Hey, I'm going to help you show up in a convicted way, because you know yourself on a deeper level. And every time that I start thinking about it, it's always going back to, oh, I have to be a psychologist now, and I have to stay in a session with you and speak about like, your deeper traumas, when from your childhood, whatever. And I don't want to do that. Like it's not that I don't want to do that, but I feel like it's not efficient in a way that I want my brand to be or it's not what I want to be known for in my brand. When I do that, when I do the work that's something that I do as a psychologist, not something that I do as a business of branding business. And so I still have a hard time understanding how to tie it back and how to think about. Up my angle the right way.

Speaker 1  1:50:04
It's because the angle is not just that. I think what's happening in your mind is compartmentalization between I can only be known for, like, I help you be the truest, most, most authentic version of you, or I help you grow your business. It's actually bringing these two things together, because you are not Kevin the psychologist and Kevin the marketer. You are both. What you're essentially doing is you're fulfilling the need for people who want to consistently bring in demand into their business, but they want to do it their way. So you are breaking them out of the idea that they need to follow some sort of blueprint, some sort of template, some sort of strategy, and you're helping them understand that by them being the most authentic version of them, that is what creates the magnetism. And in order for them to be writing content that converts and in order for them to create offers that actually bring in demand and build that presence for themselves, they need to have that clarity on who they are at their core. And so there isn't an over emphasis on, let's get into all of your traumas. And you don't need to necessarily put all of your psychologist hat on, maybe half, because you are helping people see themselves at a deeper level that they themselves. Can't even see how to tie it back to that, and how your messaging ties back to that. That core message is recognizing that the need that you're fulfilling is the need to be magnetic. It's the need to be in demand. It is the need to build a business that is in alignment with who you actually want to be. These people do want to reach the masses. Let's say they want to acquire a high, highly lucrative, whatever business they want to have, the money coming in without the stress like those are a desired outcomes that they want to have, but the approach that they're taking is wrong. They're going at it from a very mechanical script, situational, yeah, exactly what you're trying to do is you're trying to break them out of that pattern. You're trying to help them see that by following what gurus say, you're actually moving away from your goal. And I actually think people are more aware of this now, more than ever. Going into 2025 and beyond, the personal brand is going to be at the forefront of what's leading this information or wisdom economy forward. It's no longer buy this funnel. It's no longer you know here's three clicks away to buying your for or creating your first course. People are exhausted with that message. People are dying for that intimate connection. Even companies who were not reliant on personal brands are now turning more into a personal brand that showcases more values and humanism and all that behind the scenes. I would use that to your competitive advantage. I would use that as evidence to be like now more than ever, people are no longer buying tactics and strategies. They are buying you, and you cannot be profitable going forward if you don't even know who you are and how to build that, that solid brand essence that captivates people in the right way, interesting?

Speaker 4  1:53:11
Yeah, that's the that's the way I wasn't looking at it, because I look at you and you're like, I'm known for messaging. And then you can segue into like, Hey, you want to write message. You want to have a strong message, but you have to be sure about your brand and who you are, etc, etc. For me, it's like the focus is not on something else. The focus is on how to create this really aligned and integrated brand that will will basically express your true self, or truer self, or be like, aligned with yourself. And so when the focus is there, it's like, Okay, so what's happening with this? But now you shifted it, and you're like, hey, you should focus on being in demand, being like the magnetism, and how to get people to gather around, to rally the people around you. And so to do that, you have to, and you cannot. Hey, you cannot do that if you're not, if you're not true to yourself, like you're not, nobody's gonna, nobody's gonna, is gonna be attracted to you if you're not sharing your own person, they're gonna be always tiptoeing around you. They're gonna be conscious around you. So you have to be yourself. You have to be true to yourself.

Speaker 1  1:54:30
Yeah, there's, there's a post I wrote months ago, and it was basically, what do Galileo Gandhi Hitler, like, what do these people have in common? And was the fact that they were the most authentic versions of themselves, regardless of whether they were loved or hated, right, right? They were the most like they they led movements, they built personal brands around their ideology, and that's why, years after all of their deaths, we're still talking about them. So Right? I see your message as being on the cusp of you need to have, and even, like what we talked about with Haley, you need to have such deep inner authority in order to lead that movement forward. Without that inner authority, without that inner conviction, without that clarity on who you are, the other stuff is not going to stick. It's going to be surface level. You can put together the best looking branding and websites and show up on LinkedIn five times a day. If you're not actually leading a movement that is attractive to the masses, it's not going to gain any charge, and especially in today's industry, more than ever,

Speaker 4  1:55:33
right, right? And more than that, like, yeah, go ahead, finish

Speaker 1  1:55:38
in 2020. Could have popped up with with very fluffy messaging. And been like, I will sell you some life transformational program, and people would be throwing credit cards at you. You barely had to push that connection. People were buying based promises. People are not being buying based on promises anymore. They're buying values, yeah.

Speaker 4  1:55:56
Mortgage sophistication by Eugene. Eugene Schwartz, basically, yeah. I was about to say, like, moreover, when you are the first thing that will shake your world a little bit, you're gonna crumble if you're not really grounded in who you are and what you stand for actually, like, somebody's gonna, like, we were talking about debating, like, if somebody's gonna be like, Hey, you're, you know what? That's the thing that I was so scared about when I wasn't really aligned with myself and just talking about, like, hey, business and marketing and all that, just based on some few, few results that I had, I was like, the moment someone is going to question what I'm saying. That's it. I'm done like, I'm I know how to debate, I know how to get away with words, but it's just like, if you start digging a little bit deeper, you're gonna find out that I'm that I'm a fucking phony. And so I was scared about that, and now I'm like, I'm shifting towards like, Hey, I'm talking about what I know, it feels a lot better, but it's still like shit, like, I'm not too confident about that

Speaker 1  1:57:05
yet, and that's and that's okay too. I always say there's a difference between speaking from knowledge versus speaking from wisdom. And speaking from knowledge is speaking from what we know in the head, things that we've learned from others, things we've picked up from trainings and from books and things that we've been exposed to. And we're like, Oh, I know this is going to work. And a lot of brands, when they speak from knowledge, they have that exact reaction where they're afraid that the moment they receive some backlash, or the moment someone argues with them, they don't have the deep conviction and being able to hold their ground. When you speak from wisdom, you're not speaking from what you know to have worked for other people. You're speaking from the perspective of I know this to be true because I've experienced it, I've lived it, I've created it, and that's why everything, even you're being exposed to in this program, is to help you develop wisdom, not just knowing that's why I don't give you guys templates and frameworks, and here's what your message needs to say, because then you just hear it. So you'd be repeating parmese said, this is going to work, so I'm just going to do what she told me, right? It's helping you get deeper embodied and build wisdom. That's why I'm prompting you guys to do the hard work of developing your own frameworks, developing your own stuff, because the more you push through that hard part of learning how to swim, you feel more convicted in what it is that you do.

Speaker 4  1:58:15
So So then how do you if I'm talking about magnetism and how to build a magnetic brand, which is something that I haven't done yet, like some clients did, but I haven't done it yet. So how can I Speak it? Speak about it from a place of wisdom.

Unknown Speaker  1:58:32
You do the work yourself that you do with your clients, right?

Speaker 4  1:58:37
But until I get there, right? It's like, it takes time to get there. It's not like, overnight. That's it like, I'm magnetic because I did the work that I did with my clients, right? It takes time to get there. So, and that's this period of, like, how am I speaking about that if I'm not there yet, you

Speaker 1  1:58:54
document your journey, do the work. So what you're telling your clients is that you need to really deeply know yourself. You need to speak from wisdom. You need to have right alignment with what you stand for before you go out. And you can, you know, post or attract clients, therefore, you do the very thing that you are telling your clients to do, and you document it. You you build the evidence, just like how I couldn't, I couldn't speak about personal branding until I wait where I had developed a personal brand. So I would talk. I would, I would start sharing micro messages about my thoughts and my ideas. And I would, I would tell people like, here's my here's my observations on personal brands. And I would, I would talk about it until I actually built up enough traction and momentum to be like, Okay, now I'm a personal brand. Now people know me. Now people recognize me, but I document an entire journey. It doesn't mean that you have to be at the finish line in order to be able to help and talk about the things that you talk about. If you are saying, Hey, I feel like a phony. Okay, document the journey. How did you unphony yourself? How did you come back into alignment with yourself? Right? About that. What are the ways that you were able to move away from what the gurus were teaching you and just following what you knew? And what are the ways that you could come back and actually speak from a place of of conviction, start documenting that journey, that that's all that's required, and that's slowly going to build your inner conviction and what you stand for as well. Gotcha. Okay, thanks. No problem. All right, guys, so we talked about your brand, essence, the characteristics, and even the discussion I just had with Kevin, kind of talks a little bit to that as well. People will feel things off of your brand. They will feel energy off of your content, they will feel how you are, how you are showing up, how you are, like they feel the energy behind it. And so we want to make sure that we are being very intentional with how we are building that essence. We don't want our brand to be invisible because we're just simply talking about like, if you're having this issue, I have a solution. That's what that's what 90% of people do. The 10% that are memorable, that we like, that we follow, are the people that infuse their message, with their personal stories, with their own evolution, with the very polarizing views, with taking a stand for and against something strategically coming up with brand enemies. And that's why the brand enemies is in it's in the document. What are the ideas that you stand against? What are the things that you're pushing back and even what we covered at the very beginning, what is the old paradigm versus New Paradigm? What is the movement that you are building? You are not just a service provider or a coach, a consultant, a like that's not what you are. You are someone who's building a movement against an old way of thinking into a new way of thinking, an old way of operating, into a new way of operating. What is that movement that is your job to define? And the last piece that I want you guys to take away from this. And again, I fully, fully recognize that it's beyond the scope of just this program to teach you everything that there is about it, but it is your messaging. And for those of you who left your documents for me to review, you'll see some common themes, and I even posted about them in the group yesterday, around what are the reasons why you might have ultimate conviction in what you do, and you might feel so solid in your category, in your domain, in the problem that you solve, you might know exactly what your brand stands for, but if you cannot communicate it in words that people will understand, you're going to get nowhere. So in that presence building aspect, we want to make sure that the way that we communicate is speaking in tangible terms, in vivid imagery. We want people to be able to visualize the transformation they're going through. Right? We're not just talking about you're going to transform your life and experience abundance. We want to define those elements. The messaging becomes super key, because people will not remember our brands if they haven't been exposed to it through our message. Once you have solidified this, this identity of who you are, what you stand for, what you solve, how you solve, it like once you have everything that we've covered in this program, it is now your job and duty as a personal brand, as someone who has a service to learn and optimize the ways that you are communicating so that your message actually reaches the people it's meant to. The articulation of your brand is probably going to be the hardest thing to do after you've gotten clarity, but it is the key. It is the key to actually bringing in cash into your business, and that's why I firmly believe, you know, the copywriting messaging space kind of blew up in the last couple of years, not saying everybody actually has the skill set to teach messaging, because I've seen very poor messaging advice out there as well. But you really, really want to make sure that you're doing the thing, those six ingredients that I talked about in last week's call, with precise messaging. You really want to make sure that you're understanding how to convey that fluffy, open to interpretation terms. We want to eradicate that so anything that is very open to interpretation, anything that is speaking to the high level transformation. We want to add visual elements to it. So if you're saying that, I'm going to help you release the patterns that are keeping you in self sabotage, what does self sabotage look like? Can you tie it to an experience, or can you tie it to a scenario that your ideal client will go, oh, that's that's exactly what I do, or that's exactly what I need. Can you add tangibility to the outcomes that you provide? So you're not just helping people reach financial freedom, you're helping them hit sustainable and. Repeatable, five figure months without having to work more than 20 hours a week. So getting very tangibles where people can actually see it, they can feel it, it's something concrete. Financial freedom is a very open to interpretation abstract term. So how can we add tangibility to the way that we're communicating, making sure that when people go through our posts, they can feel what the before and after is that we provide.

Speaker 1  2:05:30
And the deeper elements of messaging that I'm going to touch on really quickly here is understanding the notion of brand equity. This is something that I talk about more so in narrow message, but I've mentioned it in my content a lot too. Brand equity is being able to build a presence that brick by brick or post by post, shifts people's perspective and shapes their idea of who you are and what you do. It is not one single post that gets people into your programs. It is not one single or even just a series of like, maybe five to six, seven, whatever, posts that gets people sold on your personal brand. It is a consistent ecosystem that you're building. And again, I go way deeper into this inside neuro message. I've actually uploaded one of the neuro message trainings as a bonus in this in this program, I wasn't going to but I feel like it'll be really helpful. It's the last bonus call inside your portals. It's called Building a message ecosystem, where I talk about the three key, the three key types of messaging that kind of build this ecosystem. And of course, we can go way deeper into that, if you guys want or if you're ready for it. But essentially, I want you guys to see the way that you're showing up. Your presence is an ecosystem, just like a mosaic that is built up from multiple different fragments of ceramic and glass and things that none of it actually like. None of the individual pieces actually have an impact. But when you step back and look at a mosaic, you can see that the entire image, that is what your message conveys people who, let's say, Follow me or follow the people that they respect and that they buy from. It's never one single post that conveys the entirety of what we do, right? It's not, it's never one single or two posts or one story that is like, ah, that's my person, even if you had to think back to your experience of why you invested into this program and why you were bought into let's say myself, think back to how many exposures you had to the content pieces that made you go, Oh, I resonate with her. Oh, that's a good point. Oh, I never thought about it that way. Each one of those pieces played an essential role in crafting the image of this is a person I can trust. This is a person that has a solution to a problem that I saw that I need solved, and this is a person I resonate with because I resonate with her values or the way that she's doing things. Mm,

Speaker 1  2:08:04
so take a look at that messaging ecosystem call. I really feel like it might help you guys, because there's been some questions even shared in the group around like, Well, how do I become known for multiple things? Like, I want to be known for this concept, but I also want to talk about this over here. In that call, I talk about the three core types of messages and how to how each one kind of builds up on each other. And I also talk about the concept of micro messages. So sometimes you have single ideas or single thoughts that you're like, how does this fit into the ecosystem? Well, it's, it's not that you're becoming known for that one concept, but it's that concept is reinforcing a bigger idea that you want to be known for. So there's three kind of overarching types of messages, and then micro messages that reinforce that idea. But again, I don't want you guys to watch the training and get overwhelmed with like, Oh crap. Now I need to figure out my all my messaging. I want you guys really to focus on the branding elements that we've covered in this program. That's that's where the starting point is, understanding what category you want to be known for. What is the need that you're fulfilling? How is it that you solve that need? What is the method, the framework, like, what is the thing that you do? And then, what is the energy, the essence, the character, behind the brand that you're portraying, before getting into the messaging components of like, okay, now that I'm clear on what is it that I do, how do I now communicate that? Kevin, you've added a question here. Would you say that the right way to go about it is to sell the identity work first, then, while I'm expanding my expertise and personal brand, I'll offer a new pillar. So now I would focus on identity, then later, focus on messaging. And finally, presence. The goal is to build my personal brand and the message around the magnetism. So the after would be for the stage I'm in before and after. Um, you could, I don't necessarily see this as being like, first focus on this, then this, then this. You totally could like, for example, I focus on copywriting, and then more into messaging. And then, as I developed that, I started talking a little bit more about the importance of having brand identity before going into messaging. But that's not something I. Strategized at first like I didn't say, okay, these are the things that I'm slowly going to evolve into. I let my message evolve based on how I was feeling or the feedback that I was getting on the things I was teaching about. So I think that the core thing that you really need to position yourself as right now is the person who helps you build a brand that is in true alignment with you, because that is what is necessary to build the demand and build the magnetism that everybody's looking for. Everyone's looking for the secret sauce through the magic formula, the magic posting strategy, and you help them let go of the strategy and embrace who they are and show up as who they are. If you can consistently reinforce that message, you will slowly see that, yeah, you can touch on messaging, you can touch on presence building, you can touch on strategy, and they, they all kind of fit into the overarching umbrella of you need to be the real you, like you need to be the real you before thinking about strategy.

Speaker 4  2:10:59
And that would be good if I can tie it back to previous experience that have nothing to do with business. For example, when I was a shy kid, and then I turned into a magnetic person because I was able to show up as myself in my group of friends, etc, etc. So it's supposed to work in business because of that, something like the main idea,

Speaker 1  2:11:19
yes, exactly, yeah. Use your own personal experiences. Use what you know, use what you already are confident in and and like, document it like that. Some of the best personal brands were built through personal documentation. Yeah, right, that's what, okay, okay. Eduardo says, I want to be known as a habit and mindset modification expert, not a coach, but an expert. I like that by using life coaching and hypnosis tools, and I already have the evidence for the tangible, vivid results of my clients get consistently epic. So all that I would want to do now is to show up consistently demonstrating to people what are the benefits of or what are the what's the need that they have around habit and mindset modification. So what are the problems? What are the needs that show up in their day to day that you would have the tools or the strategies or the reframes to that would greatly benefit them? And I think it would be a really helpful exercise for everybody here, if you haven't already to make a list of what are all the current things that your clients are experiencing, or your ideal people are experiencing. What are the scenarios? What are the what are the ways? And again, this is been somewhere in the homework as well. It's not like it's a completely new exercise, but if you haven't already, what are all the things that they're currently going through? What are the frustrations? What are the anxieties? What are some of the things that are top of mind? What are they what are they like, eager to get over and then what are the things that they want to attain? What would feel good to them? What would they like to experience instead? Because when you're clear on these two elements, you open up an entire a massive door of content and presence, building opportunities. Right? The presence? Which I totally lack, and it's okay, because now you get to have fun with the process. Exactly, yeah. And Edward, I would say even more particularly for you, the message ecosystem training that I just mentioned would probably help you understand how to build that presence from a place of like, oh, I don't need to have a strategy. As long as I build this ecosystem, talking about these three different types of messages, people will be more familiar with what I do. People will naturally feel gravitated to my work. So I think that would be helpful.

Speaker 5  2:13:27
That's exactly what I'm thinking. Like my mind is like, wow, I have freedom.

Speaker 1  2:13:33
Exactly, yeah, you have freedom. I'm not going to tell you, okay, like on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, you're going to post about this problem, and then on Tuesdays and Thursdays, you better post about this problem. And it that just creates, that just takes all of the magnetism out of, out of someone's presence, because it's scripted.

Speaker 5  2:13:51
It's like, and, you know, and right now it's like, now I don't need you to say anything anymore. Yeah, yeah. Like, I know what I have to do.

Speaker 1  2:14:02
There you go. You figured it out. You have the you have the answers, but then you know exactly it is that you do. Yeah, epic, All right, guys, any final reflections or questions?

Speaker 5  2:14:15
Yes, thank you. Of course, of course, wow,

Speaker 1  2:14:20
yeah, I'm so I'm so glad that this happened like that. This program was basically just an idea where I'm like, This just needs to happen with very little planning, with very little like, there was intention behind it, but there wasn't strategy. Let's just say that there wasn't like, a who, I gotta warm them up with this idea and then convert them through this. It was very much like I see this problem. It exists. It needs to be solved. Let's do it. It's not going to be easy. It's probably going to be hard, but it's okay. I trust that you guys can handle it. So I'm really happy that the right people that were meant for this program got in truly and you guys have been showing up for yourselves so diligently. There's no like, it's hard. This stuff is hard, and I want to acknowledge each and every one of you for showing up and asking the questions and doing the work, because the trainings are dense, the work that you have to think about is very critical. There is no right or wrong way, and that sometimes is scary, because we want someone to give us the right or wrong way. So this, this whole experience, has kind of opened up my mind to also understand that there are people out there that are willing to do the hard work. Remember this, not everyone is looking for the magic bullet. There are people out that are looking for the skill building, that are willing to put in the hours and look around the room. And everybody who's been in this program is just an example of people who are not looking for a magic bullet. So anytime you think to yourself, people need to have concrete outcomes, or they need to have tangible outcomes, or that we need to make it as easy and sexy as possible for them. That is not true. Each and every one of you here is evidence of that.

Speaker 3  2:15:56
Yeah, I was I almost bought a ticket from Montreal, but I found out I have another I have another conflict. Are you going to be doing any sort of live events in Ontario?

Speaker 1  2:16:09
You know what? That's a great question. Um, for those of you who know, I'm in my I'm in the middle of my immigration journey, my immigration battle, to the US, and I was just told a couple of weeks ago that I have six months left in Canada. So with that being said, I'm like, Oh, wow. Like, I've been living in limbo for three years, and now I finally have like a like a deadline, and I don't have an exact date, but I know that between April and May is when I'm supposed to be moving to the US. So I'm like, huh, how can I capitalize the time that I had left here, and this is the first year that I'm actually going to be in Canada for the winter. I'm not going to escape to Mexico like I usually do. So Kevin says, Mazel Tov, thank you. So I'm thinking about it. I'm speaking at an event next weekend in Montreal. I'm thinking about potentially running a live event in Toronto in January, but I'll have to figure out dates and stuff. So to be continued, I will let you guys know I haven't figured all of the details out yet. What I do know is, after a certain point in January, I'm no longer going to have my passport, because the embassy is is going to take it from me so that they can do stuff with it. So I won't be able to leave. I won't be able to leave Canada for a little bit of time, but I'll keep you posted. This time last year, I was actually traveling to London, UK to run a live event there, and that went really well. I would totally like, honestly, I would fly back to London overnight if I had to. It was, it was an incredible, incredible session, but Eduardo says, come back to Mexico and do it in play to help Carmen. I thought about it. Yeah, I lived in, applied al Carmen for two years. And there's a lot of entrepreneurs and a lot of people there as well. But yeah, I would come to meet you and Linda next time. Yeah, honestly, I'm I'm thinking about, like, potential opportunities, because once I get into the US, I can't leave for a specific period of time until my green card comes in, which is almost like bittersweet, because I've been spending three years trying to get into the states, but then once I enter the States, I won't be able to leave. It's like handcuffs. So I'm like, plan my life around Okay, where do I go? How do I make this work? But yeah, I'll keep you guys posted. I love to do in person stuff. I traveled to both Montreal and Toronto frequently to do in person client sessions, and those client sessions. And those are always, those are always, like, life changing, because, as you guys can imagine, like, if this was one on one, or even in a small group, like, the conversations are out of this world. So yeah, I would, I would love to do more in person stuff. So let me, let me kind of get a little bit of a feel for what the next six months are going to look like. And then I'll, I'll keep you guys posted for what that, what some potential in person opportunities would be. The don't forget, guys, I'm also going to host, like, for those of you who came in a little bit late, there is going to be an extra Q and A session in about a month. So December 17, at 11am Eastern Time. If you put that in your calendars, there will be a link to register. You'll have to register for the call, so if there's anything that comes up after this session, of course, you guys still have access to the group up until December 20, so post whatever questions you have in there, and I'll be engaging once or twice a week. But if you have things that you would like to discuss and things that came up after what we've talked about and you want to workshop it through together, you can always show up to that call and and we'll do that. But, yeah, this has been incredible. There's, like, there's, I feel like there's so many other things that I want to talk about, but they fall outside of the scope of just like branding in general. There's, like, sales strategy, there's messaging, like, there's, there's a lot of things, but I'll keep you guys posted with, again, different opportunities of how we want to work together. Like if you have particular questions that you would rather have a one on one on I mentioned there is that opportunity to work together one on one. So I'll be posting the details of that by end of day today, inside the group, there are limited spots, so if you know for sure you want to have a one on one session and. This is not a scarcity tactic, like I just I know it'll get filled up. Make sure you snag one of those spots before they're gone. And yes, Anna, I'll be answering questions in the group until the 20th. Until December 20, the group is going to remain active after then. So all of the like the trainings, worksheets, like everything that is already in the portal but is also in the group, you will still have access to that. It's just that I won't be engaging in the group anymore, so I won't be answering questions. And then for those of you who want to upgrade into neuro message as well, the price of neuro message is going to be increasing after January of next year. But anyone from this group who wants to join, I will honor the same pricing of of this year. So if that's something that you want to discuss and just even see if it's the right fit there. If you want to have a conversation about it, like, I'm super low, zero pressure about it, I very much trust that you guys know what you need to do next, if it's just to engage more in this group and get what you need. And you're like, you know what? This is, exactly what I needed. Phenomenal. If you feel like, okay, now it's time to take it to the next level when it comes to like, message presence, building, getting our getting, you know, the communication aspects out there, we can definitely talk about that. And again, there's zero pressure. I don't, I don't you guys know how I operate. I'm not one of those like, Okay, you need to put money down now, and we don't do any of that stuff. I just want to make sure that it's actually something you guys need. And if you don't need it, phenomenal. Keep doing what you're

Speaker 3  2:21:18
doing. You're a big breath of fresh air.

Speaker 1  2:21:21
Well, thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. I appreciate that

Unknown Speaker  2:21:25
in this industry.

Speaker 1  2:21:27
Thank you. I hoped to be because I I worked behind the scenes for a number of people for years, guys and I could never, like, there was something in my soul that would always cringe in the way that they operated. And I didn't have the guts, and I didn't have the conviction to, like, stand up and be like, actually, that's not right. Or like, actually, I wouldn't operate my business that way until I actually grew the balls to leave and do my own thing. And I'm like, You know what? I know I'm very different than how people operate in the space, but I'm just going to trust that the way I operate and the the person that I am is going to attract like minded people, and that's why I'm so I'm such a big believer in having brand essence, because it's not about the promise, and it's not about like, what I help you guys achieve and what I help you guys attain. It's just like I operate in this way. Not everyone is going to agree, not everyone is going to be on the same page, but this is just who I am, and it worked. So great. Check it's it worked. So I appreciate that, Marcia, and thank you for showing up and doing the work, regardless of how testing and triggering it could be at some times awesome. This has been such a lovely session, guys. Thank you for joining in. Thank you for the questions. Thank you for thank you for for all of it. We will be in touch. I'm not going anywhere. You can access me in the group. For those of you who joined the Q and A session or the office hours session, I will. I'll see you there facing cute little smile and snap for a pic. Yeah, sure. Let's all smile. I'm like, Oh, my do I smile awkwardly now, awesome guys. I will talk to you guys later in the group. Hope you have a wonderful rest of your day, evening, wherever in the world you are, and we will be in touch Bye. Take care.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai