Speaker 1  00:00
An interesting perspective. The. When this came from starting to read the six month fix that was recommended by Tim Francis. You have a, you know, what are the rules of business? Well, the fundamental rule of business is you have to make money like this is the most practical irreducible rule of business. And there's 1,000,001 ways to do this. But if you violate this rule, well actually, that's not exactly true. In business, you have to have cash. And that's a rule you cannot violate. And if you violate it, that is the equivalent of an out of memory error or out of disk error or an exception. Crash. It's the end of the software running there's nothing more that can be done and that's the red line. Now normally, unless you're a venture startup, then you need something that produces profit, something highly profitable. For most freelancers, that's, you know, there's 1,000,001 ways to go about this.

Unknown Speaker  01:29
And various ranges of certainty, but you need something that generates a profit this is one of the feedback loops that you want to optimize for.

Speaker 1  01:43
to be completely clear, this is not the only one you should be optimizing for him. Because if you make this be the only one then you're going to might as well go sell drugs in the street corner. But there are other rules such as that actually feed into this. But it's kind of like running a compiler. And the compiler says it says, does it work? You know, there's some very basic does it work kinds of rules. If it doesn't work, and you get your debugger out, and you start breaking down the process, and you say, where in the process does this problem actually exist?

Speaker 1  02:33
And if you can identify it where the problem exists. Think of your business as a subroutine. And first subroutine is marketing. How do you find people the second subroutine is sales How do you close business? Third subroutine is operations How do you fulfill on it for subroutine is referral and Ipsum Risa and if if, if the engine does not feed the engine free course so at this point, what you can do is you can start looking at where exactly is the problem, you can debug it. When you debug it, you can get call stack variables. You can say what exactly is what what is going on at this particular point in time. And effectively what you should think of it one one good way to think about it is as test driven development. And your goal is to maximize profitability in order to do create maximum benefit Yeah, so if you actually look at this from the standpoint of a compiler and pass pass fail results, then what follows from that is what does it take to actually build a compiler could you build a compiler for your business that looks at any given module, sub module and says, Is this thing functioning as it was intended to yes or no? And if yes, then everything is good. It is immediately an alert. It's the equivalent of a regression err, it's the equivalent of $1 Build error and requires immediate attention. Until this thing can be fully resolved. Follow up question and homework assignment is to literally implement something like this.

Speaker 1  05:20
We've got step one and two. We got some initial accounting steps in place, but we really need to take it to one more level


Transcribed by https://otter.ai